--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
HEINEKEN N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands) 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Heineken N.V. (the "Issuer" or "Heineken") may 
from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") on terms specified in this base prospectus, as supplemented from time to time (the "Base 
Prospectus"), and as further specified in relation to an issue of Notes in the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms"), which complete this 
Base Prospectus.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date hereof. The CSSF is 
the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating 
to prospectuses for securities, as amended (the "Prospectus Law"). By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of any transaction or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. 
The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Notes.  
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted during the period of twelve months from the date hereof 
to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID 
II"). 
Pursuant to Articles 12(1) and 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus will remain valid for a period of twelve (12) months 
from the date on which the CSSF's approval is obtained and shall expire on 2 April 2025. Consequently, the obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply once this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued that will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or that may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in bearer form and 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in the section "Risk Factors" below. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms along with confirmation of whether or not such rating will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") will appear on its 
website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
credit rating agency. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the United Kingdom (the "UK") or anywhere else. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI is included on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the "ESMA Benchmarks Register") established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU BMR") and the register of administrators 
and benchmarks (the "UK Benchmark Register") established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of the EU BMR as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK 
BMR"). Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU 
BMR and/or UK BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU BMR 
and/or the UK BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
 
Arranger
 
 
ING 
 
 
Dealers
ABN AMRO
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
HSBC
ING
J.P. Morgan
2 April 2024
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................3 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................8 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. 22 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT ................................................................................................................ 25 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................... 26 
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................. 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................... 31 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 62 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................... 63 
HEINEKEN N.V. ......................................................................................................................................... 77 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 89 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 94 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 99 
GLOSSARY .............................................................................................................................................. 102 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .................................................................................................................. 104

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the "Conditions"), in which event, in the case of listed Notes only, a new Base 
Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this overview.  
Issuer: 
Heineken N.V. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
724500K5PTPSST86UQ23 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are also certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure 
of a particular Series of Notes. All of these are set out under 
"Risk Factors". 
Description: 
EUR 20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V.  
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis 
that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or that may be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the 
issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in bearer form. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with (i) if 
the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note 
("NGN") form, as stated in the relevant Final Terms, a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) if 
the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, either a Permanent Global 
Note or Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of 
any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars, Pounds 
sterling, Swiss Francs, Singapore dollars or Japanese Yen or in 
any other currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation (and 
subject to Condition 3), at all times rank at least equally with all 
its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and nominal 
amount of the Notes of any Tranche will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue thereof in 
accordance with then prevailing market conditions. The Issue 
Price will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes 
must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be 
issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Final 
Redemption Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of (i) the Issuer (either in whole or in part) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (which, if Make-Whole Redemption Option 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be at the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount) if Issuer Call is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; (ii) the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) at the Final Redemption Amount if Issuer 
Maturity Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, (iii) the Issuer (in whole but not in part) at the Early 
Redemption Amount if Issuer Clean-up Call is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (iv) the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount if 
Issuer Acquisition Call is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms; and/or (v) the Noteholders at the Optional 
Redemption Amount if Investor Put is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, in each case, to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In addition, if Change of Control Put is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed before 
their stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders in the 
circumstances described in Condition 6.7(b). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in Conditions 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 and 6.6, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 6.2. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate (based on 
EURIBOR or any other rate, as specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Terms). Notes may also be Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
The specific details of each Note issued will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading (i) on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in any 
member state of the EEA in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency) or (ii) on a regulated market or a 
specific segment of a regulated market to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation")) have access within the UK or offered 
to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the 
FSMA, will be €100,000 (or is equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).  
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as 
described in Condition 3. 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default as described in 
Condition 9.1(c). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Netherlands unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided 
in Condition 7) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been 
required. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. 
 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA 
will 
appear 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
Dutch law.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the EEA, the UK, France, the 
Netherlands, 
Singapore, 
Japan 
and 
Switzerland, 
see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling Restrictions:  
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
RISK FACTORS  
 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
All of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to 
express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  
 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the 
remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
 
The Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described 
below may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk 
factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the 
risk factors set out in this section. 
 
The Issuer believes that all the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
the Notes may occur for other reasons not known to the Issuer or not deemed to be material enough.  
 
Other risks, events, facts or circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the 
Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be 
important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's group business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors should carefully read and review the entire Base 
Prospectus and should form their own views before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes 
in light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision.  
 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes. 
 
RISK RELATING TO THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME.  
 
A. RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY  
 
Disruption in Heineken's product supply and supply chains could impact its sales and financial 
performance  
Disruption in the supply chain for the group of companies comprising Heineken and its subsidiaries (the 
"Heineken Group" or the "Group") could lead to inability to deliver products to key customers, revenue loss, 
brand damage and loss of market share.  
Supply chain disruptions, such as the ocean freight disruption in the Suez Canal, can have far-reaching 
consequences, including the potential inability to fulfil orders for crucial clients, financial setbacks, harm to 
brand reputation, and a decline in market presence. Substantial fluctuations in the accessibility or pricing of 
essential inputs such as raw materials, commodities, transportation, energy and water may precipitate either 
shortages in supply or elevated operational expenses. 
 
The global supply chain landscape continues to deal with substantial disruptions. Throughout the year, there 
have been several instances where Heineken's suppliers have been adversely affected by these events, 
resulting in price volatility and contractual challenges. The availability of certain critical resources has 
become constrained, driven by the prevailing global political instability. Furthermore, the growing concerns of 
climate change and increasing water shortages are starting to have effects on how much crops can grow, 
the availability of resources and the prices of grains. 
The loss or temporary discontinuity of supply chains from any of its suppliers without sufficient time to 
develop an alternative source could result in delays in shipments, expose Heineken to increased costs,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
damage to its brands and place it at a relative disadvantage to its competitors. Disruption of supply and/or 
discontinuity of supply chains could result from increased competition, industry consolidation, the termination 
of (or material change to) arrangements with suppliers, disagreements with suppliers as to payment or other 
terms or the failure of a supplier to meet Heineken's contractual obligations or otherwise deliver materials 
consistent with current usage. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond its control, like adverse weather 
conditions, natural disasters, earthquakes, hurricanes, flooding, fire, power loss, loss of water supply, 
terrorist attacks, telecommunications and IT system failures, political instability, civil strife, military conflict, 
the consequences of any military action and associated political instability in any of the countries where 
Heineken operates, generalised labour unrest or health pandemics, could also damage or disrupt Heineken's 
supply and supply chains. In particular, the supply of beer products from the Netherlands to export markets 
such as the United States of America is important to Heineken's business. Discontinuity of supply from the 
Netherlands could adversely impact its sales and financial performance in its various export markets. Such 
discontinuity in Heineken's product supply and supply chains could have an adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken may be impacted by changes in the availability or price of raw and packaging materials, 
commodities, transport, energy, water and other input costs 
The supply and price of raw and packaging materials, commodities, transport, energy, water and other input 
costs used to produce Heineken's products can be affected by a number of factors beyond its control, 
including the level of crop production around the world, export demand, government regulations and 
legislation affecting agriculture, adverse weather conditions, currency fluctuations, economic factors affecting 
growth decisions, various plant diseases and pests.  
Water availability is also of utmost concern as Heineken requires access to significant water resources to 
continue its operations. As such, Heineken cannot predict the future availability or prices of the products and 
materials required for its products or guarantee that its water supply will not be subject to stoppages, scarcity 
or other interruptions. The markets in the relevant commodities may continue to experience price increases 
or suffer from disruptions in supply. Heineken uses, amongst other inputs, barley, grain, hops, glass and 
aluminium for producing and packaging its products. As a result, significant changes in the availability or 
price of raw materials, commodities, energy and water may result in a shortage of those resources or 
increased costs. Heineken's financial condition is exposed to fluctuations in the prices and the availability of 
these raw and packaging materials as well as continuity in its water supply. Other input costs, including 
transportation and energy, have also fluctuated heavily in recent years and remain very volatile. In addition, 
changes in packaging mixes continue to pressure input costs. Although Heineken generally addresses this 
risk by making use of flexible contracts and active hedging, volatility in input costs may have an adverse 
effect on its operating costs and its net profit if Heineken cannot pass on these price increases to its 
customers or sufficiently protect itself through its hedging strategies. 
In addition, there is a trend of consolidation among suppliers, in particular suppliers of glass bottles and 
cans. As a result, Heineken is dependent on fewer suppliers for its supplies and as such is exposed to the 
risk that these suppliers cannot meet Heineken's supply needs and/or may increase the price of available 
supplies. Any shortage of, change in price of, or supply disruptions to, any of the raw and/or packaging 
materials or discontinuity to Heineken's water supply may have an adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Changing consumer and beverage trends could have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations 
Consumers have an ever-expanding choice of beverages and brands available to meet their needs. There is 
an increasing risk of non-beer competitors reaching the same consumers and occasions as beer players, 
through product offerings such as hard seltzers and pre-mix spirits cocktails. This requires Heineken to 
constantly adapt its product offering, innovate and invest to maintain the relevance and strength of its 
brands, while meeting new and evolving consumer needs. Failure to do so would, in the longer term, affect 
Heineken's revenues, market share and, possibly, Heineken's brand equity. 
The beverage landscape is rapidly changing, with many categories growing faster than beer. There is a 
significant risk of losing market share to other beverages, as long-held boundaries between beer, wine, 
spirits and non-alcoholic beverages are blurring, changing the face of competition and stretching brands into 
new domains. Within the beer category, the rise of low- and no-alcohol products have been the most 
noticeable changes due to an increased consumer focus on health and well-being. Beyond beer, the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
significant diversification of choice in ready to drink beverages is remarkable but volatile. This may result in 
fluctuations in demand for Heineken's products. 
 
Relevant factors include variation and perceptions in health consciousness, changes in prevailing economic 
conditions, changes in local regulations in relation to smoking bans, changes in the demographic make-up of 
target consumers, changing social trends and attitudes regarding alcoholic beverages and changes in 
consumer preferences for beverages. In these markets, the on-trade channel (i.e. restaurants, hotels, bars 
and cafeterias) is also under pressure, which may exert negative pricing pressure on Heineken's products.  
Any decrease in the demand for Heineken's beer in favour of alternative beverages or decreases in 
Heineken's product pricing margins on the basis of factors over which Heineken has little or no control could 
have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken is reliant on the reputation of its brands and the protection of its intellectual property rights 
As "Heineken" is both the name of the Group and its most valuable brand, reputation management is of 
utmost importance to Heineken. Heineken enjoys a positive corporate reputation and its operating 
companies are well respected in their countries and regions of operation. Constant management attention is 
directed towards enhancing Heineken's social, environmental and financial reputation. The Heineken brand, 
and also its other international brands (Amstel, Birra Moretti, Desperados, Sol, Strongbow and Tiger) and 
craft brands (like Affligem, Lagunitas and Mort Subite) are, along with its people, its most valuable assets 
and one of the key elements in Heineken's growth strategy. Anything that adversely affects consumer and 
stakeholder confidence in its brands and, in particular the Heineken brand, could have an adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Also, if Heineken fails to ensure the relevance 
and attractiveness of its brands, in particular the Heineken brand, and the enhancement of brand marketing, 
this could also have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken has invested considerable effort in protecting its brands, including the registration of trademarks 
and domain names. If Heineken is unable to protect its intellectual property, any infringement or 
misappropriation could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations and/or its ability to develop its business. 
Heineken operates in highly competitive markets and industry consolidation in the beverage and 
distribution sectors as well as among its customers could place Heineken at a competitive 
disadvantage  
Consolidation and convergence in the beverages industry may affect existing market dynamics due to 
competitive disadvantage with suppliers and increased competition on commercial spend and customer 
acquisition strategies. There is increasing risk from increasing consolidation and competition within the 
overall beverages sector, with non-beer competitors targeting the same consumers and occasions as beer 
players, through product offerings such as hard seltzers and pre-mix spirits cocktails. 
Globally, brewers compete mainly on the basis of brand image, price, customer service, distribution networks 
and quality. While globally the beer industry is not highly concentrated, in many of the countries in which 
Heineken has operations, two or three brewers account for a very large proportion of the market and smaller 
local brewers make up the balance. Consolidation has significantly increased the capital base and 
geographic reach of Heineken's competitors in some of the markets in which they operate, as well as the 
cost of competition, and competition is expected to increase further as the trend towards consolidation 
among companies in the beer industry continues. 
Further consolidation in the sector, emergence of buying alliances and rise of e-commerce distribution 
channels may result in a competitive disadvantage for Heineken if Heineken is unable or unwilling to respond 
appropriately to such industry changes. If Heineken's competitors become larger, resulting from mergers 
and/or acquisition activity, they may be able to obtain a better negotiation position with retailers, distributors 
and suppliers.  
In order to maintain position and profitability, Heineken's customers are consolidating, either through 
acquisitions or through buying alliances.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Finally, consolidation among Heineken's customers leading to increased buying power in fewer hands may 
affect its ability to obtain pricing and favourable trade terms and negatively impact its operating margin. This 
can put pressure on Heineken's existing distribution and supply chain channels. Larger companies can also 
generate cost advantages with respect to advertising costs as economies of scale can be realised. These 
competitive disadvantages could lead to Heineken experiencing higher costs relative to the costs of its 
competitors and thus to relatively higher prices, which could reduce demand for its products, which, in turn, 
could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken faces risks in respect of distribution channel transformation 
The digital disruption is creating new routes to customers and consumers/shoppers, which is potentially a 
threat if Heineken would be disintermediated and lose connection to transactions and consequently visibility 
on customer and consumer data. New B2B and B2C players continue to enter the market, although this has 
slowed down following increased financing cost. Some key consumer packaged goods players, including 
major competitors in Heineken's category, are accelerating their investments. Major online retailers continue 
to strengthen their omnichannel strategy, owning on- and off-line retail. Electronic point of sales systems are 
increasingly used to collect and leverage customer and consumer data. In the long run, digital disruption 
could lead to increased competition and a reduction in Heineken's operating margin as Heineken could have 
less control over the way in which it distributes its products to market. 
Heineken faces risks resulting from its joint ventures, other strategic partnerships and independent 
distributorships and it may be unable to influence such joint ventures and strategic partnerships 
In certain markets, Heineken has undertaken business activities with other market parties in the form of joint 
ventures and strategic partnerships and with independent distributors. Where Heineken does not have 
effective control, decisions taken by these entities may not be fully harmonised with Heineken's strategic 
objectives. Moreover, Heineken may not be able to identify and manage risks to the same extent as in the 
rest of the Heineken Group. Decisions made and actions taken within these relationships may not be optimal 
for Heineken's business, or may not promote its business and strategic objectives, and may therefore result 
in lower revenue and lower profit margins from such joint ventures, strategic partnerships and independent 
distributorships which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
While its joint ventures, strategic partnerships and independent distributorships are generally of a long-term 
nature, such alliances can usually be terminated early under certain circumstances. Termination of, or any 
material change to, Heineken's relationship with these third parties could adversely affect growth 
opportunities and have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
 
Heineken is exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and equity 
prices 
The risk of changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and 
equity prices, could adversely affect Heineken's income or the value of its financial instruments. Heineken 
operates internationally and its reporting currency is the Euro. As a result of its international operations, 
fluctuations in exchange rates of foreign currencies relative to the Euro could have an adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Additionally, exchange rates between the Euro and 
other currencies may be significantly more volatile than they have been in the past. Heineken is particularly 
exposed to currency fluctuations in the US Dollar, Mexican Peso, Brazilian Real, Nigerian Naira, Polish Zloty, 
British Pound, certain Asian currencies (in particular, the Vietnamese Dong) and the South African Rand. 
Fluctuations in these currencies relative to the Euro could have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
There is a risk of a loss when a customer and/or counterparty defaults on its payment obligations to 
Heineken, like trade receivables, loans to customers and advances to customers. Such a default could 
cause a significant loss and such a loss could potentially adversely affect Heineken's income. 
Heineken faces defined benefit pension obligations in some of the countries in which it operates

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
In some of the countries in which Heineken operates (mainly in the UK), Heineken will over time be obliged 
to make deficit contributions to defined benefit plans that provide pension benefits for employees upon 
retirement. The contractual and regulatory arrangements with these pension funds are such that in case of 
shortfalls, no one-off payments are required but annual cash contributions may increase going forward, 
thereby increasing the potential cash outflow obligation over a longer period of time which could have an 
adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The accounting 
impact of pensions under IFRS on Heineken's financial results may differ materially from the cash impact. 
Heineken's future capital needs may require that it seeks debt financing, refinancing or additional 
equity funding, which may not be available or may be materially more expensive 
From time to time, Heineken may be required to raise additional funds for its future capital needs or to 
refinance its current funding through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other 
arrangements. There can be no assurance that the funding, if needed, will be available on attractive terms, 
or at all. Furthermore, any additional financing arrangements may be dilutive to shareholders, and debt 
financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. In addition, debt financing, refinancing or additional 
equity funding may be materially more expensive due to the lack of liquidity in the market and the general 
lack of confidence in the equity markets. Heineken's failure to raise capital when needed could have an 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Although the Group works to appropriately manage its cash position by diversifying its fundraising measures 
and expanding its fundraising sources, there are times it may be difficult for the Group to secure the funds 
required or the Group may be forced to procure funds when interest rates are significantly higher than 
ordinary rates in normal circumstances due to turmoil in financial markets or changes in the market 
environment. As a result, the Heineken Group could experience difficulties in meeting payment obligations 
associated with its financial liabilities, like payment of financial debt or trade payables when they fall due. 
C. ESG: ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE 
 
Uncontrollable events, poor quality or contamination of Heineken's products, be it accidental or 
malicious, could result in health hazards for employees and/or consumers, reputational damage, 
financial liabilities and product recalls   
Product recall, product liability and/or safety, health and environmental issues, including incidents and 
accidents in the breweries, in the supply chain, logistics and along the route-to-market, the discovery of 
contaminants in or poor quality of Heineken's beverage products, or unethical or irresponsible behaviour by 
Heineken or Heineken's employees could damage its reputation, brand image, sales and revenues. Any 
damage to Heineken's brands or reputation could have an adverse effect on its business, reputation, 
financial condition and/or results of operations, even if the negative publicity is factually inaccurate or 
unfounded. 
The environment in which Heineken operates is constantly changing. Changes to its product portfolio, 
growing insights into hazards associated with potential food contaminants, growing consumer concern with 
food safety and a more complex legal environment, make it necessary to constantly take action to adapt and 
respond to these changes, to assure food safety for our consumers. The inability of Heineken to timely 
respond to the introduction of new (environmental) legislation could lead to legal claims, increase in 
compliance costs, restrictions on production, packaging, distribution, selling and marketing of its products, 
reputation damage for Heineken and limits on Heineken's 'license to operate' in a specific jurisdiction, 
resulting in negative business impact. 
As a multi-national company with global operations, Heineken is subject to a vast array of public and 
employee scrutiny. If Heineken does not conform to society's expectations in mitigating its environmental, 
social and corporate governance impact (including e.g. CO2 emissions, water circularity, water balancing, 
food safety, plastic pollution, brewery waste and sufficient support of local communities), this can lead to 
significant reputational damage to the Heineken Group or to its individual brands which, in turn, could have 
an adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken aims to provide a healthy and safe workplace for all employees, temporary workers and 
contractors. Despite the controls in place, Heineken's employees, temporary workers, contractors and 
visitors may be impacted by uncontrolled events in the brewery, supply chain, along the route-to-market or in 
its offices, which could lead to illnesses, serious injuries or fatalities, potentially followed by business

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
disruption, losses, reputational damage or legal claims. Alcohol abuse by employees is a risk for health 
safety and reputation. 
Heineken is exposed to developing market risks such as the risks of conflict, sanctions, devaluation, 
nationalisation and inflation 
Throughout the world, local or regional economic and political uncertainties could impact Heineken's 
business and that of its customers. Heineken's operations are subject to numerous risks inherent to 
multinational operations.  
In particular, the risk of an economic recession, change of laws and the interpretations of those laws, trade 
restrictions, sanctions, major health epidemics/world-wide health events, inflation, fluctuation in exchange 
rates, devaluation, nationalisation, financial crisis, changes in foreign currency exchange controls and foreign 
exchange availability, discriminatory and conflicting fiscal policies, difficulties enforcing intellectual property 
and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions, greater risk of uncollectable accounts and longer collection 
cycles, effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across Heineken's diverse 
operations and imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and/or similar restrictions in the 
various jurisdictions in which Heineken operates or social unrest could adversely affect its revenues and 
profits.  
Furthermore, difficult economic or political circumstances may negatively impact Heineken's ability to collect 
amounts due from governments, including refunds of taxes. 
Moreover, political and economic changes, instability or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist 
activity, crime and lack of law enforcement, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public and private sector 
corruption, exchange rate depreciation, risk of hyperinflation, nationalisation or expropriation, weak economic 
institutions (such as protection of rights of investors, entrepreneurs or property rights) and other economic or 
political uncertainties could exacerbate the aforementioned risks and interrupt and have an adverse effect on 
Heineken's business operations.  
Changes in global political conditions have led to, and may continue to result in, extended periods of 
increased political and economic uncertainty. Global trade developments could lead to, among other things, 
the imposition or threatened imposition of trade tariffs and levies by major countries.  
The global economy could trend to a slow down due to an uncertain political landscape impacted by the war 
in Ukraine and conflicts in Africa and the Middle East. At the same time, high inflation and higher interest 
rates have led to a tightening of monetary policy. This could lead to more structural shifts and lead to a 
prolonged recession of the global economy, with tighter monetary policies by governments weighing on real 
disposable income and consumption. This could increase the risk of bankruptcies and the potential failure of 
certain sectors to recover. As a consequence, structural unemployment – especially for youth – is likely to 
surge with knock-on effects on consumer demand. Public debt, the disruption of global value chains and 
barriers to the cross-border movement of people and goods round out the key risks.  
All such developments have reduced and could lead to a further reduction in consumer and business 
activities within the markets in which Heineken or its customers or counterparties operate, or result in the 
introduction of new and/or divergent regulatory frameworks that Heineken will need to adhere to. All of these 
factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues and could have an adverse effect on 
Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken is exposed to the risks and effects of economic recession and to falls in per-capita income, 
which could adversely affect the demand for its products 
Heineken is exposed to the effects of a global recession and a recession in one or more of its key markets, 
including lower revenue and reduced income. For the beer business, recession may adversely affect 
demand, and therefore sales volumes and the prices that can be achieved for beer in the relevant markets. 
Changes in the economic environment following a global economic downturn may impact on Heineken's 
regular business activities and performance, in particular in the on-premise segment / on-trade channel (i.e., 
restaurants, hotels, bars and cafeterias). The level of beer consumption in a country is typically positively 
correlated to the general income level of that country. As such, lower income levels and lower customer 
solvency resulting from a global economic downturn may further negatively impact the demand for beer and 
result in lower prices, lower sales and increased credit risk, negatively impacting Heineken's business,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
financial condition and/or results of operations. A global economic downturn may also change consumers' 
behaviour due to an increase in discount brands and retailers following such economic downturn. To remain 
competitive, Heineken must continue to compete effectively in relation to, among other factors, pricing, 
quality and reliability. Any such increase in competition or changes in the competitive landscape in which 
Heineken operates could result in increased pricing pressures, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations as well as impact its ability to maintain or 
increase its market share. Turbulence in financial markets may have an impact on, inter alia, the value of 
Heineken's investments, financial instruments including derivatives and pensions (shortfalls). 
Heineken is exposed to climate related risks 
Climate changes could negatively impact the availability of natural resources such as water and agricultural 
commodities, which can lead to interruption of production and loss of revenue. In addition, Heineken will be 
impacted by carbon taxation. Carbon prices are anticipated to be the primary lever through which 
governments around the world will incentivise decarbonisation. Until Heineken reaches net zero in its full 
value chain, the carbon tax remains a concrete threat for its direct business or within its value chain.  
D. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK 
 
Regulatory changes related to alcohol could lead to a decrease in brand equity and sales of 
Heineken's products 
Authorities and regulators continue to introduce restrictive measures on alcohol consumption and sales. 
Recent examples are restrictions in marketing and labelling requirements for specific markets. These 
measures can have a negative impact on Heineken's business in the affected markets and restrict the 
availability of Heineken's products. Changes in the legal and regulatory environment tend to increase the risk 
of non-compliance with local and global laws and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations could lead to enforcement, fines, civil (damage) claims and reputational damage. Across many 
geographies, law enforcement has increased over the past years, in particular with regard to anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption, competition and data privacy laws. This leads to increased risk of allegations of violations of 
laws and regulations by law enforcers as well as by private parties. 
The topic of alcohol and health is under scrutiny in many markets. This may prompt regulators to take further 
measures limiting Heineken's freedom to operate, for example through restrictions and/or bans on 
advertising and marketing, sponsorships, availability of products, adding health warnings on labels and 
increased taxes and duties or the imposition of minimum unit pricing. This could lead to lower overall 
consumption or consumers switching to different product categories.  
Such negative publicity, restrictive measures and potential change in consumption trends could lead to a 
decrease in brand equity and sales of Heineken's products and affect Heineken's commercial freedom to 
operate and restrict the availability of its products, any of which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on 
Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The jurisdictions in which Heineken operates may adopt regulations or changes in laws and 
regulations that could increase Heineken's costs and liabilities and/or limit its business activities 
Changes in the legal and regulatory environment tend to increase the risk of non-compliance with local and 
global laws and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could lead to civil 
(damage) claims, fines, enforcement and reputational damage for the Heineken Group. In respect of alleged 
competition law violations, there is an increasing trend of private parties pursuing civil claims for damages. 
Recent health trends may lead to an increased risk of consumers making claims. 
 
Heineken's business is regulated by the European Union and other national and local government entities. 
These regulations govern many parts of its operations, including brewing, bottling, branding, marketing and 
advertising, transportation, distributor relationships and sales. Other regulations governing taxation, 
environmental impact and labour relations also affect Heineken's operations.  
Various legislative authorities consider from time to time increasing taxes (including excise and other duties, 
tariffs and levies) on, inter alia, production or sale of alcoholic beverages (including beer), profits, sales, 
salaries, royalties, interests and/or dividends. Such tax increases are frequently performed by legislative

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
authorities in times of slow or negative economic growth as a means to raise revenue. Tax increases are 
also used by legislative authorities as a means to steer consumption of alcoholic beverages.  
Changes in such regulations and duties could have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. Further, there can be no assurance that Heineken will not incur 
material costs or liabilities in connection with its compliance with current applicable regulatory requirements 
or that such regulations will not interfere with, restrict or affect its businesses which, in turn, could have an 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
Heineken may be subject to claims that it has not complied with laws and regulations, which could result in 
fines and penalties or loss of operating licences. Heineken is also routinely subject to new or modified laws 
and regulations with which it must comply in order to avoid claims, fines and other penalties, which could 
have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken is exposed to antitrust and competition laws in certain jurisdictions and the risk of 
changes in such laws or in the interpretation and enforcement of existing antitrust and competition 
laws 
Heineken is subject to antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Consequently, 
Heineken may be subject to regulatory scrutiny in certain of these jurisdictions. There can be no assurance 
that the introduction of new competition laws in the jurisdictions in which Heineken operates, the 
interpretation of existing antitrust or competition laws or the enforcement of existing antitrust or competition 
laws, or any agreements with antitrust or competition authorities, against Heineken or its subsidiaries, will not 
have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken has exposure to litigation risk 
Companies in the alcoholic beverage industry are, from time to time, exposed to litigation relating to alcohol 
advertising, alcohol abuse programmes or health and societal consequences from the excessive 
consumption of alcohol and to litigation related to product liability issues, including the discovery of 
contaminants in beverage products. Further, increasing restrictions over alcoholic beverages increases the 
risk of non-compliance, which increases the likelihood of litigation claims. Additionally, more supervision by 
regulators and the growing litigation claim culture of the general public may potentially increase the impact of 
non-compliance and the risks of litigation, both financially and on the business reputation of the Heineken 
Group. Any such litigation could have an adverse effect on Heineken's business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
E. INTERNAL CONTROL RELATED RISK 
 
Heineken is reliant on its technology to conduct its business in the different regions in which it 
operates 
Heineken's business increasingly relies on technology, both in the office environment as well as in the 
industrial control domain of its breweries. Failure of its systems, cyber security incidents or a breach in the 
security infrastructure could lead to business disruption, loss of conﬁdential information, breach of data 
privacy regulations, ﬁnancial and reputational damage.  
Heineken's digital footprint is expanding rapidly, in line with the strategy to become the best-connected 
brewer. Heineken is, and will be, more connected with its customers, consumers, suppliers and employees 
than ever. Attacks are becoming more sophisticated and potential consequences are more punitive and 
destructive in nature. A growing number of attacks, most notably increasing cases of malware and phishing, 
have been actively blocked by Heineken's Cyber Defense Operations (CDO) team. Geopolitical tensions 
have led to an increase of hacktivism as well as a slow increase of cyber warfare activities. Both will increase 
the likelihood of a cyber incident. Heineken observes an increase in cyberattacks on its customers as well as 
key suppliers leading to security of supplies concerns. On top of this, regulations continue to place stricter 
security requirements on data processing by Heineken and its ecosystem of partners.  
This is also recognised by global regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), 
where mismanagement of security and data breaches has become ﬁnancially punitive. Although Heineken 
takes preventive measures to protect and secure its information systems, its information systems may be 
vulnerable to different operational and security challenges including telecommunications failures,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
interruptions, security breaches and other types of interference. Heineken has a strict information security 
policy to ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and to guarantee control. Any 
interruptions, failures or breach in the security infrastructure of its systems could have an adverse effect on 
its ability to compete with competitors and harm its reputation as well as disrupt its business, thereby having 
an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Heineken is dependent on the skills of its people and may fail to attract, develop and retain talented 
staff with the required capabilities 
Heineken relies on the skills and capabilities of its people to deliver on its strategic ambitions. If Heineken is 
not successful in intentionally attracting, developing and retaining diverse and talented people with the 
required skills and capabilities, this may jeopardise its capacity to execute its strategy and achieve the 
targeted returns.  
Heineken may not be able to successfully carry out further acquisitions or to integrate acquired 
businesses with its existing businesses 
Historically, Heineken has grown its footprint organically and through mergers and acquisitions, leading to a 
diverse landscape of processes and systems and a low level of centralisation. Deviations from the common 
accounting and reporting processes and related controls could impair the accuracy of the financial and non-
financial data used for reporting and external communication. 
When considering an acquisition, Heineken makes certain estimates as to economic, market and other 
conditions, including estimates relating to the value or potential value of the business to be acquired and the 
potential return on investment. Such estimates may prove to be incorrect, rendering its acquisition 
unsuccessful which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. In any acquisition, Heineken is faced with different cultures, business principles and political, 
economic and social environments. This may affect corporate values, image and quality standards. It may 
also impact the realisation of long-term business plans, including synergy objectives, underlying the value of 
newly acquired companies. Such business integration issues could have an adverse effect on Heineken's 
business, financial condition, accuracy of financial and non-financial reporting and/or results of operations. 
Heineken's digital transformation programmes could temporarily reduce its operational effectiveness 
In recent years, Heineken has engaged in several significant digital transformation programmes. The large 
number of operating companies and Heineken's fragmented data and technology landscape represent a 
specific challenge to these programmes. Furthermore, the pace of change (e.g. disruptive technologies such 
as (Gen)AI) is constantly increasing. These strategic transformation programmes may not deliver the 
expected benefits or may incur significant cost or time overruns, which could have an adverse effect on 
Heineken's business, financial condition and/or results of operations as well as its brand reputation. 
Heineken may not be able to comply with new reporting requirements 
 
Deviations from the common reporting processes and related controls could impair the accuracy of financial 
and non-financial data used for Group reporting and external communications. External non-financial 
reporting requirements are changing fast. Developments in upcoming frameworks like the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (the "CSRD") and the EU taxonomy Regulation are closely monitored and 
when effective, being embedded in the control environment. Heineken is preparing to report under the 
CSRD, effective as of 1 January 2024, by setting up enhanced governance, reporting processes and 
controls. Failure to do so could have an impact on Heineken's reputation. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features:

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks, including EURIBOR and other interest rates and other types 
of benchmarks 
EURIBOR and other interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform. The implementation of the anticipated reforms may 
result in changes to a benchmark's administration, causing it to perform differently than in the past, or to be 
eliminated entirely, or resulting in other consequences which cannot be predicted as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
"benchmark" (including, for example, Floating Rate Notes whose interest rate is linked to EURIBOR or any 
other Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The EU BMR and the UK BMR apply to the provision of benchmarks and contribution of input data to a 
benchmark within the EU or the UK (as applicable) and prevent certain uses by EU- or UK-supervised 
entities (as applicable) of "benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators. 
The EU BMR and the UK BMR, together with other international, national or other reforms, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements and have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". Such reforms could result in 
changes to the manner of administration of "benchmarks", with the result that such "benchmarks" may 
perform differently than in the past (and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level) or may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks".  
The elimination of the EURIBOR or any other benchmark could require an adjustment to the Conditions, as 
further detailed in Condition 4.4, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to EURIBOR 
or any other benchmark. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value and 
return on any such Notes. 
Investors should be aware that if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued or to be otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on 
the manner in which the EURIBOR (or such other benchmark) benchmark is to be determined under the 
relevant Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for the EURIBOR (or such other benchmark) which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the 
rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR (or such other benchmark) was available (see 
Condition 4.4 for further details). Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR (or such other benchmark). 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option (which right may be subject to certain 
conditions precedent), this may generally limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds (if any) in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
In addition, in the case of Notes where Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, 
redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer's 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event 
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by 
the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Such feature, which makes 
an announced redemption uncertain, may further limit the market value of the Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO CERTAIN TERMS AND FEATURES OF THE NOTES  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification and which permit the Issuer 
to agree to the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the 
Issuer, in each case without the consent of all investors and without regard to the individual interests 
of particular Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally, or otherwise to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Agent may, without the consent of Noteholders being required and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders agree to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard 
of the interest of the Noteholders, agree to substitution of another company as principal debtor under any 
Notes in place of the Issuer in the circumstances described in Condition 15. 
While the Notes are in global form and held within the clearing systems, investors will have to rely on 
the procedures and operations of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any alternative 
clearing system) in order to receive payments and take certain other actions in respect of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") (or an alternative clearing system). Except in the 
circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. 
Each relevant clearing system and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their 
respective participants.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary or the common safekeeper, as applicable, for the 
relevant clearing systems for distribution to the relevant account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
(such as €100,000) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount (such as €1,000), it 
is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of the Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note (as defined under "Forms of the 
Notes" below) in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Dutch law or administrative 
practice 
The Conditions are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact 
the value of any Notes affected by it. 
C. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk (including in relation to "benchmark" indices) and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid, which could result in increased price volatility for the Notes. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, the market price of any Notes may be affected by a 
range of factors, including (without limitation) any deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit 
standing of the Issuer (including in the event of changes in any ratings assigned to the Issuer or the Notes by 
a credit rating agency), movements in currency exchange rates and other macro-economic factors. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an 
equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation 
particularly in the context of the current low interest rate environment and expectations that inflation 
may rise in the future as a consequence of quantitative easing and expansionary monetary policy  
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the real rate 
of interest on an investment in the Notes will be reduced if inflation rates increase (which is increasingly more 
likely given the magnitude of quantitative easing and expansionary monetary policy of various major central 
banks) and may even be negative if the inflation rate rises above the nominal rate of interest on the Notes 
(which is also more likely given historically low interest rates). In this scenario, the value of the Notes will be 
adversely affected as comparative investments which provide a real rate of interest in excess of the real rate 
of interest earned on the Notes will be more attractive. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes and may be subject to change 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and/or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Issuer or the ratings 
assigned to Notes already issued under the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. Any such suspension, reduction or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the 
relevant Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, UK regulated investors are 
required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit 
rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by UK-registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation; subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the 
case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided that 
the relevant conditions are satisfied. If the status of rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes 
of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and declares that, having taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
as completed by the Final Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any 
supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Agent or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to any Notes, 
see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S and by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and by 
U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €20,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale"))). The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The information on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains information sourced from third parties, where indicated with references to 
third party sources herein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended or superseded (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of each issue whether, for the purposes of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not subject 
to the MiFID II Product Governance Rules and will not make or be responsible for any target market 
assessment.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SFA  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under section 
309B(1) of the SFA" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (as modified or amended from time to time, the 
"SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms 
will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the EEA; references to "€", "EUR" and "euro" are to the single currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended; references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$ " and "USD" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America; references to "£" and "Pounds sterling" are to the lawful currency 
of the UK; references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland; references to 
"SGD" and "Singapore dollars" are to the lawful currency of Singapore; and references to "JPY" and 
"Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures) ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") are included in this Base Prospectus. See 
"Glossary" below for more information. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its 
financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023, prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") as endorsed by the EU, including the information set out at the following pages of the 
Issuer's 
2023 
Annual 
Report: 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-
corp/files/heineken-corp/investors/our-2022-annual-report/heineken-n-v-annual-report-2023-final-
22feb24.pdf;  
 
2023 
Consolidated Income Statement .............................................................................................
page 75 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income .....................................................
page 75 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.........................................................................
page 76 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................................................
page 77 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity........................................................................
page 78 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ....................................................................
pages 79-124 
Independent Auditor's Report on the audit of the Financial Statements 2023 of the Issuer ....
pages 198-204 
 
 
(b) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the EU, including the 
information 
set 
out 
at 
the 
following 
pages 
of 
the 
Issuer's 
2022 
Annual 
Report: 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-corp/investors/results-
reports-webcasts-presentations/2023/heineken-nv-ar-2022-23-02-2023-1.pdf;  
 
2022 
Consolidated Income Statement .............................................................................................
page 71 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income .....................................................
page 71 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.........................................................................
page 72 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................................................
page 73 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity........................................................................
page 74 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ....................................................................
pages 75-118 
Independent Auditor's Report on the audit of the Financial Statements 2022 of the Issuer ....
pages 185-190 
 
 
(c) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" from the following base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme:  
(i) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
7 
March 
2012 
(pages 
27-57 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2012.pdf;  
(ii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
7 
March 
2013 
(pages 
44-72 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2013.PDF;

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
(iii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
12 
March 
2015 
(pages 
45-75 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2015.pdf;   
(iv) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
8 
March 
2016 
(pages 
44-74 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2016.pdf;  
(v) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
3 
March 
2017 
(pages 
44-73 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2017.pdf; 
(vi) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
12 
March 
2018 
(pages 
26-55 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2018.pdf;  
(vii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
12 
March 
2020 
(pages 
31-65 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-base-
prospectus-2020.pdf;  
(viii) Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
1 
April 
2022 
(pages 
31-62 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/emtn-2022-prospectus.pdf; 
and 
(ix) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
31 
March 
2023 
(pages 
31-62 
inclusive), 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/heineken-corp/files/heineken-
corp/investors/bondholder-information/bonds/base-prospectuses/heineken-emtn-update-2023-
base-prospectus.pdf.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified in paragraph (a), (b) and (c) above, which is not 
listed in the cross reference list above and as such is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus are available from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and, upon 
request, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agent 
for the time being in Luxembourg.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global Note in bearer form (a 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global Note in bearer form (a 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the relevant Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") 
are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date (the "Exchange Date") of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments due on or after the Exchange Date will be 
made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the nominal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Agent at its specified office; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The nominal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the nominal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the nominal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial nominal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at the option of the Issuer (exercisable at any time) or at 
the request of the bearer, on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then (a) if both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system are closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no alternative clearing system chosen by the Issuer and notified to the Agent is 
available, or (b) if any of the circumstances described in Condition 9 as an Event of Default occurs 
and is continuing, or (c) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes not in global form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the 
nominal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Agent, in the case of (i) above, on and after 
the expiry of the relevant notice period and, in the case of (ii) above, within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
exchange following the occurrence of an event described in (ii)(a) or (b) and 30 days after notice is given by 
the Issuer, in the case of (ii)(c). 
The exchange at the option of the Issuer/at the request of the bearer option referred to in (i) above should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes comprises a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date (the 
"Exchange Date") of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments due on or after the Exchange Date will be made under the Temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the 
nominal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
presentation and, in the case of final exchange, surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of 
the Agent. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, such Notes should not be issued in denominations comprising a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable and specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at the option of the Issuer (exercisable at any time) or at 
the request of the bearer, on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then (a) if both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system are closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no alternative clearing system chosen by the Issuer and notified to the Agent is 
available, or (b) if any of the circumstances described in Condition 9 as an Event of Default occurs

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
and is continuing, or (c) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes not in global form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the 
nominal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Agent, in the case of (i) above, on and after 
the expiry of the relevant notice period and, in the case of (ii) above, within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
exchange following the occurrence of an event described in (ii)(a) or (b) and 30 days after notice is given by 
the Issuer, in the case of (ii)(c). 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
NGNs 
In respect of Notes represented by a Global Note issued in NGN form, the nominal amount of such Notes 
shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (the "ICSDs"). The records of the ICSDs shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of 
such Notes and a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of such parties at that time. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with the ICSDs in respect of any Notes issued in NGN form that 
the Issuer may request be made eligible for settlement with the ICSDs (the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain 
records of their respective portion of the issued outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer's request, 
produce a statement for the Issuer's use showing the total nominal amount of its customer holding of such 
Notes as of a specified date.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and Definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Heineken N.V. (the "Issuer") issued 
pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 2 April 
2024 (such Fiscal Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer, and BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent, paying agent and calculation agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest-bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to “Noteholders” shall mean the holders of the 
Notes, and shall in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of Coupons, and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of Talons. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered 
office for the time being of the specified office of the Paying Agent. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from 
those offices save that, with respect to the European Economic Area ("EEA"), if this Note is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity. Furthermore, with respect to the United Kingdom ("UK"), if this Note is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the UK nor offered in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), the applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the "Specified Currency") and in the denomination(s) (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall 
not be liable for so treating such bearer but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. In determining whether a particular person is entitled to 
a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Paying Agent may rely on such evidence 
and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so 
rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and any relative Coupons shall, save for such

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation (and subject to Condition 3), at all times 
rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(a) 
the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present 
or future to secure any Relevant Debt or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Debt; and 
(b) 
the Issuer will procure that no Subsidiary of the Issuer will create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its 
undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant Debt or any 
guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and any relative 
Coupons, (aa) are secured equally and rateably therewith, or (bb) have the benefit of such other 
security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement  as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Excluded Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
which has been established solely to conduct the business of and any ancillary activities 
relating to securitisation or such similar financing of assets held by it; and 
(ii) 
none of whose liabilities in respect of such financing are the subject of a Security Interest 
created or permitted to subsist by the Issuer or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest over or affecting the whole or part of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of any entity which becomes 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes, where such Security Interest was created prior to the date on which 
such an entity becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, but only if (A) such Security Interest was 
not created in contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer and (B) the 
amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the date of, 
such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest (the "Replacement Security Interest") created in whole or in part to 
replace or renew or in substitution for any Security Interest created by a company referred to 
in (i) of this paragraph (the "Old Security Interest") upon a refinancing or similar transaction 
where the Replacement Security Interest is created in respect of the same business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues as the Old Security Interest and where the amount secured 
by the Replacement Security Interest is equal to or less than the amount secured by the Old 
Security Interest; and 
(iii) 
any Security Interest created by an Excluded Subsidiary over its assets to secure any 
Relevant Debt of that Excluded Subsidiary, provided that the aggregate amount of all such 
Relevant Debt so secured and outstanding from time to time does not exceed €1,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency. 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, 
notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or other securities market. 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or 
security interest.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
"Subsidiary" means an entity in which a person: 
(i) 
holds beneficially (directly or indirectly) more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital (or 
similar rights of ownership); or 
(ii) 
holds beneficially (directly or indirectly) the right to control the composition of the majority of its 
board of directors (or equivalent body) or controls the majority of the voting rights, in each 
case, whether through the ownership of voting capital or by contract. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a person will not have "control" as specified in paragraph (ii) above 
where that person has joint control. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which expression shall, in the 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, any day on which the real 
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system, ("T2") is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate 
Determination. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 4.4, if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Condition 4.2(b)(i)(A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
4.2(b)(i)(B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Relevant Time, the Issuer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer shall request the principal London office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards)

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent. 
Subject to Condition 4.4., if on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and 
at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to the Euro-zone interbank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
(ii) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Interest Determination Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified, and if the Reference Rate is the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), the second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
"Margin" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" shall mean: 
(i) 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any other Reference Rate, the principal office in the Relevant Financial 
Centre of four major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, 
in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" shall mean (i) EURIBOR, or (ii) any other rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, or (ii) such other financial centre, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" shall mean such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
"Relevant Time" shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., or (ii) such other time, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)+ [30 𝑥 (𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)]
360
   
where:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)+ [30 𝑥 (𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)]
360
   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)+ [30 𝑥 (𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+ (𝐷2− 𝐷1)]
360
   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided, however, that 
if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
4.4 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If any Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, or, if a 
Successor Rate is not available, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4.4(c)), and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.4(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 
shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of wilful misconduct or gross negligence) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made pursuant to this Condition 4.4. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 4.4 prior to the Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
immediately following Interest Period shall be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 4.4 shall apply to the 
immediately following Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.4. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.4(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.4) 
and be deemed to be the Original Reference Rate such that in case the Successor Rate 
were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, this would constitute a Benchmark Event; 
or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4.4) and be deemed to be the Original Reference Rate such 
that in case the Alternative Rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, this would 
constitute a Benchmark Event. 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.4 and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.4(e), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Following any Benchmark Amendment, if it becomes generally accepted market practice in the area 
of publicly listed new issues of notes to use a benchmark rate of interest which is different from the 
Alternative Rate or Successor Rate which had already been adopted by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes pursuant to any Benchmark Amendment, the Issuer is entitled to apply a further Benchmark 
Amendment in line with such generally accepted market practice pursuant to this Condition 4.4. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4 shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent and the other Paying Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Agent and the other Paying Agents, a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4.4; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer, as the case may be, under Condition 4.4 (a), (b), 
(c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4.1 
and 4.2 will continue to apply unless and until the Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 4.4(e). 
(g) 
Definitions 
As used in this condition 4.4:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or  
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser has 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) which has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(d). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within the following six 
months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate is or will be as of a certain date, no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market and that such representativeness will not be restored; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for the Agent, the other Paying Agents or the 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Original Reference Rate with respect to the 
Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
4.4(a). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (x) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or an intergovernmental 
agreement, including any laws implementing such an agreement, between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any 
additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, any day on which T2 is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.8); 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes (other than Notes in respect of which the Issuer shall have given a notice of redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 prior to any notice being given under this Condition 6.2) may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment is 
officially published and becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent a certificate signed by any member of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
obligation referred to in (a) cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it and the Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of 
the condition precedent set out in (b) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(a) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
and 
(b) 
not less than 5 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the  
Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding (other than Notes in respect of which the Issuer shall have 
given a notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2, 6.4 or 6.5 prior to any notice being given 
under this Condition 6.3) on any Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Optional 
Redemption Amount will be either the amount per Calculation Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such redemption may, at the Issuer's 
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption 
shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or 
all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. 
In this Condition:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
"Benchmark Rate" means the benchmark rate calculated on the Calculation Date and determined 
by the Quotation Agent based on the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity of the Benchmark Security, assuming a price for the Benchmark 
Security (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Benchmark Security Price 
for the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
"Benchmark Security" means the benchmark security/securities specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Benchmark Security Price" means the arithmetic average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Benchmark Security (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at such time on the Calculation Date as shall be specified in the Final Terms; 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.2(a)(i)) prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date; 
"Make-Whole Margin" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(a) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Redeemed Notes (as defined below) 
and (y) the sum of then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on the Redeemed Notes to the Issuer Maturity Call Date (excluding any interest 
accruing on the Redeemed Notes to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on a semi-annual or annual basis (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) at a rate equal to the Make-Whole Redemption Rate; and 
(b) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Redeemed Notes to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent;  
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the sum of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-Whole 
Margin; and 
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter referred 
to as the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will 
be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(a) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(b) 
not less than 5 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, or 
some only, of the Notes then outstanding (other than Notes in respect of which the Issuer shall have 
given a notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2, 6.3 or 6.5 prior to any notice being given to 
Noteholders under this Condition 6.4) at any time during the period commencing on (and including) 
the Issuer Maturity Call Date to (and excluding the Maturity Date), at the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
In this Condition 6, the "Issuer Maturity Call Date" means the date to be defined in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4 and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days 
prior to the Selection Date. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Clean-up Call) 
If Issuer Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being a percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of that particular Series of Notes (including any Notes which have been consolidated and form a 
single Series therewith)) have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, having given:  
(a) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
and 
(b) 
not less than 5 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes then outstanding (other than Notes in respect of which the Issuer shall 
have given a notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 prior to any notice being 
given under this Condition 6.5) on the date specified in such notice at the Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.   
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Acquisition Call) 
If Issuer Acquisition Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition 
Event has occurred, the Issuer may, on giving (i) not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; and (ii) not less than 5 days notice to the Agent, in 
each case during the Acquisition Option Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), at its 
option, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Acquisition Call 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to, 
but excluding, the Issuer Acquisition Call Date (as defined below). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
such notice in accordance with this Condition (the "Issuer Acquisition Call Date"). Any such 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the 
Issuer's discretion, the Issuer Acquisition Call Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may 
not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Issuer Acquisition Call Date, or by the Issuer Acquisition Call Date 
so delayed. 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
an "Acquisition Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the 
Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition 
of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced to the 
market that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target.  
6.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
(a) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (other than a Change of Control Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.7(a) 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the 
same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation 
accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.7(a) shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and 
the Noteholder has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.7(a). 
(b) 
Change of Control Put 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 
6.7(b) shall apply. 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 6.7(b)(v) below, a "Put Event" will be deemed to occur if:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(A) 
any Person or group of Persons acting in concert gains control of the Issuer ("Change 
of Control"); and 
(B) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (i) the date of 
the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (ii) the date of the 
earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry 
from any Rating Agency: 
(1) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB–, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently 
(in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated, 
in either case, to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(2) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB being 
one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated, in either case, to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency, or 
(3) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control 
Period an investment grade credit rating to the Notes, 
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit rating from 
more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then sub-
paragraph (1) will apply to the exclusion of sub-paragraph (2), such that any change in a 
non-investment grade credit rating from another Rating Agency shall be disregarded for 
the purposes of Condition 6.7(b); and 
(C) 
in making the relevant decision referred to in (B)(1) or (2) above (if applicable), the 
relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders that such decision resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of 
the Change of Control (whether or not the Change of Control shall have occurred at the 
time such decision is made) or the Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement. 
(ii) 
If a Put Event occurs (unless the Issuer has given notice under Condition 6.2), each 
Noteholder shall have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase (or propose the purchase of) that Note on the Put Date (as defined below) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption or purchase. Such option (the "Put Option") shall operate as set out in 
this Condition 6.7(b). 
(iii) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option. 
(iv) 
To exercise the Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if it is in definitive form and held 
outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period 
(the "Put Period") of not less than 30 and not more than 60 days after a Put Event Notice is 
given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put Notice") 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 6.7(b) accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Change of Control Put Notice, be held to 
its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form 
and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the Put Option, the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
holder of this Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will 
issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so 
delivered. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly 
specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, 
on the date which is 7 days after the expiration of the Put Period (the "Put Date") by transfer 
to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Put Date against presentation 
and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent. 
Any Change of Control Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note 
pursuant to this Condition 6.7(b) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Noteholder has declared the Notes to 
be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9, in which event such holder, at its option, may 
elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.7(b). 
Receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6.7(b) shall be treated as if they were Notes. The 
Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Put 
Date unless previously redeemed and cancelled or purchased. 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6.7(b), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 and not 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Put Date, redeem 
or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at their 
principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption or 
purchase. 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's or S&P are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (i) above, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, 
the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody's or S&P or such Substitute Rating 
Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's or 
S&P and paragraph (i) shall be read accordingly. 
(v) 
A Change of Control shall not apply to the acquisition of control by family members or 
successors by inheritance of the current ultimate owner of the Issuer or by companies owned 
by such family members or successors by inheritance or by trusts of which they are 
beneficiaries and no Put Event shall be deemed to have occurred in such circumstances. 
(vi) 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.7(b): 
"acting in concert" means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal); 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the 
Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the 
period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, 
rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement 
of such consideration); 
"control" means the acquisition of or right or option to acquire: 
(i) 
beneficial ownership (directly or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the issued share 
capital (or voting power) of the Issuer; or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(ii) 
beneficial ownership (directly or indirectly) of the right to control the composition of the 
majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or the majority of its voting rights, in each 
case, whether through the ownership of voting capital or by contract; 
"Optional Redemption Amount" shall mean the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof; 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Italia S.r.l. ("Moody's") or S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited("S&P"), or their respective successors or any rating agency (a "Substituted Rating 
Agency") substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time; and 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any formal public 
announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto 
relating to any potential Change of Control where within 90 days following the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 and 6.5 above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at 
its nominal amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be 
reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6 or 6.7 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 6.5(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Netherlands other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon;  
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5);  
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction in whole or in part by presenting a form or certificate and/or by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other claim for exemption or reduction but fails to do 
so; or 
(d) 
where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used herein, "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims for payment in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of five years from the date on which such payment first became 
due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing, 
any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare to the Issuer that any Notes held by that holder to be 
forthwith immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of prepayment without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of 
any kind being required: 
(a) 
Non-Payment  
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal and 15 days in 
the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
if the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in 
respect of the Notes upon notice to such effect being given to the Issuer, which default is 
incapable of remedy, or the failure continues for a period of 45 days after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
if (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
for or in respect of moneys borrowed becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of default, event of default or the like (howsoever described) or (ii) any such 
indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, 
or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys 
borrowed provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph 
(c) have occurred and remains unpaid or undischarged equals or exceeds (x) €200,000,000 
or, if greater, (y) 1 per cent. of Total Group Assets, or their equivalent in any other currency; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
if a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against the whole or a substantial part of the assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 45 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced 
if any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries over the whole or a substantial part 
of the undertaking, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or 
the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar 
person in respect thereof) and is not discharged or stayed within 45 days; or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(f) 
Insolvency 
if (i) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure, application or step is taken by 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for it being declared in bankruptcy (faillissement), 
or in suspension of payments (surséance van betaling) or in emergency regulation  
(irrespective of whether that procedure is provisional or final) or (ii) the Issuer of any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is declared in bankruptcy (faillissement), or in suspension of payments 
(surséance van betaling) or in emergency regulation (irrespective of whether that procedure is 
provisional or final) or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries offers or enters into a 
composition with all its creditors generally (buitengerechtelijk akkoord); or 
(g) 
Winding-up 
if an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
(ontbinding) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) 
on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, or (iii) in 
the case of a Material Subsidiary, pursuant to a voluntary solvent winding-up where surplus 
assets are available for distribution. For the purposes of this provision, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to have ceased to carry out all or substantially all of its business or operations if it has 
disposed of assets which account for at least 80 per cent. of its consolidated assets as of the 
latest balance sheet date prior to such disposal; or 
(h) 
Analogous Events 
if any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs (d) to (g). 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net turnover on ordinary 
activities (excluding intra-Group items) accounts for at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated net 
turnover on ordinary activities of the Group. 
For this purpose: 
(i) 
the net turnover on ordinary activities of a Subsidiary of the Issuer will be determined by its 
financial statements (on a consolidated basis if that Subsidiary itself has Subsidiaries) upon 
which the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been based; 
(ii) 
if a Subsidiary of the Issuer becomes a member of the Group after the date on which the latest 
audited financial statements of the Group have been prepared, the net turnover on ordinary 
activities of that Subsidiary (calculated on a consolidated basis if that Subsidiary itself has 
Subsidiaries) will be determined from its latest financial statements; 
(iii) 
the net turnover on ordinary activities of the Group will be determined from its latest audited 
financial statements; and 
(iv) 
if a Material Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another Subsidiary of 
the Issuer, it will immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is 
not already) will immediately become a Material Subsidiary and the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries are Material Subsidiaries or not.  
The Issuer shall give to the Agent within 180 days of its annual audited financial statements being 
made available to its shareholders and also within 180 days of a request being made by the Agent or 
any Noteholder a certificate signed by any member of the Executive Board of the Issuer listing those

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Subsidiaries which as at the last day of the last financial year of the Issuer or as at the date specified 
in such request were Material Subsidiaries. Such certificate will be made available by the Agent for 
inspection by the Noteholders and on the website of the Issuer. 
"substantial part", in Conditions 9.1(d) and (e) above, means 20 per cent. or more of the whole. In 
the case of assets of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, this shall be determined by reference to the 
total assets of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, on a consolidated 
basis. In the case of revenues of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, this shall be determined by 
reference to net turnover on ordinary activities of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
the case may be, on a consolidated basis. In the case of both assets and revenues of the Issuer or a 
Material Subsidiary, the determination as to whether something is a "substantial part" shall be made 
by reference to the latest audited financial statements of the Issuer (for the Issuer) or the latest 
financial statements (audited, if available, and on a consolidated basis if that Subsidiary itself has 
Subsidiaries) of the Material Subsidiary (for a Material Subsidiary). 
"Total Group Assets" means the total assets of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, as shown in its 
then latest audited annual financial statements or (if more recently prepared and published) its then 
latest unaudited interim financial statements. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) on the website of 
the Issuer or (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com). It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have 
been given on such date. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 25 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of not less than 90 per cent. of the 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under 
the Agency Agreement will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is not, in the opinion of the Agent, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Agent shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever 
their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of 
any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to 
the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Agent shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, 
the Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of 
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution 
for, Condition 7 pursuant to Agency Agreement. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being 
required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, be 
replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer 
(the "Substituted Debtor") as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative 
Coupons provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the "Documents") and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the 
Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named in the Notes, and the relative Coupons, the Agency Agreement 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the 
Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be 
unconditional and irrevocable, (the "Guarantee") in favour of each Noteholder and each 
holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Notes 
and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses (provided that insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having 
legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution 
becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder as a result 
of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been so 
incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes 
or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political 
sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder or 
Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have 
been so imposed had such substitution not been made);

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor 
and the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and the performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals 
and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed to the Issuer 
that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor such Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Substituted Debtor has the capacity, power and authority to 
enter into the Documents and to perform its obligation thereunder, and that the 
Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, 
such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and 
Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a 
legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a 
legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents 
(including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant 
Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor 
the Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution 
for individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 
15(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes 
and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to 
the notification as referred to in paragraph (e) below having been given, the Substituted 
Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer and the Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be 
deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents 
shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under the Notes and the 
relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of Noteholders and 
Couponholders. 
(d) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or 
Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted 
Debtor by any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons 
or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of 
any of the Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(e) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Dutch 
law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of Amsterdam. The Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection 
therewith) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders and the Couponholders may take 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceedings 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include financing acquisitions. If, in respect of any Tranche, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds this will, to the extent required, be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended or 
superseded (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Professional investors and ECPs only target market: Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID 
II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt, references in this paragraph to "manufacturer" 
do not refer to the Issuer who is not subject to MiFID II.] 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
 
1 
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA  Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not                          
 
Applicable".

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SFA: Solely for the purposes of discharging its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]3 
 
 
 
3 
If the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate notes, the product classification of the Notes as 
"prescribed capital markets products" under the SFA may need to be reassessed.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
[Date] 
HEINEKEN N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500K5PTPSST86UQ23 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of [Regulation (EU) 2017/129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")]/[the Prospectus Regulation] (the 
"Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] 
dated [date] [and [date]]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and copies may be obtained, during normal business hours, from [the office of BNP 
Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, at 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg]/[address].] 
 [The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [7 March 2012] [7 March 2013] [12 
March 2015] [8 March 2016] [3 March 2017] [12 March 2018] [12 March 2020] [1 April 2022] [31 March 2023] 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 2 April 2024 (the "Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")]/[the Prospectus Regulation] and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] dated [date] [and [date]]] [has] [have] 
been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies may be 
obtained, during normal business hours, from [the office of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, at 60 avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg]/[address].] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated 
and 
form 
a 
single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[        ] [[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
(N.B. the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or in the UK or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which 
would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation must be EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify date]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) [        ] to 
(but excluding) [        ]:] 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Reference Rate] +/- [        ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph[(s)] [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) [        ] to 
(but excluding) [        ]: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Reference Rate] +/- [        ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [        ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
10. Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[See paragraph 8 above] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Call] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[Issuer Acquisition Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[(see paragraph [16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] [and [        ]] in each year, commencing on 
[        ], up to and including the Maturity Date 
[There will be a [long/short] [first/last] coupon in 
respect of the period from and including [        ] to but 
excluding [        ].] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
[        ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
[[Long/short] [first/last] coupon: [        ] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [        ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[[        ], [        ], [        ] and [        ] in each year, 
commencing on the Interest Payment Date falling in 
[        ], up to and including the Maturity Date, in each 
case subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified below]/ [        ]] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate, Relevant 
Time and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [        ] month [currency] [EURIBOR/ 
[        ]] 
Relevant Time: [[        ] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre 
Relevant Financial Centre: [Brussels  /[        ]] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long]/[short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[[(1)] Make-Whole Redemption Option:] Any date from 
and including the Issue Date to but excluding [        ] 
the "Par Call Date")]/[[[(2)] Issuer Call:] Any date from 
and including [        ]/[the Par Call Date] to but 
excluding [        ]/[Maturity Date]] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[[(1)] Make-Whole Redemption Option:] Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount]/[[[(2)] Issuer Call:] [        ] per 
Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Quotation Agent: 
[        ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Discounting basis for the 
purposes of calculating the 
sum of the present values of 
the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and 
interest on Redeemed Notes 
in the determination of the 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount: 
[Annual]/[Semi-annual] 
 
 
(iii) 
Benchmark 
Security/Securities: 
[        ] 
(Specify details of benchmark security/securities, with 
appropriate securities identification number) 
 
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Margin: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(v) 
Timing for calculation of 
Benchmark Security Price: 
[        ] [a.m.] [p.m.] on [        ] [(Central European Time) 
on the third Business Day prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
17. Issuer Maturity Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)
 
(a) 
Issuer Maturity Call Date: 
[[        ] months prior to the Maturity Date]/[        ] 
 
(b) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
18. Issuer Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)
 
(a) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[        ] per cent. 
 
(b) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
19. Issuer Acquisition Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Acquisition Target: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(d) 
Acquisition Option Period: 
The period from [[]/ [the Issue Date]] to[[]/the 
Acquisition Completion Date] 
 
20. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
[        ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
in the Conditions): 
21. Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the subparagraph below) 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[Subject to paragraph 16(b),][        ] per Calculation 
Amount 
22. Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(N.B. the Final Redemption amount must be at least 
100 per cent. of the nominal value) 
 
23. Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, pursuant 
to the Issuer Clean-up Call or on an event 
of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. Form of the Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [at the option of the Issuer exercisable 
at any time or at the request of the bearer on the expiry 
of [        ] days' notice]/[in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [at the option of the Issuer exercisable at any 
time or at the request of the bearer on the expiry of 
[        ] days' notice]/[in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
 
[Definitive Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
another 
institution 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian law of 14 December 2005 on the abolition of 
securities in bearer form.] (Consider including this 
wording if the Notes are being offered in Belgium) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
25. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
26. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made/No]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Heineken N.V.: 
 
By: 
 ........................................... 
 
Duly authorised 
 
By: 
 ........................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [        ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[        ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of the total expenses related to 
the admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes to be issued have 
been rated [        ] by [        ]] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
 
[[        ] is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended. As such, [        ] is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[        ] is not established in the European Union 
and is not registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended. [        ] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[        ] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied 
for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [        ] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [        ] is established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. As 
such, [        ] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.] [The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan/ Australia/ the USA/ Canada/ Hong Kong/ 
Singapore/ Argentina/ Mexico/UK] which have been 
endorsed by [        ] may be used in the EU by the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
relevant market participants.] 
 
 
[[        ] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied 
for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
[[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation] [[OR:] 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[        ] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
[[        ] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended, although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and [        ] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[        ] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied 
for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [        ], 
which is established in the European Union, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of 
[        ] [, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[        ] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation].] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan/ Australia/ the USA/ Canada/ Hong Kong/ 
Singapore/ Argentina/ Mexico/ UK] which have 
been endorsed by [        ] may be used in the EU by 
the relevant market participants.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.]/[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" section in the Base Prospectus]/[       ]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
5. 
TOTAL NET PROCEEDS OF THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Total net proceeds: 
[       ] 
6. 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[        ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[        ] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[Not Applicable] / [[include code,] [a]/[As set out on 
the website of the 
Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable] / [[include code,] [a]/[As set out on 
the website of the 
Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (together with the address 
of each such clearing system) and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
(viii) 
Trade date: 
[      ]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
[Managers/Dealers]: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[      ] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[TEFRA D Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes being offered do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified unless 
the Issuer has drawn up a key information 
document 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
PRIIPs 
Regulation) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
10.
BENCHMARKS: 
 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended][the FCA 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011, 
as 
amended][ 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018].]/[Not Applicable]4 
 
 
 
4  
Include if there is any change to the administrator already specified in the Base Prospectus with respect to a benchmark pursuant to Article 36 
of the EU BMR and or UK BMR.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
HEINEKEN N.V.  
Group Business Description  
Heineken is a leading international brewer, tracing its roots back to 1864, when Mr. Gerard Adriaan 
Heineken purchased a brewery in Amsterdam. Following this acquisition, Heineken was incorporated under 
the laws of the Netherlands on 27 January 1873. 
Heineken is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap). Heineken is domiciled in the 
Netherlands and operates under the laws of the Netherlands. Heineken's subsidiaries, where applicable, 
operate under the laws of the various jurisdictions in which they carry on business. 
Heineken's shares were listed for the first time on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Euronext Amsterdam) on 
6 January 1939. Heineken is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and is registered at the 
Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under number 33011433. The legal entity identifier 
of 
Heineken 
is 
724500K5PTPSST86UQ23. 
Heineken's 
registered 
office 
address 
is 
Tweede 
Weteringplantsoen 21, 1017 ZD, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Heineken's telephone number is: +31 20 523 
92 39. Heineken's internet address is: www.theheinekencompany.com. 
The principal object of Heineken, which is set out in Article 2 of its Articles of Association (available at 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/governance/articles-association), is to participate in and 
manage other enterprises, companies and consortiums, the financing thereof and to provide security for 
debts of Group companies and everything connected therewith, all in the broadest sense. 
Company and Strategy 
Heineken is a proud, independent and responsible brewer, committed to surprising and exciting consumers 
with its brands and products everywhere. The brand that bears the founder's family name – Heineken® – is 
available in almost every country and is a world leader in the international premium segment. 
Heineken is a leading international brewer, developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. 
Heineken is committed to innovation, long-term brand investment, disciplined sales execution and focused 
cost management. Heineken has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both 
developed and developing markets. Heineken has an internationally diverse, dynamic, committed and 
entrepreneurial team of over 90,000 employees and operates breweries, malteries, cider plants and other 
production facilities in more than 70 countries. 
Heineken launched its EverGreen strategy with the goal to future-proof the business, adapt to new external 
dynamics and emerge stronger from the COVID-19 crisis. EverGreen is a bold strategy to deliver superior 
and balanced growth and the next evolution of the Heineken business. The EverGreen strategy has been 
built on a value creation model called the 'Green Diamond'. This value creation model puts growth, profit and 
capital on equal footing with sustainability and responsibility. 
The EverGreen strategy is built around five business priorities and represents the multi-year strategy of 
Heineken, allowing Heineken to adapt to a fast-changing world and grow stronger. EverGreen is a journey of 
both continuity and change, building on what has made Heineken what it is today and what is needed next. 
EverGreen meets short-term challenges and will ensure the long-term sustainability of the business to create 
lasting value for Heineken's stakeholders. 
The five business priorities are: 
Shape the future of beer and beyond 
Heineken aims to drive superior growth by shaping the future of beer and beyond, being obsessively 
consumer and customer centric. Heineken is focused on premiumisation and innovation, extending beer into 
non-alcoholic, flavoured and less bitter variants, and exploring beyond beer with cider and refreshing line 
extensions.  
Fund the growth, fuel the profit  
Heineken's growth algorithm aims to deliver superior, balanced growth enabled by incremental investments 
behind the power of its brands, digital transformation, capabilities and sustainability objectives. Heineken is 
bringing balance to its growth, investing behind the power of its brands which enables Heineken to price

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
responsibly. To fund the growth and offset inflationary pressures, Heineken is structurally addressing its cost 
base and building a cost-conscious culture. Heineken is embedding this into an ongoing continuum of 
productivity improvements to fuel profit growth ahead of revenue growth over time.  
Raise the bar on sustainability and responsibility 
In 2021, Heineken stepped up its ambition in sustainability and responsibility when Heineken announced its 
Brew a Better World 2030 strategy. The approach has three pillars, which guide Heineken on the path to 
zero impact on the environment, an inclusive fair and equitable world, and moderation and no harmful use. 
Heineken is supporting delivery through sustainability-linked long-term incentives for all its leaders and fully 
integrated performance management across all operations globally. 
Become the best connected brewer 
Heineken wants to become the best connected, most relevant brewer for customers and consumers living in 
the digital age. To achieve this, Heineken is digitally transforming its business and modernising its 
technology landscape at the same time. Heineken has increased investments in its digital transformation to 
build a future-proof company.  
Unlock the full potential of our people 
Heineken stands by its purpose of 'brewing the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world', and 
Heineken brings it to life by promoting true human connections and a 'we' culture amongst its people. People 
are at the heart of the business. The success depends on the ability to respond to changing market 
conditions while staying true to Heineken's values: passion, courage, care and enjoyment.  
Heineken is among the largest brewers in the world with total consolidated beer volume of 243 million 
hectolitres in 2023. Heineken operates in over 70 countries through more than 168 breweries, malteries, 
cider plants and other production facilities and also through other brewers under licence. Heineken also has 
a strong export business, which is carried out mainly from the Netherlands, Mexico and Singapore. The 
production and sale of beer represents Heineken's main source of income and cash flow. Heineken is also 
engaged in complementary businesses to its beer business, such as beverage distribution and the 
production of cider, soft drinks and other alcohol products. Heineken enjoys strong market positions and an 
efficient cost structure in many countries by combining the production, marketing and sale of Heineken's 
international brands and products with that of a range of prominent local beer brands. 
Led by the Heineken® brand, the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international, regional, local and 
specialty beers and ciders. The international brands (Amstel, Lagunitas, Sol, Tiger, Edelweiss and Birra 
Moretti) are supplemented and supported by strong national and regional brands, and a range of speciality 
beers, light beers (low-calorie beers), ciders and alcohol-free beers. Market leading positions have been built 
by developing a cohesive portfolio of strong brands, which offer high added value for Heineken's customers 
and consumers. 
Throughout most of Heineken's international markets, the quality and image of the Heineken® brand enables 
it to be positioned as a premium product. Heineken always looks to position its products at the higher added 
value end of the marketplace and it has a limited presence in the range of low-priced products. 
In terms of distribution, Heineken seeks to achieve optimum availability of its products in each market 
through alliances with independent distributors and/or via its own direct distribution and wholesale 
operations. Heineken has strong networks of owned wholesalers in Europe representing the largest physical 
marketplace for beverages in the continent, which also supply (in addition to beer) a range of soft drinks, 
wines and spirits to the on-trade channel (i.e. restaurants, hotels, bars and cafeterias). The wholesale 
subsidiary companies specialise in distributing a full range of beverages which enables Heineken to forge a 
direct link with the on-premises outlets. Heineken also produces soft drinks, generally where this 
manufacturing activity complements the production and distribution of its beers. Innovation in products and 
draught systems supports the competitive position of the corporate brands. In pursuit of its commitment to 
better serve its consumers, sustainability, lower production cost, greater safety and lower environmental 
impact, Heineken is constantly working to improve all the technical processes involved in brewing, packaging 
and supply chain management. Activities in these areas are co-ordinated by Heineken's research and 
development centre in the Netherlands. This centre makes its services available to Heineken and its 
associated breweries globally. 
Heineken remains focused on cash flow generation and disciplined working capital management, with a 
commitment to a long-term target net debt/EBITDA (beia) ratio of below 2.5x. The net debt/EBITDA (beia)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
ratio was 2.4x on 31 December 2023 (2022: 2.1x). 
Heineken has long-term credit ratings of A3 and BBB+ from Moody's Italia S.r.l. ("Moody's") and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited("S&P"), respectively, as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Heineken N.V. and Heineken Holding N.V. shares trade on Euronext Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary 
shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under 
HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. Heineken has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) 
programmes: Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY). The latest 
information is available on Heineken's website: www.theheinekencompany.com. 
The Heineken Group attaches great importance to having a policy on alcohol abuse and good social and 
environmental policies. This is reflected in the Group's marketing campaigns around the world 
(www.enjoyheinekenresponsibly.com) and its corporate behaviour. 
Business Overview in 2023 
During 2023, Heineken continued to make progress on its EverGreen priorities, while adapting to the 
macroeconomic and geopolitical volatility. Heineken built on momentum across five key strategic pillars: 
emphasising consumer and customer-centricity while shaping the future of beer and beyond; growing 
productivity and a cost-conscious culture; boosting decarbonisation of its production network globally; 
boosting digitisation of all its processes to become the best-connected brewer; and investing in talent and 
capabilities to ensure a workforce that is highly motivated and capable, fostering the right culture and 
maintaining robust organisational health. 
Revenue for the full year 2023 was €36,375 million (2022: €34,676 million). Net revenue (beia) increased by 
5.6 per cent. organically, with total consolidated volume declining by 4.7 per cent. and net revenue (beia) per 
hectolitre up 10.8 per cent. The underlying price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 10.2 per cent., 
driven by pricing for inflation and positive mix effects. Currency translation negatively impacted net revenue 
(beia) by €864 million or 3.0 per cent., mainly from the devaluation of currencies in emerging markets 
offsetting partially by a stronger Mexican Peso. Consolidation effects positively impacted net revenue (beia) 
by €887 million or 3.1 per cent., mainly from the consolidation of Distell and Namibia Breweries. 
Operating profit landed at €3,229 million (2022: €4,283 million), being lower due to higher exceptional items 
and amortisation of acquisition related intangibles in 2023 amounting to €1,214 million (2022: €219 million) of 
which amortisation of acquisition-related intangibles represented €385 million (2022: €333 million) and net 
exceptional expense items amounted to €829 million (2022: €114 million net benefit), including an 
impairment of €491 million for Heineken Beverages. 
Operating profit (beia) grew organically by 1.7 per cent. with a strong recovery in the second half of the year 
and with growth delivered in three of the four regions. Pricing to offset inflation and premiumisation, together 
with strong delivery of the productivity programme, more than offset the inflationary pressures in the cost 
base and incremental investments behind the growth agenda. Currency translation negatively impacted 
operating profit (beia) by €102 million, or 2.3 per cent., mainly driven by the devaluation of currencies in 
emerging markets being partially offset by appreciation of the Mexican Peso. 
This year investment in brands and capabilities continued. Volume market share was held or gained in over 
half of Heineken's markets as volume performance moderately improved quarter by quarter. Productivity 
commitments were exceeded, delivering €0.8 billion of gross savings in 2023 and achieving operating profit 
growth in three out of four regions. Excellent progress was made with the digital business-to-business 
platforms and now capturing close to €11 billion of gross merchandise value. Investments in own brands, 
capabilities, digital programs, and sustainability initiatives were increased. The portfolio footprint further 
evolved with the acquisition of Distell and Namibia Breweries to form Heineken Beverages, a new beverages 
champion for Southern Africa, and exit from Russia in the third quarter. 
Beer volume declined 4.7 per cent. organically for the full year. Vietnam and Nigeria represented over 60 per 
cent. of the decline, with both markets affected by challenging economic conditions. Heineken gained or held 
volume market share in more than half of its markets in 2023. 
 
Premium beer volume declined by 5.9 per cent. organically, mainly driven by Vietnam and the exit from 
Russia. Outside of these markets premium beer grew by 1.1 per cent., outperforming the total portfolio in the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
majority of the markets. This growth is led by Heineken®, complemented by the international and local 
premium brands, including El Aguila, Birra Moretti, Kingfisher Ultra and Bedele Special. 
 
Heineken continued to lead the portfolio and grew volume by 2.5 per cent. versus last year (3.4 per cent. 
excluding Russia). Growth was broad-based across 39 markets, most notably in China, Brazil, Ethiopia, 
Indonesia and Taiwan. Heineken® Silver is now present in 50 markets with a volume growth in the high 
thirties, led by China, Vietnam and the USA. 
 
Heineken’s international brands portfolio continued complementing Heineken® by connecting with an even 
more diverse range of consumer needs. Amstel grew volume by a high-single digit, driven by a very strong 
performance in Brazil where it strengthened its leadership position in the pure malt mainstream segment. 
Birra Moretti, with strong growth in Italy, the Netherlands and Switzerland, grew by a low-single-digit. In the 
UK, the brand outperformed the market, further strengthening its position as the leading premium brand by 
value. Tiger performance was heavily impacted by the economic slowdown and a stricter enforcement of the 
zero tolerance whilst driving regulations (Decree 100) in Vietnam, its largest market. The less bitter and with 
lower alcohol variant, Tiger Crystal grew volume by a low-single-digit.  
Heineken believes in empowering consumers seeking to enjoy a lower or no-alcohol-content beverage by 
ensuring there is always a choice – everywhere and on any occasion. The Low & No-Alcohol (LONO) 
portfolio was broadly stable, with double-digit growth in 15 markets, including Brazil, Mexico, Egypt and 
Bulgaria.  
The non-alcoholic beer and cider portfolio grew volume by a mid-single-digit led by Heineken® 0.0, growing 
in the double-digits in 16 markets, further consolidating its position as the #1 non-alcoholic beer brand 
globally. Mexico grew non-alcoholic beer and cider volume close to 40 per cent., driven by the performance 
of Tecate 0.0, which launched this year. In Poland, Heineken has the #1 and #2 line extensions in the market 
as measured by value share of the no-alcohol lager segment with Heineken® 0.0 and Zywiec 0.0.  
Following the acquisition of Distell in South Africa, Heineken is now the leading player outside the USA in 
beyond beer alcohol, the fastest-growing space in alcoholic beverages. Heineken’s overall volume of 
flavoured beer and beyond beer alcoholic propositions reached close to 15 million hectolitres by the end of 
the year.  
Desperados, the leading "spirit beer" for high-energy consumption occasions, declined volume by a mid-
single-digit, with continued momentum in Nigeria partially offset by price-driven declines in core European 
markets.  
Cider volume closed the year at 7.1 million hectolitres following the acquisition of Distell in South Africa. 
Volume declined on an organic basis, driven by the UK. In South Africa, the cider portfolio outperformed the 
category and strengthened the leadership position, driven by the strong performance of Savanna.  
Heineken divides its global operations into four geographic segments: Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe; 
Americas; Asia Pacific and Europe. The overview of net revenue (beia), operating profit (beia) and 
consolidated beer volume (see "Glossary") per regional business segment is shown below. 
Geographical Segments 
(Full year figures) 
2023
2022
 
Net revenue (beia)*
(In millions of €)
Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe .............................................................. 
4,229
4,005
Americas ........................................................................................................... 
10,469
9,421
Asia Pacific ....................................................................................................... 
4,157
4,652
Europe .............................................................................................................. 
12,211
11,362
Head Office / Eliminations ................................................................................ 
-757
-746
 
30,308
28,694
Operating profit (beia)*
(In millions of €)

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(Full year figures) 
2023
2022
 
Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe .............................................................. 
450
554
Americas ........................................................................................................... 
1,531
1,391
Asia Pacific ....................................................................................................... 
926
1,235
Europe .............................................................................................................. 
1,353
1,221
Head Office / Eliminations ................................................................................ 
183
101
 
4,443
4,502
Consolidated beer volume (mhl)*
 
Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe .............................................................. 
34.8
39.2
Americas ........................................................................................................... 
88.4
88.5
Asia Pacific ....................................................................................................... 
43.0
48.0
Europe .............................................................................................................. 
76.4
81.2
 
242.6
256.9
* 
Unaudited. Source: Heineken’s Annual Report 2023.  
Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe 
Beer volume declined 6.3 per cent. organically in 2023, with double-digit growth in Ethiopia, Tunisia and 
Algeria more than offset by volume declines in Nigeria and South Africa. The premium beer portfolio declined 
in the low-teens during the same year, as the impact of exiting from Russia more than offset growth in other 
markets. Excluding Russia, the premium portfolio outperformed the beer volume, driven by strong growth in 
Ethiopia in 2023. 
Net revenue (beia) grew 11.6 per cent. organically in 2023, with total consolidated volume down 5.6 per cent. 
organically and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 18.1 per cent. during the same period. Price mix was up 
17.4 per cent. in the year on a constant geographic basis, driven largely by pricing across the region. 
Currency translation negatively impacted net revenue by €958 million in 2023, driven mainly by the Nigerian 
Naira.  
Operating profit (beia) grew 2.8 per cent. in 2023, as strong pricing and productivity gains offset the impact 
from lower volume, inflation and transactional currency effects. 
Americas 
Beer volume was broadly flat organically during 2023, as growth momentum in Brazil, Panama and Ecuador 
was offset by a decline in sales-to-wholesalers in the USA and a small decline in Mexico. The premium 
portfolio grew a mid-single-digit in 2023, led by Heineken®. The LONO portfolio grew in the low-teens during 
the same year given the strong performance of Heineken® 0.0 and Tecate 0.0.  
Net revenue (beia) increased 7.4 per cent. organically in 2023, with total consolidated volumes down 0.2 per 
cent. and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre growing 8.0 per cent. during 2023. Price mix was up 8.4 per cent. 
in 2023 on a constant geographic basis given pricing to offset input cost inflation and continued 
premiumisation of the portfolio. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue by €351 million in the 
year mainly driven by the Mexican Peso. 
Operating profit (beia) grew 6.2 per cent. organically in 2023 and operating profit margin declined by 0.14 per 
cent. as the accelerated productivity programme largely offset inflationary pressures on Heineken’s product 
costs and a step-up in marketing investment in Brazil, Mexico and the USA.   
Asia Pacific 
Beer volume was materially affected by the economic slowdown in the region and declined organically by 
10.4 per cent. during 2023, mostly driven by Vietnam. Heineken outperformed the category in most of its 
markets across the region. Premium beer volume declined in the high-teens in 2023, driven 
disproportionately by Tiger in Vietnam. Outside of Vietnam, premium beer volume grew by a mid-single-digit 
in the year in the region.  
Net revenue (beia) decreased 5.9 per cent. organically in 2023, as total volume declined by 10.4 per cent.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
with net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 5.0 per cent. Price mix was up 4.0 per cent. in 2023 on a constant 
geographic basis given pricing across all markets. Currency, translation negatively impacted net revenue by 
€260 million during the year, mainly by Indian Rupees and the Vietnamese Dong.  
Operating profit (beia) decreased by 20.0 per cent. organically in 2023, largely driven by Vietnam. 
Europe 
Consolidated beer volume declined organically by 5.4 per cent. for the full year 2023, sequentially improving 
into the final quarter to a 3.4 per cent. decline. The premium beer portfolio outperformed the wider portfolio in 
the majority of markets in the year, boosted by the performance of the next generation brands, including 
Texels, Gallia, Birra Moretti and El Aguila among others. The non-alcoholic beer and cider portfolio also 
outperformed in 2023 and was broadly stable. The volume performance in the on-trade was better than in 
the off-trade in the year. Heineken gained or held share in more than 40 per cent. of its markets in 2023.  
Net revenue (beia) increased by 6.3 per cent. organically in 2023 with total consolidated volume down 5.5 
per cent. and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.6 per cent. during the same year. Price mix was up 11.7 
per cent. in 2023 on a constant geographic basis, reflecting the inflation-led pricing across all markets, 
boosted by premiumisation.  
Operating profit (beia) grew 11.9 per cent. organically in 2023 as price-led revenue growth, better on-trade 
mix and significant cost savings across the operating companies, including the supply chain network 
transformation, more than offset the material inflationary pressures in the input and energy costs and 
continued investment in marketing and sales. Consequently, operating profit (beia) margin improved by 0.33 
per cent. in the year. 
Organisational Structure 
The organisational and ownership structure of Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus is outlined in the following chart:* 
Ownership structure based on issued shares 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Including the 0.03 per cent. stake held directly by Mrs C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken and 
1.790 per cent. of Heineken Holding N.V.shares held by Heineken N.V. 
Economic ownership percentages above are based on shares outstanding. 
Heineken Holding N.V. holds 288 million shares in Heineken N.V. which represents 51 per cent. voting 
ownership, taking into account 10.9 million Heineken N.V. shares held in treasury post the divestment of 
shares that were owned by Fomento Económico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V. ("FEMSA") in 2023. 
Developments in 2023 
Acquisitions and Disposals 
FEMSA was a significant shareholder in the Heineken Group as of 2010. Upon completion of the acquisition 
of the beer operations from FEMSA, CB Equity LLP (belonging to the FEMSA group) received shares in the 
L’Arche Green N.V. 
Public 
Heineken Holding N.V. 
53.171% 
50.005% 
Heineken N.V. 
46.829%*
49.995%

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Heineken Group and, furthermore, the relevant parties entered into a Corporate Governance Agreement (the 
"CGA") on 30 April 2010. FEMSA subsequently sold its shares in Heineken and Heineken Holding N.V. in 
two tranches, in February 2023 and May 2023, respectively. As a consequence of the sale by FEMSA, the 
CGA terminated and FEMSA's representatives, Mr. Fernández Carbajal and Mr. Camacho Beltrán, resigned 
from Heineken's Supervisory Board and from Heineken Holding N.V.'s Board of Directors. As a result, 
FEMSA no longer holds any shares in Heineken, except for any shares retained underlying FEMSA's 
outstanding bonds, exchangeable into ordinary shares of Heineken Holding N.V., and has ceased to be a 
Heineken shareholder with significant influence. Subsequently, Heineken purchased approximately 10.3 
million shares in Heineken and approximately 5.2 million shares in Heineken Holding N.V. for an aggregate 
amount of approximately €1.3 billion. Heineken intends to keep the purchased Heineken N.V. shares in 
treasury and the purchased Heineken Holding N.V. shares on its balance sheet. 
 
On 14 April 2023, Heineken obtained a controlling stake of 59.4 per cent. in Namibia Breweries Limited (the 
"NBL") and on 26 April 2023, Heineken fully acquired the operations of Distell post the carve-out of their 
whiskey and gin activities. NBL and Distell have been combined with Heineken South Africa into a new 
Heineken majority-owned business 'Heineken Beverages'. Heineken has a 65 per cent. shareholding in 
Heineken Beverages. Distell and NBL are consolidated within Heineken as from those dates. The amount of 
revenue recognised for Distell and NBL after obtaining control amounts to €1,237 million, the amount of loss 
recognised after obtaining control amounts to €66 million. If control was obtained on 1 January 2023, 
revenue and profit for Heineken would have been €37 billion and €2.4 billion respectively, for the year ended 
31 December 2023.  
 
On 29 September 2023, Heineken completed the sale of soft drinks manufacturer Vrumona. As a result, a 
gain of €195 million has been recorded in 'Other income' in the income statement. On 24 August, Heineken 
completed the transaction to sell its Russia operations, incurring non-cash exceptional losses amounting to 
€307 million, including cumulative foreign exchange losses previously recognised in equity and the 
impairment recorded in 2022.  
 
Financing Activity 
In 2023, in total four new notes were issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme. In March 2023, 
three series of new notes were issued: the €500,000,000 3.875 per cent. notes due 23 September 2024, 
€750,000,000 3.875 per cent. notes due 23 September 2030, and €750,000,000 4.125 per cent. notes due 
23 March 2035. In November 2023, one series of new notes was issued: the €600,000,000 3.625 per cent. 
due 15 November 2026. 
Heineken has a €3.0 billion Euro Commercial Paper ("ECP") programme to facilitate its cash management 
operations and to diversify its funding sources. There was €500 million in issue under the ECP as at 31 
December 2023. 
Heineken extended its revolving credit facility of €3.5 billion from May 2028 to May 2029. The facility is 
committed by a group of 18 banks and has another one-year extension option. 
Material Contracts 
Heineken has not entered into any material contracts which are not in the ordinary course of Heineken's 
business, and which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to Heineken's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
Share Capital and Shareholders  
The authorised share capital of Heineken amounts to €2,500,000,000, divided into 1,562,500,000 ordinary 
shares with a nominal value of €1.60 each. In 2023, the average daily trading volume of Heineken shares 
was 647,245 shares. The issued share capital of Heineken is divided into 576,002,613 ordinary shares with 
a nominal value of €1.60 each. All issued shares are fully paid up. The ordinary shares in Heineken are listed 
on Euronext Amsterdam. In December 2012, Heineken established a sponsored 'Level 1' American 
Depositary Receipt (ADR) programme5 in order to facilitate the trading of Heineken stock in the USA. 
 
5  
On 27 January 2014, ADRs started to trade on OTCQX International Premier, a segment of the OTCQX marketplace reserved for non-U.S. 
companies that are listed on a qualified international exchange and provide their home country disclosure to US investors.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Pursuant to the Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (the "Financial Supervision Act") 
and the Decree on Disclosure of Major Holdings and Capital Interests in Issuing Institutions (Besluit melding 
zeggenschap en kapitaalbelang in uitgevende instellingen) (the "Decree on Disclosure of Major Holdings 
and Capital Interests"), the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (the "AFM") has been notified 
about the following substantial shareholding regarding Heineken:6 
• 
Mrs. C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken (indirectly 50.01 per cent.; the direct 50.01 per cent. shareholder is 
L'Arche Holding SA).  
Heineken Holding N.V. 
The ordinary shares of Heineken Holding N.V. are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and a sponsored 'Level 1' 
ADR programme was established in the USA in December 2012. The issued share capital of Heineken 
Holding N.V. consists of 288,030,168 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1.60 each and 250 priority 
shares of €2.00 nominal value. Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than those relating to 
the ownership of Heineken. Heineken Holding N.V. does not carry out any operational activities, unlike 
Heineken and other companies in the Heineken Group. 
Heineken is responsible for the development and implementation of the strategy of Heineken, whereas 
Heineken Holding N.V. is concerned primarily with safeguarding the continuity, independence and stability of 
Heineken's activities in the long term. 
The net asset values of the shares in Heineken and the ordinary shares in Heineken Holding N.V. as well as 
the dividend policies of both companies are identical. 
Pursuant to the Financial Supervision Act and the Decree on Disclosure of Major Holdings and Capital 
Interests, the AFM has been notified about the following substantial shareholdings regarding Heineken 
Holding N.V.:7 
• 
W.H. Gates III (directly 2.31 per cent. and indirectly 3.25 per cent. via Bill & Melinda Gates 
Foundation Trust); and  
• 
Mrs C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken (directly 0.03 per cent. and indirectly 53.17 per cent.; the direct 
53.17 per cent. shareholder is L'Arche Green N.V., L'Arche Holding B.V. and Stichting 
Administratiekantoor Piores). 
Management Structure 
Heineken is managed by an Executive Board, currently comprised of two executive directors, which is 
supervised by a Supervisory Board. The Executive Board manages Heineken by setting and achieving the 
operational and financial objectives of Heineken, the strategy to achieve these objectives, the parameters to 
be applied in relation to the strategy (for example, in respect of the financial ratios), the company culture 
aimed at long-term value creation, the associated risk profile, the development of results and corporate 
social responsibility issues that are relevant to the company. It is the primary decision-making body within 
Heineken.  
The members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board are appointed by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders subject to non-binding nominations drawn up by the Supervisory Board. Members of the 
Executive Board and Supervisory Board are appointed for a maximum period of four years. A retiring 
member of the Supervisory Board may be reappointed, provided that the maximum term of office does not 
exceed twelve years. This restriction does not apply to: (i) relations by blood or affinity in the direct line of 
descent of Mr. A.H. Heineken, former chairman of the Executive Board; and (ii) persons that are also 
members of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. The General Meeting of Shareholders resolves 
on all significant corporate matters within Heineken. 
The two members of the Executive Board, the four Regional Presidents and five Chief Officers together form 
the Executive Team. The Executive Team is the highest consultative body within Heineken. It supports the 
development of policies and ensures effective implementation of the key priorities and strategies across the 
 
6  
These percentages are derived from the AFM Register substantial holdings and gross short positions. 
7  
These percentages are derived from the AFM Register substantial holdings and gross short positions.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
organisation. The members of the Executive Team are accountable for the global agendas for their particular 
function and are business partners for Heineken's operating companies. 
Executive Board 
The current members of the Executive Board of Heineken are: 
Name (Year of Birth) 
Function/responsibilities 
Directorships in Dutch stock listed 
companies 
and 
other 
significant 
positions external to the Heineken 
Group(1) 
Dolf van den Brink (1973) 
Chairman/CEO 
N/A 
 
Appointed in 2020 
Nominated to be reappointed 
for a new 4 year term at the 
Annual General Meeting (the 
"AGM") on 25 April 2024 
 
Harold van den Broek (1967) 
Member/CFO 
N/A 
 
Appointed in 2021 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
The current members of the Supervisory Board of Heineken are: 
Name (Year of Birth) 
Function/responsibilities 
Directorships 
in 
Dutch 
stock 
listed 
companies 
and 
other 
significant 
positions external to the Heineken 
Group(1) 
Jean-Marc (J.M.) Huët (1969) 
Appointed in 2014, Chairman 
as 
of 
2019, 
latest 
reappointment in 2022 
Nominated to be reappointed 
for a new 2 year term at the 
AGM on 25 April 2024 
Profession: Company Director 
Supervisory directorships: 
 
Vermaat Groep B.V. (Chairman) 
 
Picnic International B.V. 
 
 
Chairman of the Preparatory 
Committee and the Selection 
& Appointment Committee; 
Member 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
and 
the 
Remuneration Committee 
Maarten (M.) Das (1948) 
Appointed 
in 
1994, 
latest 
reappointment in 2021 
Delegated Member(2) 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee, 
Member of the Preparatory 
Committee and the Selection 
& Appointment Committee 
Profession: Lawyer 
Supervisory directorships: 
 
Heineken 
Holding 
N.V. 
(Chairman) 
Other: 
 
L'Arche Green N.V. (Chairman)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Name (Year of Birth) 
Function/responsibilities 
Directorships 
in 
Dutch 
stock 
listed 
companies 
and 
other 
significant 
positions external to the Heineken 
Group(1) 
 
L'Arche Holding B.V. 
Michel (M.R.) de Carvalho 
(1944) 
Appointed 
in 
1996, 
latest 
reappointment in 2019 
Member of the Preparatory 
Committee, the Selection & 
Appointment Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and 
the 
Sustainability 
& 
Responsibility Committee 
Profession: 
Chairman 
Capital 
Generation Partners 
Other: 
 
Heineken 
Holding 
N.V. 
(Executive Director) 
 
L'Arche Green N.V. 
 
Koc Holding 
Nitin (N.) Paranjpe (1963) 
Appointed in 2021 
Chair of the Sustainability & 
Responsibility Committee 
 
Profession: Chief Transformation Officer 
and Chief People Officer at Unilever 
Other: 
- 
Hindustan 
Unilever 
Ltd 
(Chairman) 
- 
Chinmaya 
Mission 
Advisory 
Council 
- 
Infosys (Independent Director) 
Pamela (P.) Mars Wright 
(1960) 
Appointed 
in 
2016, 
latest 
reappointment in 2020 
Nominated to be reappointed 
for a new 2 year term at the 
AGM on 25 April 2024 
Member of the Sustainability 
& Responsibility Committee 
and 
the 
Selection 
& 
Appointment Committee 
Profession: Company Director 
Supervisory directorships: 
 
SHV Holdings N.V. 
Other: 
 
Moffitts 
National 
Board 
of 
Advisors 
Marion (M.) Helmes (1965)  
Appointed 
in 
2018, 
latest 
reappointment in 2022 
Chair of the Audit Committee 
and 
member 
of 
the 
Remuneration Committee 
Profession: Company Director 
Other: 
 
Lonza Group Ltd 
 
Siemens Healthineers AG 
Rosemary 
(R.L.) 
Ripley 
(1954) 
Appointed in 2019 
Member of the Responsibility 
Committee 
and 
the 
Audit 
Committee (joined in 2023) 
Profession: Managing Director at NGEN 
Other: 
 
Ripley Waterfowl Conservancy 
 
Zevia PBC 

CEO and director of Better

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Name (Year of Birth) 
Function/responsibilities 
Directorships 
in 
Dutch 
stock 
listed 
companies 
and 
other 
significant 
positions external to the Heineken 
Group(1) 
World Acquisition Corp 
Lodewijk (L.J.) Hijmans van 
den Bergh (1963) 
Appointed in 2023 
Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee and member of the 
Sustainability 
and 
Responsibility Committee 
Profession: Lawyer, Company Director 
Supervisory directorships: 
 
ING 
Groep 
N.V. 
(Member 
Supervisory Board) 
 
HAL 
Holding 
N.V. 
(Vice-
Chairman Supervisory Board) 
Other: 
 
Utrecht 
Universiteitsfonds 
(Chairman) 
 
Vereniging Aegon (Chairman) 
Beatriz (B.) Pardo (1969) 
Appointed in 2023 
Member of the Selection and 
Appointment Committee 
Profession: 
Vice 
President 
General 
Manager of Starbucks Reserve 
Notes: 
(1) 
Only significant directorships and other positions are listed here. 
(2) 
Appointed by the General Meeting as Delegated Member. The Supervisory Board intends to effect a more intensive supervision 
and advice and more regular consultation with the Executive Board by having a delegated member. 
On 16 February 2023, following the announcement by FEMSA to divest its Heineken Group related 
shareholdings, Mr. Fernández Carbajal and Mr. Beltràn resigned from Heineken's Supervisory Board and 
Heineken Holding N.V.'s Board of Directors. 
On 1 June 2023, Heineken announced that Stacey Tank, Chief Transformation and Corporate Affairs Officer, 
would be succeeded by Joanna Price as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer from 1 July 2023. Mrs. Price has 
joined the Executive Team, reporting to the CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board. Her role as Chief 
Corporate Affairs Officer encompasses the areas of Government Affairs and Public Policy, Sustainable 
Development and Global Communications. 
On 6 July 2023, Heineken announced that James Thompson, Chief Commercial Officer, would be 
succeeded by Bram Westenbrink, in the Executive Team as the new Chief Commercial Officer from 1 
September 2023, reporting to the CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board. 
On 1 November 2023, Glenn Caton was appointed to succeed Soren Hagh as President Europe from 1 
January 2024. Mr. Caton joined Heineken from Mondelez International, where he was Senior Vice President 
Global Commerce and was previously President for South-East Asia and President of Northern Europe. Mr. 
Caton has joined the Executive Team reporting to the CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board. Soren 
Hagh left Heineken on 31 December 2023 to take up a new role outside Heineken Group. 
On 14 December 2024, the Supervisory Board nominated Peter Wennink for appointment as member of the 
Supervisory Board for a period of four years, subject to shareholder approval at the AGM on 25 April 2024. A 
Dutch national, Mr. Wennink was appointed President and CEO of ASML on 1 July 2013, after joining the 
Board of Management of ASML in 1999 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 
ASML, Mr. Wennink worked as a partner at Deloitte Accountants B.V. and also has experience in various 
non-executive roles. He holds a degree from the NIVRA School for Auditors.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Heineken reappointed Mr. de Carvalho and Mrs. Ripley, and appointed Mrs. Pardo and Mr. Hijmans van den 
Bergh as members of the Supervisory Board. All appointments are for a four-year term and were approved 
at the AGM on 20 April 2023. Mrs. Arnold resigned from her four-year appointment term per the end of the 
AGM on 20 April 2023. 
The business address of all of the members of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board is Tweede 
Weteringplantsoen 21, 1017 ZD, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Heineken is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Heineken of the persons 
listed as members of the Executive Board or the Supervisory Board above and their private interests or other 
duties.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. The information contained within this 
section is limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below 
to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
NETHERLANDS TAXATION  
General 
This Netherlands Taxation section is intended as general information only and it does not present any 
comprehensive or complete description of all aspects of Dutch tax law which could be of relevance to a 
Noteholder. For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder may include an individual who or an entity that does not 
have the legal title of the Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes are attributed, based either on such 
individual or entity owning a beneficial interest in the Notes or based on specific statutory provisions. These 
include statutory provisions pursuant to which Notes are attributed to an individual who is, or who has 
directly or indirectly inherited from a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar originator of a trust, 
foundation or similar entity that holds the Notes. 
This paragraph is based on Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts and as published 
and in effect on the date hereof, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date and 
implemented with or without retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of this paragraph, "Dutch Taxes" shall mean taxes of whatever nature levied by or on behalf 
of the Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or taxing authorities. The Netherlands means the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. 
The statements below are based on the assumption that the Final Terms of any Series of Notes will not 
materially deviate from the Conditions as described in this Base Prospectus, in particular with regard to the 
status and ranking of the Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
Any payments made under the Notes will not be subject to – except in certain very specific cases as 
described below – withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Dutch Taxes, provided that the Notes 
will not be issued under such terms and conditions that the Notes actually function as equity of the Issuer 
within the meaning of section 10 subsection 1 under d of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op 
de vennootschapsbelasting 1969), "CITA"). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to 
the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or 
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such 
jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not 
treated as resident in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the 
jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse 
hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on 
one (or more) of the items in (i) up to and including (v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all 
within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). Provided that no 
payments of interest are made by the Issuer under a Note to an entity affiliated to the Issuer that meets one 
of the circumstances as stated under (i) up to and including (vi) above, payments of interest made by the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Issuer under a Note shall not become subject to withholding tax on the basis of the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021. 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
This section does not describe the possible Dutch tax considerations or consequences that may be relevant 
to a Noteholder: 
(i) 
who has a (deemed) substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer within the meaning of 
chapter 4 of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(ii) 
who is an individual and for who the income or capital gains derived from the Notes are attributable 
to employment activities, the income from which is taxable in the Netherlands; 
(iii) 
that is an entity which is, pursuant to the CITA, not subject to Dutch corporate income tax or are in 
full or in part exempt from Dutch corporate income tax (such as pension funds);  
(iv) 
that is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in article 6a or 28 CITA; or 
(v) 
that is an entity resident in Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten which carries on an enterprise on 
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or permanent 
representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba to which permanent 
establishment, or permanent representative, the Notes are attributable. 
(a) 
Residents in the Netherlands 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for the 
following Noteholders: 
(i) 
Individuals who are resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes ("Dutch Individuals"); and 
(ii) 
entities that are subject to the CITA and are resident or deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax purposes, ("Dutch Corporate Entities"). 
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities 
Dutch Individuals are generally subject to income tax at statutory progressive rates with a maximum 
of 49.50 per cent. (2024) with respect to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the 
Notes (including any capital gains realised on the disposal thereof) that are either attributable to an 
enterprise from which a Dutch Individual derives profits, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or 
pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net worth of such enterprise (other than as an entrepreneur or a 
shareholder), or attributable to miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden), 
including, without limitation, activities which are beyond the scope of active portfolio investment 
activities. 
Dutch Individuals not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous 
activities 
Generally, a Dutch Individual who holds Notes (i) that are not attributable to an enterprise from which 
he derives profits as an entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net worth of such 
enterprise other than as an entrepreneur or a shareholder, and (ii) from which he derives benefits 
which are not taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities, will be subject annually to an income 
tax imposed on a fictitious yield on such Notes. The Notes held by such Dutch Individual will be 
taxed under the regime for savings and investments (inkomen uit sparen en beleggen). Irrespective 
of the actual income or capital gains realised, the annual taxable benefit of all the assets and 
liabilities of a Dutch Individual that are taxed under this regime, including the Notes, is set at a 
deemed return insofar as the yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) exceeds a EUR 57,000 threshold 
(heffingvrij vermogen). Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying 
assets held by the holder of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the 
beginning of the calendar year. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the 
holder's yield basis and will be classified as other investments. The deemed return on this yield basis

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
is calculated on the basis of a weighted average of the different classes of qualifying assets, each 
with their own (estimated) deemed returns. The deemed return for 2024 is set at 6.04 per cent. for 
other investments (such as the Notes) and is estimated at 0.01 per cent. for savings and at 2.46 per 
cent for liabilities. The estimated deemed return for savings and liabilities will be definitively set after 
the end of the calendar year to determine the best possible approximation of returns actually realised 
in the market in that calendar year. If the deemed return is negative, then the deemed return is set to 
nil. The deemed return on the holder's yield basis is taxed at a rate of 36 per cent. (in 2024). 
Dutch Corporate Entities 
Dutch Corporate Entities are generally subject to corporate income tax at the statutory rate of 25.8 
per cent. (2024) with respect to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived (including any capital 
gains realised on the disposal thereof) of the Notes. A reduced rate of 19 per cent. applies to the first 
EUR 200,000 of taxable profits. 
(b) 
Non-residents in the Netherlands 
A Noteholder who is not a Dutch Individual and that is not a Dutch Corporate Entity will not be 
subject to any Dutch Taxes on income or capital gains in respect of the ownership and disposal of 
the Notes, except if: 
(i) 
the Noteholder, whether an individual or not, derives profits from an enterprise, whether as an 
entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net worth of such enterprise other than as 
an entrepreneur or a shareholder, which enterprise is, in whole or in part, carried on through a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, to which the 
Notes are attributable;  
(ii) 
the Noteholder is an individual and derives benefits from miscellaneous activities carried out in 
the Netherlands in respect of the Notes, including (without limitation) activities which are 
beyond the scope of active portfolio investment activities;  
(iii) 
the Noteholder is not an individual and is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in 
the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which 
enterprise is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable; or 
(iv) 
the Noteholder is an individual and is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the 
profits of an enterprise, that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise 
the Notes are attributable. 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax is due in respect of any gift of the Notes by, or inheritance of the Notes 
on the death of, a Noteholder, except if: 
(a) 
at the time of the gift or death of the Noteholder, the Noteholder is resident, or is deemed to be 
resident, in the Netherlands; 
(b) 
the Noteholder passes away within 180 days after the date of the gift of the Notes and is not, or not 
deemed to be, at the time of the gift, but is, or deemed to be, at the time of his death, resident in the 
Netherlands;  
(c) 
the gift of the Notes is made under a condition precedent and the Noteholder is resident, or is 
deemed to be resident, in the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled.  
For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who is of Dutch nationality will be deemed to be 
resident in the Netherlands if he has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the ten years 
preceding the date of the gift or his death. For purposes of Dutch gift tax, any individual, irrespective of his 
nationality, will be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if he has been resident in the Netherlands at 
any time during the 12 months preceding the date of the gift. 
Other Taxes and Duties

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
No other Dutch Taxes, including Value Added Tax (omzetbelasting) and taxes of a documentary nature, 
such as capital tax, stamp or registration tax or duty, are payable by or on behalf of a Noteholder by reason 
only of the issue, acquisition or transfer of the Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), an agreement entered into 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, or an 
intergovernmental agreement in furtherance of such Sections of the Code, including any laws, regulations or 
guidance implementing such an intergovernmental agreement ("FATCA") impose a reporting regime and 
potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial 
institution (a "foreign financial institution", or "FFI" (as defined by FATCA)) that, unless exempt or deemed 
to be in compliance with FATCA, does not become a "Participating FFI" by entering into an agreement with 
the IRS to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its account holders and investors and (ii) any 
investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not provide tax certifications and information 
regarding itself, and in some cases, about its owners or, where applicable, a waiver of any laws prohibiting 
the disclosure of such information to a taxing authority (a "Recalcitrant Holder"). 
Withholding applies currently to payments of United States source income and is expected to apply to 
"foreign passthru payments" (a term not yet defined) no earlier than the date that is two years after the date 
on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register. This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes that are not outstanding on the "grandfathering date", which is the date that is 6 
months after the publication of final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payments", 
or which are significantly modified after the grandfathering date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
Issuer) and (ii) any Notes characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, whenever issued. However, if additional Notes of the same series are issued after the 
grandfathering date that are not distinguishable from Notes issued on or before grandfathering date and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then the additional Notes may not be treated as grandfathered and 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including Notes issued on or before the grandfathering date, as 
subject to FATCA withholding. 
Potential investors should be aware that the effective date for withholding on foreign passthru payments 
noted above reflects recently proposed U.S. Treasury regulations ("Proposed FATCA Regulations") which 
delay the effective date for withholding on such payments. The effective date for withholding on foreign 
passthru payments otherwise would have been the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the 
term "foreign passthru payments" are published. The U.S. Treasury have indicated that taxpayers may rely 
on the Proposed FATCA Regulations until final regulations are issued. The discussion above assumes that 
the Proposed FATCA Regulations will be finalised in their current form. No assurance can be given that the 
Proposed FATCA Regulations will be finalised in their current form.   
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have negotiated intergovernmental agreements to 
facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an "IGA"). An FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated 
as a Reporting FI not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives, provided that the FFI 
complies with certain reporting and withholding obligations delineated in the applicable IGA. A Reporting FI 
would still be required to report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home 
government or to the IRS. The United States and the Netherlands entered into a "Model 1" IGA on 18 
December 2013. The Netherlands has implemented the IGA between the Netherlands and the United States 
into Dutch legislation with effect from 1 January 2015. 
The Issuer and financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be required to 
withhold under FATCA if (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Notes is made is not a 
Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) an 
investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. If an amount in respect of FATCA withholding were to be deducted or 
withheld from interest, principal or other payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any 
paying agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected. In addition, the Issuer or a financial institution through which payments on the Notes are made 
may be required to force the transfer of Notes (or interests therein) held by such an FFI or a Recalcitrant 
Holder.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is expected that FATCA will not 
affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent 
and the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain 
between the Issuer and ending with the participants in the clearing systems is a major financial institution 
whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced 
under an IGA will be unlikely to affect the Notes. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility 
that the Notes may be converted into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing 
systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. 
However, definitive Notes will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
FATCA is particularly complex and the above description is based in part on regulations, official guidance 
and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change. Prospective investors should consult with their own 
advisors about how FATCA may affect an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the 
Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 2 April 2024 (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer 
and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA 
C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant 
Tranche, other than in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act and, accordingly, 
that (1) neither it nor any of its affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of such Dealer or any of its 
affiliates) has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the notes and (ii) it and its 
affiliates will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and 
such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such 
qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the Issuer 
may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the 
mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam in full compliance with the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985, as amended and its implementing

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or 
profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into 
the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a 
Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not 
distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. In the event that 
the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and 
transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. As used herein, "Zero Coupon 
Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on 
which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold or made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes be circulated or 
distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and other relevant laws of Japan. As used in the paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and 
will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither the Base Prospectus nor other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has complied and will comply, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, in all material respects, with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes 
or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued which will not be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree. 
2. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Executive Board of the 
Issuer passed on 25 August 2008 and resolutions of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer passed on 
4 September 2008. The increase of the size of the Programme to €20,000,000,000 was authorised 
by resolutions of the Executive Board of the Issuer passed on 20 February 2019. The update of the 
Programme on the date hereof was authorised by resolutions of the Executive Board of the Issuer 
passed on 18 March 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
3. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had, during the 
12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Heineken Group. 
4. 
Significant/Material Adverse Change 
Since 31 December 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
and no significant change in the financial performance or trading position of the Heineken Group. 
5. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022 have been audited without qualification by Deloitte Accountants B.V., Gustav 
Mahlerlaan 2970, 1081 LA Amsterdam, the Netherlands, independent accountants. Each audit 
partner of Deloitte Accountants B.V. is a member of the Royal Dutch Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
6. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
Luxembourg for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. In accordance with Article 21 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, copies, when published, of the following documents listed under (b) and 
(f) below will be available on https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors: 
(a) 
the 
constitutional 
documents 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(also 
available 
at 
https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/governance/articles-association); 
(b) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Programme Manual;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(e) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement;  
(f) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms (save that Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA,  nor offered (i) in the EEA or (ii) in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
as the case may be will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to 
its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(g) 
the most recent certificate listing the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries as referred to in Condition 
9. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms relating to 
Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market will also 
be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
7. 
Pricing 
The price and nominal amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue thereof in accordance with the prevailing 
market conditions. 
8. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
9. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
10. 
BNP Paribas Branch Information 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and 
responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may 
be provided upon request.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
GLOSSARY 
In this Base Prospectus, Heineken uses the following financial measures in the analysis of its business and 
financial position, which Heineken considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures for the 
purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. Such financial measures are not 
calculated in accordance with IFRS and are unaudited. Accordingly, they should not be considered as 
alternatives to 'results from operating activities' or 'profits' as indicators of Heineken's performance. However, 
Heineken believes that such financial measures are commonly used by investors and as such useful for 
disclosure. The presentation of these financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures 
reported by other companies due to differences in the ways the measures are calculated. 
Beia 
Before exceptional items and amortisation of acquisition-related 
intangible assets. 
EBITDA 
Earnings before interest, taxes, net finance expenses, depreciation 
and amortisation. EBITDA includes Heineken's share in net profit of 
joint ventures and associates. 
Net debt 
Non-current and current interest-bearing borrowings (including lease 
liabilities), bank overdrafts and market value of cross-currency 
interest rate swaps less cash, cash equivalents and other 
investments. 
Net debt/EBITDA (beia) ratio 
The ratio is based on a twelve month rolling calculation for EBITDA 
(beia). The ratio includes acquisitions and excludes disposals on a 12 
month pro-forma basis. 
Operating profit (beia) 
Operating profit before exceptional items and amortisation of 
acquisition-related intangible assets. 
Organic growth 
Growth excluding the effect of foreign currency translational effects, 
consolidation changes, exceptional items and amortisation of 
acquisition-related intangible assets. 
Organic revenue 
Growth in revenue, excluding the effect of foreign currency 
translational effects, consolidation changes, exceptional items and 
amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets. 
Top line growth 
Growth in net revenue. 
Definitions of other terms and phrases used in this Base Prospectus 
Acquisition-related intangible 
assets 
Acquisition-related intangible assets are assets that Heineken only 
recognises as part of a purchase price allocation following an 
acquisition. This includes, among others, brands, customer-related 
and certain contract-based intangibles. 
Consolidation changes 
Changes as a result of business combinations or disposals. 
Exceptional items 
Items of income and expense of such size, nature or incidence, that 
in the view of management their disclosure is relevant to explain the 
performance of Heineken for the period. 
Net profit 
Profit after deduction of non-controlling interests (profit attributable to 
equity holders of Heineken). 
Operating profit 
Results from operating activities. 
Organic volume growth 
Growth in volume, excluding the effect of consolidation changes. 
Profit 
Total profit of the Group before deduction of non-controlling interests.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
® 
All brand names mentioned herein, including those brand names not 
marked by an ®, represent registered trademarks and are legally 
protected. 
Region 
A region is defined as Heineken's managerial classification of 
countries into geographical units. 
Net revenue 
Net revenue 
Revenue as defined in IFRS 15 (after discounts) minus the excise tax 
expense for those countries where the excise is borne by Heineken 
Net revenue/hl 
Net revenue per hectolitre. 
Net revenue (beia) 
Net revenue before exceptional items and amortisation of acquisition-
related intangible assets 
Volume 
(Consolidated) beer volume  
 
100 per cent. of beer volume produced and sold by consolidated 
companies. 
 
Group beer volume 
 
Consolidated beer volume plus attributable share of beer volume 
from joint ventures and associates. 
Heineken® volume 
100 per cent. of beer volume sold of the Heineken® brand by 
consolidated companies, joint ventures and associates and produced 
and sold under licence by third parties. 
Total volume 
100 per cent. of volume produced and sold by consolidated 
companies (including beer, cider, soft drinks and other beverages), 
volume of third party products and volume of Heineken's brands 
produced and sold under licence by third parties.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) ................................................... 40 
Accrual Period .................................................... 35 
AFM .................................................................... 85 
Business Day ...................................................... 37 
CITA .................................................................... 90 
Dealer Agreement ............................................... 95 
Decree on Disclosure of Major Holdings and 
Capital Interests .................................................. 85 
Dutch Corporate Entities..................................... 91 
Dutch Individuals ................................................ 91 
Dutch Taxes ........................................................ 90 
FEMSA ............................................................... 83 
Financial Supervision Act .................................. 85 
Interest Payment Date ....................................... 36 
Interest Period .................................................... 36 
Long Maturity Note ............................................. 46 
Margin ................................................................ 38 
Payment Day ..................................................... 47 
Proceedings ....................................................... 62 
Reference Banks ............................................... 38 
T2 ....................................................................... 37 
Zero Coupon Notes ............................................ 98

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Heineken N.V. 
Tweede Weteringplantsoen 21 
1017 ZD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L–1855 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law: 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
 
 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law: 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT 
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
BNP Paribas,
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970 
Luxembourg Branch
1081 LA Amsterdam 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
The Netherlands 
L–1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
ARRANGER  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
One Molesworth Street 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
Dublin 2 
The Netherlands 
D02 RF29 
 
Ireland 
 
 
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Reuterweg 16 
75009 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V.
38, avenue Kléber 
Foppingadreef 7 
75116 Paris 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
France 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE
UBS AG London Branch
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
5 Broadgate 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
London EC2M 2QS 
Germany 
United Kingdom 
 
 
  
 
L_LIVE_EMEA2:103199953