--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
HEMSÖ TREASURY OYJ 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Finland) 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by  
(in respect of Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury Oyj only) 
HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB 
EUR 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Under this EUR 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Hemsö Fastighets AB  and 
Hemsö Treasury Oyj ("Hemsö Treasury") (the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the 
"Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Notes under the Programme may be issued by either Issuer. Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Hemsö Fastighets AB (in its capacity as Guarantor only, the "Guarantor"). 
This Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. This Base Prospectus comprises a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any website referred to in this document 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or that they may be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with 
the relevant Issuer. 
Hemsö Fastighets AB has a corporate rating of A- from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and a corporate rating 
of A+ from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated by S&P and/or 
Fitch. S&P and Fitch are established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P and Fitch appear on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). S&P and Fitch are not 
established in the United Kingdom ("UK") but ratings issued by S&P will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited 
and ratings issued by Fitch will be endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). Each of S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd are established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, ratings may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.   
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
DANSKE BANK 
DNB BANK 
NORDEA 
SWEDBANK 
BNP PARIBAS  
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS  
SEB 
 
8 November 2022

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the Insurance Distribution Directive (Directive (EU) 2016/97), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms and declare that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") 
as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses". 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuers  and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and  offering, sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the 
Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuers and the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, 
if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuers and the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or accepts any responsibility for 
any act or omission of the Issuers, the Guarantor, or any other person in connection with the issue and offering 
of the Notes under the Programme.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
Notes issued as Green/Sustainability/Social Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of 
any Notes issued as Green/Sustainability/Social Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as 
Green/Sustainability/Social Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. Hemsö published its 
sustainability bond framework in July 2018 (the "Framework") and Sustainalytics issued an independent 
opinion on the Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on 
certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of 
fact. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes.  No representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as 
Green/Sustainability/Social Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".  In particular, the Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and may 
include Bearer Notes (as defined herein) that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an 
exemption from such registration. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, Bearer Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its 
own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 6,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement)).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Validity of Prospectus and Prospectus Supplements 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are to a Member State of 
the European Economic Area, references to the "UK" are to the United Kingdom, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. 
dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to 
"SEK", "kr" or "Swedish krona" are to Swedish Krona. 
References to "Hemsö" and the "Group" are to Hemsö Fastighets AB and its consolidated subsidiaries, 
including Hemsö Treasury Oyj. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the information incorporated by 
reference section are not defined in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") 
("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to 
the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. Hemsö presents APMs because it believes that these measures provide useful supplementary 
information to both investors and Hemsö's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of company 
performance. It is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the same 
manner, these APMs are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these 
financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
For definitions and further explanations of Alternative Performance Measures, please refer to the relevant 
sections of the 2020 Financial Statements, the 2021 Financial Statements and the Q3 2022 Financial Statements 
(each as defined below), as set out in "Information Incorporated by Reference", below. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.   
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"). The relevant Issuer will make a determination in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any 
such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of 
section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 5 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................. 20 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ............................................................................... 23 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 24 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 62 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................. 74 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........................ 80 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................... 83 
DESCRIPTION OF HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB ............................................................................................ 84 
DESCRIPTION OF HEMSÖ TREASURY OYJ ........................................................................................... 103 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT ....................................................................... 104 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 106 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 110 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 115

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  Words and expressions defined 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview unless otherwise defined 
herein. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuers: 
Hemsö Fastighets AB 
Hemsö Treasury Oyj 
Guarantor: 
Hemsö Fastighets AB, in respect of Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury 
Oyj only 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Danske Bank A/S, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch, 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) and any 
other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on its regulated market. The Programme also permits Notes to be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the 
"ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The 
Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will

--- Page 11 ---
2 
 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" 
or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the 
TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. 
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, 
if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note will 
either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or 
(b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Security Identification Number(s): In respect of each Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant security identification number(s) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Guarantee of the 
Notes: 
The Guarantee of the Notes is a direct, general, unconditional, 
irrevocable and unsecured (subject to Condition ‎5(a) (Covenants –

--- Page 12 ---
3 
 
Negative Pledge)) obligation of the Guarantor. 
Substitution: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes permit the substitution of the 
relevant Issuer, without the consent of the Noteholders, for a 
subsidiary of Hemsö Fastighets AB as principal debtor in respect of 
any Series of Notes issued under the Programme, subject to 
satisfaction of the conditions as described in Condition ‎18 
(Substitution). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of: (i) 
the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part); (ii) the Noteholders; or 
(iii) the Noteholders upon a Change of Control, in each case to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons, as described in Condition ‎9(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons), or if the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes of the relevant Series 
is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal amount of such Series, 
as described in Condition ‎9(h) (Redemption and Purchase - No other 
redemption). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, then such rate of interest may be substituted (subject to 
certain conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative 
or zero)) as described in Condition 7(k) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions -Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. The terms and conditions also provide for 
additional fallbacks in the event that one or more benchmark rates used 
to determine the interest payable on the Notes is discontinued. 
Denominations: 
Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system which is a regulated market situated or 
operating in a Member State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, may 
not have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued 
in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or

--- Page 13 ---
4 
 
central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition ‎5(a) (Covenants - Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by or on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable)will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Sweden or 
the Republic of Finland, as applicable, unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
applicable) will (subject as provided in Condition ‎10 (Payments - 
Bearer Notes) and Condition ‎11 (Payments - Registered Notes) and 
Condition ‎12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received 
in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, 
Belgium, Japan, Singapore, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom 
of Sweden, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 14 ---
5 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of 
the Issuers and the Guarantor and the industry in which they operate together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below.  Words and 
expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may 
become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in an Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, 
becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which 
factors are most likely to occur, as the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result 
of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's control. The Issuers 
and, as the case may be, the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect their business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS' AND, AS THE CASE MAY BE, THE 
GUARANTOR'S, ABILITY TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME 
Industry and business-related risks 
Risks related to macroeconomic factors 
The property industry, and therefore Hemsö, is affected to a large extent by macroeconomic factors such as 
general economic trends, growth, employment, the rate of production of new housing and commercial premises, 
changes in infrastructure, population growth, inflation and interest rate levels.  
Global macroeconomic conditions may for example be adversely affected by political tensions, acts of war 
and/or expansion of sanctions, in particular as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The 
prolongation of such geopolitical tensions, sanctions and political uncertainty could negatively impact economic 
growth, business operations and the real estate markets, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on 
Hemsö's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Hemsö may also be affected by public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that negatively affect the global 
economy such as the outbreak of coronavirus ("Covid-19") in 2020 and the ensuing pandemic.  The disruption 
to global business resulting from Covid-19 (including the restrictive measures imposed to contain it) caused 
supply-chain constraints and added to inflationary pressures in both local and global markets which, amongst 
other things, increased project development and operating cost across the real estate sector and more widely.  
While the situation in Europe is currently stable with widespread vaccination schemes implemented and 
restrictive measures almost entirely lifted, the future emergence of new strains of Covid-19 against which 
current vaccines are less effective, or of other viruses and/or pandemics could significantly negatively impact 
economic growth, business operations and real estate markets which could have a material adverse effect on 
Hemsö's results of operations and financial condition.  
The occupancy rate and rent level for Hemsö's properties are influenced primarily by long-term demand for 
properties for use by public sector tenants which can also be affected by the strength of the economy. In 
addition, Hemsö's ability to find suitable tenants may be impacted by any change in Swedish Government policy 
with respect to the procurement of public services. Hemsö's ability to ensure rent levels that are competitive and 
secure in the long-term, long leases, and low vacancy rates depends, among other things, on the ability to adapt 
the properties to the tenants' changing needs in terms of quality, functionality and size.

--- Page 15 ---
6 
 
Economies across Europe and globally are currently experiencing significant inflationary pressures. This has 
been exacerbated by the sanctions put in place as a response to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, which has 
further increased energy, commodity and fuel prices. Such inflationary pressures are expected to continue in the 
medium term and may increase. In response to rising inflation it is expected that interest rates may be increased. 
Interest expenses represent Hemsö's largest individual cost item. A significant increase in interest rates would 
increase Hemsö's cost of funding and could have an adverse effect on Hemsö's operations, results and financial 
position.  
The majority of Hemsö's leases include a supplement based on changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in 
addition to base rent, i.e. they are wholly or partially linked to inflation enabling Hemsö to pass inflationary cost 
increases onto its tenants. Certain leases are index-linked downwards, which provides potential for Hemsö's 
rental income to decrease. Hemsö's costs (including, without limitation, development and operating costs) are 
also affected by inflation and there is a risk that Hemsö will not always be able to secure leases that provide full 
or partial compensation for inflation. 
A downturn in the economy, changed demands from tenants, lower rental levels, higher vacancy rates, higher 
interest rates and increased costs may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position 
and earnings. 
Property valuation relies on factors which are subject to change  
Hemsö is exposed to changes in the market value of its property portfolio. Hemsö reports its property holdings 
at fair value in accordance with IAS 40 Investment Property, such that the book value in respect of the 
properties of Hemsö and its subsidiaries (together, the "Group") corresponds to their assessed market value. 
Hemsö assesses the market value of its properties every quarter. As a basis for determining market values, 
independent firms of appraisers carry out valuations at least once a year. The value of the properties is affected 
by, and any assessment made in the light of, a number of factors such as market supply, vacancy rate, rent level 
and operating expenses, residual value, yield requirement, general economic trends, interest rates and inflation. 
In particular, if interest rates continue to increase this will put pressure on portfolio yields, putting market values 
at risk of decline. Whilst the liquidity of such properties has increased over recent years, there is no guarantee 
that there will be a market for such properties going forward. There is a risk that changes in respect of such 
factors may have a negative effect on property values. This could have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's 
credit rating, financial position and earnings. 
Property transactions involve uncertainties which could adversely impact Hemsö's business  
Property transactions represent an important part of Hemsö's day-to-day business operations and will continue to 
constitute a part of Hemsö's growth strategy going forward. Property transactions entail inherent risks 
concerning uncertainties and there is a risk that Hemsö (i) may be unable to find suitable acquisition properties, 
(ii) may be unable to finance property acquisitions on terms acceptable to Hemsö or (iii) that desired property 
sales cannot be completed on terms acceptable to Hemsö. All property investments are associated with 
uncertainty and assumptions. The market's yield requirement, future vacancies, the tenants' payment capability, 
environmental conditions as well as technical defects constitute some of the uncertainty elements associated 
with property transactions. There is also a risk that Hemsö may fail to complete property transactions, which 
may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
In addition, property-owning and property-acquiring companies are exposed to risks in relation to non-identified 
risks linked to businesses that are acquired, either because of a lack of information or due to the fact that 
assumptions made may turn out to be erroneous. For example, tenants may be lost, the accounts of the acquired 
business may be erroneous and/or the business may be the subject of unforeseen environmental or tax claims. 
Furthermore, other circumstances may exist that have an adverse impact on the value of the business or property 
being acquired. Notwithstanding the fact that, prior to each investment, Hemsö makes an evaluation aimed at 
identifying and, if possible, mitigating the risks that may be associated with the investment, there remains a risk 
that future businesses or properties that are added through acquisitions may have a material adverse impact on 
Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
In several of the sales agreements entered into by Hemsö, the purchaser may present warranty claims, such as 
that the property's use has deviated from an applicable zoning plan in violation of stipulated warranties; that, 
contrary to stipulated warranties, all charges relating to road construction maintenance costs and connection fees 
relating to the period prior to the completion date have not been paid in full; or that, contrary to stipulated 
warranties concerning the property, a public authority order to take measures has not been performed in full

--- Page 16 ---
7 
 
prior to the completion date. While there have not been any material unsettled warranty claims with respect to 
sold properties and companies in the last few years, there is a risk that any claims in the future may have a 
material adverse impact on Hemsö's business, financial position and earnings. Correspondingly, there is a risk 
that the possibility of obtaining compensation in the case of a warranty claim will be limited if an acquisition 
was made from a vendor which is, or will be, in financial difficulties or if there is a cap in respect of the amount 
of compensation that may be claimed – this may contribute to increased uncertainty and increased costs for 
Hemsö, which in turn may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and earnings. 
Project development poses risks to Hemsö  
The construction, refurbishment and extension of properties constitutes a part of Hemsö's regular business 
operations. Project development is inherently associated with uncertainties and risks as regards costs and delays 
(among other things). Supply chain disruptions and material shortages as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and 
the conflict in Ukraine may also have an impact on costs and delays. Major projects can involve significant 
investments, which may lead to an increased credit risk if tenants fail to perform their obligations to pay rent 
and Hemsö is unable to find other tenants for the premises in question, if Hemsö fails to let the premises upon 
completion of a project, or if the demand or price of properties generally changes during the course of a project.  
Furthermore, although Hemsö monitors development projects closely, projects may be delayed, become more 
expensive or the quality may not be as expected, which may result in increased costs or reduced income. In 
particular, increasing refurbishment and maintenance repair costs may arise, for example, from increasing legal 
requirements for energy efficiency, or due to inflation, increased energy costs or supply constraints which may 
drive up prices and costs. In addition, Hemsö may be dependent on procuring the necessary public authority 
permits and permits for carrying out property development projects. There is therefore also a risk that Hemsö 
will not succeed in implementing its property projects, which may have a material adverse impact on its 
operations, financial position and earnings. 
Competitive threats to Hemsö's business 
Hemsö operates in a competitive industry. Hemsö's future ability to compete will depend, among other things, 
on Hemsö's ability to foresee future changes and react promptly to current and future market needs and/or 
changes in the Swedish Government's policy with respect to the procurement of public services. Accordingly, 
Hemsö may be forced to make costly investments, restructurings or price reductions in order to adapt to a 
changed competitive situation, for example through the renegotiation of lease terms. There is a risk that Hemsö 
will not be able to successfully counteract the effects of competition, which may have a material adverse impact 
on its operations, financial position and earnings. 
Variations in supply and demand in the property market could have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's 
business 
Supply and demand for properties, and therefore the yield on property investments, varies between different 
geographic markets and property categories, and can thus develop differently within such geographic markets 
and property categories. There is a risk that demand will fall and the yield requirement will therefore increase 
within those geographic markets and property categories in which Hemsö operates. This may have a material 
adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Hemsö's income is dependent on tenants meeting their rental obligations 
Hemsö's income primarily comprises rental income from its properties. There is a risk that Hemsö's major 
tenants will not renew or extend their leases as they expire. There is also a risk that it will not be possible to find 
new tenants, or that new tenants will not pay the same rents as the previous tenants, which may result in a higher 
vacancy rate and lower rental income. Community services are operated from Hemsö's properties and most of 
the rental income derives from public sector tenants or from tenants who run publicly funded activities on behalf 
of the Swedish Government, county councils or municipalities. Despite the fact that almost all of Hemsö's 
tenants conduct publicly funded activities and have a high credit rating, there is a risk of tenants failing to pay 
rents or otherwise failing to perform their obligations to Hemsö. If this occurs, it may lead to lower rental 
income and bad debt losses. If tenants fail to perform their obligations at all, for example in the event of 
bankruptcy, or only after debt collection measures have been taken, this may also result in an increased vacancy 
rate, with lower property values as a consequence. If tenants fail to renew or extend their leases as they expire, 
or fail to pay agreed rents on time or otherwise fail to perform their obligations, this may have a material 
adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings.

--- Page 17 ---
8 
 
As at 30 September 2022, Hemsö's 20 largest tenants accounted for 49.6 per cent. of the total rental value, of 
which the largest (the Swedish Police Authority) accounted for 5.5 per cent. There is a risk that one or more of 
Hemsö's more major tenants will fail to renew or extend their leases as they expire. Unless Hemsö is able to 
obtain replacement income from new tenants, this may lead to a reduction in rental income and/or higher 
vacancy rates, which may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and 
earnings.  
Increasing operating and maintenance costs may affect Hemsö's financial position 
Hemsö's operating expenses mainly comprise tariff-based costs such as costs for heating, electricity, water and 
waste. There are a limited number of suppliers in respect of some of these utilities and services, which could 
result in an increased cost to Hemsö. Furthermore, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine has led to, and may 
in the future further result in, higher energy prices in Europe. Notwithstanding that some of Hemsö's leases are 
structured in such a manner that the tenant defrays most of these costs, there may be a material adverse impact 
on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings to the extent that it is not possible to receive increased 
rental payments to cover for any such increased costs incurred by Hemsö. 
Measures aimed at maintaining the standard of Hemsö's properties in the long-term or maintaining and/or 
modernising properties require maintenance and renovation expenditures. Such expenditures as are necessary to 
satisfy market, public authority or other legal requirements may be significant and unforeseen. There is a risk 
that, in respect of large-scale operating expenses, maintenance or renovation work, it may not be possible to 
(i) pass on the associated costs to Hemsö's tenants through increased rents or (ii) receive compensation through 
insurance indemnification. This may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position 
and earnings. 
Defects in Hemsö's properties may result in unforeseen costs 
There are risks associated with the technical operation of properties, such as the risk of structural defects, other 
latent defects or deficiencies, damage (for example, through fire or other forces of nature) and contamination. 
Although Hemsö seeks to invest in properties of a sound technical standard, there remains a risk that unforeseen 
costs could arise. In the event that such technical problems arise and the costs cannot be fully or partially 
covered by insurance, this may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and 
earnings. 
System failures and internal deficiencies may expose Hemsö to operating risk  
The term operating risk refers mainly to the risk of financial consequences and consequences related to the loss 
of trust which ensue from shortcomings in internal routines and systems, including IT systems. The risk also 
includes legal risks and risks within regulatory compliance. The handling of operating risks is aimed at 
identifying, assessing, monitoring and reducing those risks. The risks are handled based on the expected 
consequences and the degree of probability that they could occur. Internal directives and guidelines form the 
basis of risk management within Hemsö. Corporate culture is critical in ensuring that internal controls are a 
normal and necessary operating prerequisite. Hemsö's assets are insured in line with the assessed insurance 
requirements. 
Failure to properly manage these risks may have a material adverse effect on Hemsö's business which could 
adversely affect Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Hemsö has no direct control over jointly-owned companies 
In addition to the Group's wholly-owned subsidiaries, Hemsö holds stakes in a number of companies. Hemsö 
has no exclusive right of decision-making over these companies and is not able, alone, to ensure that 
investments or divestments of properties in these companies take place in accordance with Hemsö's 
requirements. There is a risk that projects and other developments in these companies will be carried out in a 
manner that is detrimental to Hemsö, which may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, 
financial position and earnings. 
Business disruptions and operational shortcomings may cause Hemsö to incur losses 
All operational activities are associated with the risk of incurring losses due to deficient routines and/or the 
business being detrimentally affected by disruptions caused by shortcomings or internal or external events. 
Operational certainty, achieved through sound internal control, appropriate administrative systems and access to

--- Page 18 ---
9 
 
reliable valuation and risk models, is required to mitigate such risks and reduce the risk to Hemsö's 
administrative security and control. However, business disruptions and shortcomings in operational security 
may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Hemsö Treasury is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial condition 
and liquidity of Hemsö Fastighets AB and the Group in addition to that of Hemsö Treasury 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Hemsö Treasury is a company within the Group without significant 
business activities or holdings and accordingly, Hemsö Treasury's ability to pay interest and repay principal in 
respect of its borrowings, including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity of 
Hemsö Fastighets AB and the Group. Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Hemsö Fastighets AB. The Group further intends to provide Hemsö Treasury with liquidity by 
way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for Hemsö Treasury to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, 
conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing liquidity to Hemsö Treasury, there is a risk that 
Hemsö Treasury will not fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in the Notes issued by 
Hemsö Treasury should consider the risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of Hemsö Fastighets AB and 
the Group in addition to that of Hemsö Treasury. 
Loss of key personnel may undermine Hemsö's operations 
Hemsö's business is dependent on experienced employees possessing relevant skills. Such key individuals are 
included among senior executives as well as the Group's employees in general. There may be a risk that, over 
time, Hemsö is unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel to the desired extent. Any disruption caused by the 
departure of one or more key individuals may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial 
position and earnings. 
Hemsö could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
Hemsö's management believes that its risks are covered by appropriate insurance coverage in line with market 
practice.  Hemsö has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business interruption and liability 
for damages. However, the actual losses suffered by Hemsö could exceed its insurance coverage and could be 
material. The realisation of one or more damaging events for which Hemsö has no insurance coverage or for 
which Hemsö's insurance coverage is insufficient could have a material adverse effect on Hemsö's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
Interests of Hemsö's shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes 
The interests of Hemsö's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the holders of the 
Notes, particularly if Hemsö encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due.  In addition, 
Hemsö's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other 
transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions might 
involve risks to the holders of the Notes.  Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on Hemsö's 
operations, financial position, earnings and future prospects.  
Hemsö has a holding company structure in which Hemsö Fastighets AB's subsidiaries conduct its operations 
and own nearly all its properties 
Hemsö Fastighets AB is a holding company. As is usual for property companies, Hemsö's operations are 
principally conducted through subsidiaries.  Hemsö Fastighets AB has no significant assets other than the equity 
interests in its subsidiaries. Hemsö Fastighets AB may use some of the proceeds of the sale of any Notes to 
repay certain of its own debts and may on-lend proceeds under intercompany loans to its subsidiaries for them to 
repay or refinance certain of their indebtedness.  Other than the receivables under intercompany loans and any 
other intra-group loans made in connection with other financing transactions, Hemsö Fastighets AB depends on 
distribution of dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries.  In meeting its payment obligations under the 
Notes (or, as the case may be, the Guarantee of the Notes), Hemsö Fastighets AB is dependent on the 
profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries, whose ability to make dividend distributions may be subject to 
restrictions as a result of factors such as low profitability, restrictive covenants contained in loan agreements, 
foreign exchange limitations, regulatory, fiscal or other restrictions. As a result, Hemsö Fastighets AB's ability 
to make required payments under the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes depends on the performance of its 
subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to it. Such cash flows will depend on the business and financial

--- Page 19 ---
10 
 
conditions of its subsidiaries. In addition, the ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends and distributions 
may be limited by applicable laws and any indebtedness those subsidiaries have incurred. Equally, if Hemsö's 
subsidiaries do not pay any dividends or distributions, or do so irregularly, the Group's performance may be 
adversely affected.  
Further, Hemsö Fastighets AB's right to receive payment of provided financing from the liquidation of one of its 
subsidiaries, and therefore the right of Noteholders to participate in those proceeds, will be structurally 
subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that subsidiary. The Notes issued by Hemsö Fastighets AB and 
the rights under the Guarantee of the Notes (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the claims of all 
holders of debt securities and of other creditors of Hemsö Fastighets AB's subsidiaries. In addition, even if 
Hemsö is a creditor of any of its subsidiaries, its rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any existing 
security interest in the assets of such subsidiary. The Notes issued by Hemsö Fastighets AB are not guaranteed 
by any of Hemsö Fastighets AB's subsidiaries or any other company or person.  In the event of an insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of Hemsö Fastighets 
AB's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations that may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application generally will have the right to be 
paid in full before any distribution is made to Hemsö Fastighets AB. 
Legal risks 
Changes in legislation may adversely affect Hemsö's business 
The majority of Hemsö's tenants engage in publicly funded activities on behalf of the Swedish Government, 
municipalities or county councils, and Hemsö's operations are highly dependent on decisions and requirements 
of public authorities as regards, among other things, property ownership, letting, rent levels, maintenance and 
operation. New or amended laws and regulations, or changes in the application of existing laws and regulations 
governing the operations of Hemsö or its tenants may be introduced. For example, property-related decisions 
made by public authorities or, alternatively in the event that public authorities make assessments which differ 
from those of Hemsö or its tenants regarding licence requirements, health and safety requirements, obligatory 
permits or other commercial law requirements, may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, 
financial position and earnings. 
Hemsö is subject to future possible change in tax laws and regulations  
Hemsö conducts operations in several jurisdictions. Hemsö's operations are affected by the applicable 
corporation tax, value added tax and property tax rules in force from time to time in those jurisdictions in which 
it operates. This is also the case as regards other governmental and municipal charges and contributions. 
Notwithstanding that Hemsö's operations are conducted in accordance with Hemsö's interpretation of applicable 
laws and rules in respect of taxes, there is a risk that its interpretation is incorrect or that applicable tax law and 
rules may be amended with possible retroactive effect. In addition, future changes to applicable tax laws and 
rules may affect the conditions for Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
The Swedish Tax Agency may not agree with Hemsö's previous tax assessment decisions 
The Swedish Tax Agency carries out regular tax assessment audits of companies. There is a risk that, in 
conjunction with a tax assessment audit, the Swedish Tax Agency will not share Hemsö's opinion regarding, for 
example, the right of deduction, possibilities for tax write-offs, or the ability to use loss carry-forwards. Such a 
different opinion by the Swedish Tax Agency may result in unforeseen tax liabilities which may have a material 
adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Disputes and legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Hemsö 
This risk relates to the costs that the Group may incur as a consequence of conducting legal proceedings, 
settlement costs, as well as costs in respect of awarded damages and other obligations which may be imposed on 
Hemsö. Companies within the Group may, from time to time, become involved in disputes within the scope of 
normal business operations and run the risk, similarly to other companies within Hemsö's industry, of being the 
subject of claims with respect to, for example, contractual issues, warranty claims, alleged errors in the 
provision of services, environmental issues and intellectual property rights. Such disputes and claims may be 
time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large amounts, detrimentally affect customer relations and 
result in significant costs. In the event such disputes arise and Hemsö is held liable in damages or enters into a 
settlement agreement, there is a risk that claims will not be covered in full by Hemsö's insurance. In addition,

--- Page 20 ---
11 
 
the outcome of complicated disputes may be difficult to predict. Potential disputes and legal proceedings 
brought against Hemsö may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and 
earnings. 
Environmental risks 
Properties affect the environment through their construction, on-going maintenance and through the activities 
conducted within them. According to the Swedish Environmental Code (Sw: Miljöbalken (SFS 1998:808)), 
persons who pursue activities that have contributed to contamination are responsible for remedying any harm 
caused. In Hemsö's case, it would be its tenants who are pursuing such activities. However, if the person 
pursuing the activity is unable to carry out or defray the cost of remediation, responsibility for the after-
treatment is imposed on the party that acquired the property and, at the time of the acquisition, was aware or 
should have been aware of the contamination. Accordingly, there is a risk that in certain circumstances claims 
may be brought against Hemsö for the clean-up of contamination that has taken place, in order to restore 
properties to a condition that complies with the Swedish Environmental Code. In the event such liability is 
imposed on Hemsö, it may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and earnings. 
Hemsö may have to defend, and may lose, the right to use its trademark 
Recognition of Hemsö's trademarks and business names, and their positive reputation, have contributed to 
Hemsö's success. Hemsö has sought to protect its trademarks through trademark registration. There is a risk that 
a third party may challenge the validity of such registrations or Hemsö's right to use its distinctive marks. 
Defending itself in proceedings regarding the validity of distinctive marks or registrations may be costly and, in 
the event Hemsö is required to cease using its business names or valuable trademarks, this may have a material 
adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Financial risks 
Fluctuations in market interest rates and loan margins may adversely affect Hemsö's business 
Hemsö's operations are primarily financed through equity and interest-bearing debts. Interest expenses represent 
Hemsö's largest individual cost item. As a consequence, Hemsö is exposed to the risk of changes in market 
interest rates and loan margins. The risk is also affected by the strategy Hemsö chooses in respect of fixed–
interest periods. Increased interest expenses may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, 
financial position and earnings.  
Changes in the value of financial derivative instruments may result in losses for Hemsö 
From time to time Hemsö uses interest rate and cross currency derivatives for the purpose of hedging interest 
rate and cross currency risk respectively. Derivatives are regularly reported at fair value in the balance sheet and 
reflect market value fluctuations resulting from changes in interest rates and/or cross currency rates. Such 
fluctuations can present liquidity risks for Hemsö due to requirements for posting of collateral under related 
collateral support agreements, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, 
financial position and earnings. 
Hemsö is exposed to credit and counterparty risk 
There is a risk that Hemsö's counterparties within its financing operations will fail to perform their financial 
obligations to Hemsö. Hemsö's financing activities include, among other things, the execution of long and short-
term loan agreements, the execution of interest rate and cross currency derivatives, as well as the investment of 
liquidity surpluses through the execution of long and short-term loan agreements. There is a risk that Hemsö's 
counterparties will fail to perform their financial obligations to Hemsö, which, notwithstanding Hemsö's use of 
credit support annexes in respect of its derivative transactions, could have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's 
operations, financial position and earnings. 
Hemsö may not be able to refinance its existing loans on competitive terms or at all 
External borrowing accounts for a large part of Hemsö's supply of capital. As these loans mature, they must be 
repaid, extended or renewed. The conditions for Hemsö refinancing loan facilities as they expire depend on 
access to financing at the time and Hemsö's financial position. In the event that Hemsö is unable to secure 
refinancing or can only obtain refinancing at substantially increased costs, this may have a material adverse 
impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings.

--- Page 21 ---
12 
 
A change in the controlling ownership of Hemsö could result in the requirement for Hemsö to repay under the 
terms of its existing financing agreements and Notes issued under the Programme and adversely affect its ability 
to secure subsequent refinancing 
If, for whatever reason, the Third Swedish National Pension Fund was to reduce its holding in Hemsö, this 
could result in control of Hemsö passing to another shareholder. Such a change in controlling ownership could 
affect the general perception of Hemsö, which could entail, among other things, a changed credit rating, and 
may possibly trigger terms in loan agreements that result in the termination of such agreements or a need to 
renegotiate them. Such a provision is included in the majority of loan agreements Hemsö has in place with 
lenders and the Programme. In the event of a change in controlling ownership, Hemsö's ability to secure 
refinancing may be adversely affected, which could indirectly affect the Group's ownership of properties and 
therefore have a material adverse impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Breach of financial covenants may lead to Hemsö's creditors accelerating its loans  
Hemsö's bank loan agreements usually include financial and other covenants. Such covenants may, for example, 
relate to an interest-coverage ratio or loan volumes relative to the fair value of Hemsö's properties. In addition, 
the majority of the financing agreements entitle the lenders to accelerate repayment of the loan in the event that 
the Third Swedish National Pension Fund's direct or indirect ownership represents less than 50.1 per cent. (51 
per cent. in the case of certain agreements) of the voting rights in Hemsö. 
As security for bank loans, Hemsö may grant mortgages over certain properties or security interests in 
intragroup claims against subsidiaries, or Hemsö may issue shares in its subsidiaries, partnerships or limited 
partnerships, or demand guarantees.  
In the event that Hemsö breaches its financial covenants in a loan agreement, or in the event that the Third 
Swedish National Pension Fund's direct or indirect ownership stake falls to below the required percentages 
stated in loan agreements, this may lead to the acceleration of loans or to credit institutions having recourse to 
pledged assets, which may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and 
earnings. 
Major unforeseen payment obligations may impact on Hemsö's liquidity 
Hemsö's payment obligations primarily comprise operating expenses, such as costs for heating, electricity, water 
and refuse collection, agreed maintenance charges, investments in project development and other investments, 
as well as interest on, and the repayment of, debts. Major payment obligations may arise in conjunction with the 
refinancing of loans in the event that lenders demand a lower loan-to-value ratio or if the relevant property falls 
in value following the drawing of the relevant loan by Hemsö. Major unforeseen payment obligations may also 
arise, and there remains a possibility of non-payment to Hemsö of large rent amounts. There is a risk that 
Hemsö's liquidity will be insufficient to cover the performance of its payment obligations, which may have a 
material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Movements in exchange rates may adversely affect Hemsö's business 
Hemsö is exposed to currency risks as a consequence of its operations in Germany and Finland. The Swedish 
krona is Hemsö's reporting currency, but the Group also has revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities in 
currencies other than the Swedish krona. Hemsö's currency exposure is limited to the euro and relates to the 
properties that the Group owns in Germany and Finland. Currency exposure arises in connection with the 
purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than the local currency of Hemsö's relevant 
subsidiary (transaction exposure), and the translation into Swedish krona of the balance sheets and income 
statements of the relevant foreign subsidiaries that are reported in foreign currency (translation exposure). 
Accordingly Hemsö is exposed to exchange rates movements that could affect its income statement and balance 
sheet, which may have a material adverse impact on Hemsö's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer

--- Page 22 ---
13 
 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. The 
relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any such price 
volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, Sustainability Bond or 
Social Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of 
an investor  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Notes specifically for projects and assets that 
promote climate friendly and/or other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) ("Eligible 
Projects and Assets"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other investigation it deems necessary.  
In particular no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects 
and Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with 
which an investor or its investments are required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
relevant Eligible Projects and Assets.  No assurance can be given that any Eligible Projects and Assets will meet 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA). Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in Hemsö's 
Sustainability Bond Framework (the "Framework") and the relevant information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its 
purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects and Assets to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
relevant Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only 
current as of the date that such opinion was initially issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers

--- Page 23 ---
14 
 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or 
the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required, or intends, to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Projects and Assets.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is 
given or made by the relevant Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Eligible Projects and Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so.  There can be no assurance that the relevant Eligible Projects 
and Assets will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and that accordingly that 
the relevant Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects and Assets as intended.  Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects and Assets will be completed as expected or achieve the 
impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated by the relevant 
Issuer. None of (i) a failure by the relevant Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, as the case may be, (ii) a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) 
an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, as 
the case may be, or (iii) the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, as 
the case may be, to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
similar labels, will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as 
Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, as the case may be.  
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, as the case may be, to meet 
investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics 
including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible Projects and Assets, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal 
of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which 
consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate ("CIBOR"), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate 
("STIBOR") and the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR")) are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK

--- Page 24 ---
15 
 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition ‎7(k)(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Discontinuation - 
Independent Adviser), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to any such benchmark that is subject to reform).  
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the 
term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the 
Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as 
applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series 
of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Conditions) with the application of an 
adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of 
the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective.  Such fallback arrangements may also include amendments to the Conditions of the Notes to ensure 
the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions) acting in good faith and as more fully described in Condition ‎7(k) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - 
Benchmark Discontinuation). Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.   
Furthermore, in certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculating the rate of interest for 
a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising from the 
possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 25 ---
16 
 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
In certain instances, the relevant Issuer could substitute the obligor under the Notes without the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute itself in 
respect of all rights and obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with a Substitute. Any such 
substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions which include, among other 
things that where the Substitute is not Hemsö Fastighets AB, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, and the Coupons shall be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Hemsö Fastighets AB. The substitution of the relevant Issuer under the Notes could 
have an adverse effect on Noteholders. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. In particular, potential investors should note that 
any such change in applicable law or administrative practice may have an adverse impact on the secondary 
market value of the Notes. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination. If definitive bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive bearer 
Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls

--- Page 26 ---
17 
 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as 
reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and 
the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme.  The relevant Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SOFR or SOFR Compounded 
Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by 
it (or the other Issuer) under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such 
reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or 
different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of 
Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to

--- Page 27 ---
18 
 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, 
on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an 
Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not 
an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or 
any related index, or discontinue SOFR or any related index 
The Federal Reserve, Bank of New York (or its successor) as administrator of SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free 
rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR or the SOFR Compounded Index, or 
timing related to the publication of SOFR or any related indices.  If the manner in which SOFR or the SOFR 
Compounded Index is calculated is changed, this may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
Notes linked to SOFR or the SOFR Compounded Index and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or any related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  
Credit rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by third-country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in

--- Page 28 ---
19 
 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of 
time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre- 2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including with 
respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the Conditions 
that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their 
redemption. 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time 
be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.   
Enforceability of judgments  
Since the UK ceased to be a Member State of the European Union there is uncertainty concerning the 
enforcement of English court judgments in Sweden or Finland as the regulation concerning the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments that previously applied between the UK and EU Member States, namely the Recast 
Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012) has now ceased to apply to the UK (and UK court judgments). Further, the UK is no longer a 
party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from the courts of contracting states (currently the EU, 
plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) are recognised and enforced in other contracting states. As a result, a 
judgment entered against Hemsö Fastighets AB or Hemsö Treasury in an English court may not be recognised 
or enforceable in Sweden or Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but will be of persuasive 
authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other public 
authorities in Sweden or Finland).

--- Page 29 ---
20 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements (including the independent auditors' 
report thereon and notes thereto) of Hemsö Fastighets AB in respect of the year ended 31 December 
2021 (the "2021 Financial Statements"), as set out on the following pages of Hemsö Fastighets AB's 
2021 Annual Report: 
Multi-year Overview 
Page 85 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 86 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
Page 87 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 88 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 88 
Non-consolidated Income Statement 
Page 89 
Non-consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 89 
Non-consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 90 
Non-consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 91 
Non-consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 91 
Accounting Policies and Notes 
Pages 92 to 112  
Audit Report 
Pages 115 to 117 
Key Ratio Calculations 
Pages 127 to 128 
Definitions 
Page 129 
This 
document 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.hemso.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiella-rapporter/arsredovisningar/annual-report-
2021.pdf  
(b) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements (including the independent auditors' 
report thereon and notes thereto) of Hemsö Fastighets AB in respect of the year ended 31 December 
2020 (the "2020 Financial Statements"), as set out on the following pages of Hemsö Fastighets AB's 
2020 Annual Report:  
Multi-year Overview 
Page 85 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 86 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
Page 87 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 88 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 88 
Non-consolidated Income Statement 
Page 89 
Non-consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 89 
Non-consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 90

--- Page 30 ---
21 
 
Non-consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 91 
Non-consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 91 
Accounting Policies and Notes 
Pages 92 to 112  
Audit Report 
Pages 115 to 117 
Key Ratio Calculations 
Page 131 to 132 
Definitions 
Page 133 
This 
document 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/903a35c87c1e4218a4663d57c5bb8ec7/report  
(c) 
the unaudited interim financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Hemsö Fastighets AB in 
respect of the nine months ended 30 September 2022 (the "Q3 2022 Financial Statements"), including 
the information set out on the following pages: 
Quarterly Overview Q3 2021 
Page 17 
Group -Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 18 
Group - Condensed Statement of Financial Position  
Page 19 
Group - Condensed Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 19 
Group - Condensed Statement of Cash Flows  
Page 20 
Parent Company - Condensed Income Statement  
Page 21 
Parent Company – Condensed Balance Sheet  
Page 21 
Auditor's Review 
Page 24 
Definitions 
Page 25 
Key Ratio Calculations 
Pages 26 to 27 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiella-rapporter/kvartalsrapporter/2022/hemso-
interim-report-q3-2022.pdf  
(d) 
the audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Hemsö Treasury Oyj in respect of the 
period commencing 2 October 2020 (being its date of incorporation) and ended 31 December 2021 (the 
"Hemsö Treasury 2021 Financial Statements"), as set out on the following pages of Hemsö Treasury 
Oyj's 2021 Annual Report: 
Extensive Income Statement 
Page 3 
Balance Sheet  
Page 4 
Statement of Changes in Equity Capital 
Page 5 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 6 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 7 to 20 
This 
document 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.hemso.se/en/about/financial-information/esef/

--- Page 31 ---
22 
 
(e) 
The independent auditor’s report in respect of Hemsö Treasury Oyj's audited financial statements in 
respect of the period commencing 2 October 2020 (being its date of incorporation) and ended 31 
December 2021. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/en/about/financial-information/esef/ 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 8 November 
2021 at pages 23-53 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB and Hemsö Treasury Oyj in 
connection with the Programme which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/6e9b7855f21243d5bf85630eac6c71d1/base-prospectus.pdf 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 27 November 
2020 at pages 22-52 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB and Hemsö Treasury Oyj in 
connection with the Programme which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/6e9b7855f21243d5bf85630eac6c71d1/uko2-2001628680-v1-
hemso-ii---2020-base-prospectus-final.pdf  
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 22 April 2020 
at pages 21-49 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB in connection with the Programme 
which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/6e9b7855f21243d5bf85630eac6c71d1/hemso-2020---base-
prospectus-22-april-2020.pdf 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2019 
at pages 29-57 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB in connection with the Programme 
which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/6e9b7855f21243d5bf85630eac6c71d1/icm-32550657-v1-
hemso_2019_-_final_prospectus_in_pdf-002.pdf  
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2018 
at pages 27-52 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB in connection with the Programme 
which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/6e9b7855f21243d5bf85630eac6c71d1/grundprospekt-emtn-
2018.pdf  
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 9 June 2017 at 
pages 24-49 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB in connection with the Programme 
which is available for viewing on the following website: 
http://www.hemso.se/contentassets/6e9b7855f21243d5bf85630eac6c71d1/icm-27433281-v1-hemso_-
_base_prospectus.pdf 
(l) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 26 August 
2016 at pages 23-47 (inclusive) prepared by the Hemsö Fastighets AB in connection with the 
Programme which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.hemso.se/globalassets/dokument/icm-25058207-v1-hemso_prospectus_-_final.pdf  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the websites listed above or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
23 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor, of the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer.  In relation to the different types of 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuers and the Guarantor have included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at 
the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a 
Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms.   
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable, and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
24 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes 
which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State (which for these purposes 
includes the United Kingdom), the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus.  Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Hemsö Fastighets AB and Hemsö Treasury Oyj (the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") have 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
6,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes") unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Hemsö Fastighets AB, in respect of Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury Oyj only (in such 
capacity, the "Guarantor").  References herein to the "relevant Issuer" shall be references to 
whichever of Hemsö Fastighets AB and Hemsö Treasury Oyj is specified as the Issuer in the applicable 
Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is Hemsö Fastighets AB, 
references herein to "Guarantor" and "Guarantee of the Notes", and related expressions, are not 
applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a 
final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions").  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 8 November 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe plc 
as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with 
the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references to the 
"Agents" are to the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an 
"Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes").  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 8 November 2022 
(the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuers. 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: Pursuant to the deed of guarantee dated 8 November 2022 entered into by the 
Guarantor  (the "Deed of Guarantee{xe "Deed of Guarantee"}") the Guarantor has irrevocably and 
unconditionally agreed to guarantee the obligations of Hemsö Treasury Oyj under and in relation to 
Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury Oyj. 
(f) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(g) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  Noteholders and

--- Page 34 ---
25 
 
the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them.  Copies of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that 
payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment 
Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month;

--- Page 35 ---
26 
 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Change of Control" occurs when a person or persons, acting together, acquire (i) the beneficial 
ownership (directly or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by 
shares of Hemsö Fastighets AB, or (ii) have the power to appoint or remove the majority of the 
members of the board of directors of Hemsö Fastighets AB; 
"Change of Control Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition  9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control); 
"Change of Control Notice" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition  9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control); 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), if any, and (ii) ending on the date 
which is the 120th day after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control 
(such 120th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on 
or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of Hemsö 
Fastighets AB, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on 
the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, 
that it has placed its rating of Hemsö Fastighets AB under consideration for rating review either 
entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control or 
Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date 
which falls 90 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish 
Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks 
(details of historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Clean-up Call Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as such 
amount appears, or would appear, on a consolidated balance sheet of the Group prepared in accordance 
with IFRS as shown in the most recent published audited annual, unaudited semi-annual or unaudited 
quarterly interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;

--- Page 36 ---
27 
 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a 
Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date) that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency 
as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[    (       )]   [   (       )]   (       )
   
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 37 ---
28 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[    (       )]   [   (       )]   (       )
   
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[    (       )]   [   (       )]   (       )
   
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 38 ---
29 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means a financial adviser selected by the relevant Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) the based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies 
and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks 
(details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Deutschland GmbH; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means Hemsö Fastighets AB and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Deed of 
Guarantee; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition  3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition  3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, 
supplemented or re-issued from time to time); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;

--- Page 39 ---
30 
 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or the 
relevant payment date, if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date); 
"Investment Grade Rating Change" means if any rating previously assigned to Hemsö Fastighets AB 
by any Rating Agency is changed from an investment grade rating (being at least Baa3 by Moody's, 
BBB- by Fitch or BBB- by S&P) to a non-investment grade rating (being Ba1 or lower by Moody's, or 
BB+ or lower by Fitch or BB+ or lower by S&P);  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated by the Determination Agent 
which is the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
sum of the then present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on such 
Notes to maturity (or, if a Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to 
the Par Call Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at 
the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
date of redemption; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 40 ---
31 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Hemsö Fastighets AB whose 
total assets or pre-tax profits as shown in the most recent consolidated audited financial statements 
represent 5 per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of the Group as calculated by reference to 
the most recent consolidated audited financial statements of the Group; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Ltd; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS and calculated in cooperation with the Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as 
calculation agent (or any other person which takes over the administration and/or calculation of this 
rate) for the relevant period (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition  3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition  3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Commencement Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of Hemsö Fastighets AB or any of its 
Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, 
refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Indebtedness of Hemsö Fastighets AB or any of its 
Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that:

--- Page 41 ---
32 
 
(i) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all 
accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including 
premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(ii) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed at 
the option of Hemsö Fastighets AB, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the 
Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) 
after the final maturity date of the Notes; 
(iii) 
if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced or discharged is expressly, 
contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(iv) 
if Hemsö Fastighets AB was the obligor on the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced or discharged, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by 
Hemsö Fastighets AB; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of an Issuer or the Guarantor, 
provided such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
Hemsö Fastighets AB, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any 
specific and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential 
Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by Hemsö Fastighets AB, any 
such actual or potential bidder or any such designated advisor to be intended to occur, within 120 days 
of the date of such announcement of statement); 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P; 
"Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the 
Change of Control Period (i) the rating previously assigned to Hemsö Fastighets AB by any Rating 
Agency (at the invitation or with the consent of Hemsö Fastighets AB) is withdrawn and not 
subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period or (ii) the non-investment grade rating 
previously assigned to Hemsö Fastighets AB by any Rating Agency (at the invitation or with the

--- Page 42 ---
33 
 
consent of Hemsö Fastighets AB) is lowered one rating category (for example, from Ba1/BB+ to 
Ba2/BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change 
of Control Period or (iii) an Investment Grade Rating Change occurs and is not subsequently reinstated 
within the Change of Control Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of 
a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of 
Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would otherwise 
apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the withdrawal or reduction was the result of 
the applicable Change of Control; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer, or the Issuer in consultation with 
the Determination Agent, in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, (B) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations, (C) if the Determination Agent obtains only one such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (D) if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent 
(or failing which the relevant Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the 
Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or STIBOR 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate 
shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition ‎7(k)(i) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions - Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser), include any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 43 ---
34 
 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of  
being listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to modify any provision of the Guarantee of the Notes, to change the currency of 
any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
"Secured Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness secured in whole or in part by any assets of Hemsö 
Fastighets AB or any of its Subsidiaries;  
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are

--- Page 44 ---
35 
 
provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount,  any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition  12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition  12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition  2(a) (Interpretation - Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 45 ---
36 
 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:   The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, 
on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs  3(i) (Closed periods) and  3(j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of 
the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of 
the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note 
may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all 
of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph  (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder.  In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the relevant Issuer with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee

--- Page 46 ---
37 
 
(a) 
Status of the Notes:  The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations 
of the relevant Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for such obligations 
as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by Hemsö Treasury 
Oyj in respect of the Notes and any Coupons. This Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Guarantor, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Covenants 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the relevant Issuer nor, if applicable,  
the Guarantor shall, and each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries shall, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security 
Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes or Guarantee of the Notes 
(as applicable) equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes or the 
Guarantee of the Notes (as applicable) as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
(b) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains outstanding 
Hemsö Fastighets AB will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any 
Secured Indebtedness or any secured Guarantee of any Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this 
Condition  5(b) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after 
giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds) the total value of 
Secured Indebtedness or any secured Guarantee of any Indebtedness combined would exceed 40 per 
cent. of Consolidated Total Assets.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition  6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition  10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition  6 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 47 ---
38 
 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition  7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition  10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
(other than in respect of Notes for which SOFR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent, in consultation with the relevant Issuer, will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of  7(c)(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of  7(c)(iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will, in consultation with the relevant Issuer: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer, will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being 
the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major

--- Page 48 ---
39 
 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation 
Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" and 
"Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Not Applicable", the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition  7(d): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set out in this Condition ‎7(d). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that 
immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition ‎7(d)(iii) below will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(             
 
)   
  
   
]     
  
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360);

--- Page 49 ---
40 
 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) Subject to Condition ‎7(d)(iii) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:

--- Page 50 ---
41 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer or the Issuer’s designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
designee pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii)  will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable; and  
(iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) 
or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date:

--- Page 51 ---
42 
 
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided

--- Page 52 ---
43 
 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii)  a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions  to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition  7(d)(iii) 
above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition  20 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
(v) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 7(d), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 53 ---
44 
 
(e) 
Interest – SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination): Where the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" and "Index Determination" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula on the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
(                     
                        )       
  
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index End" means, in respect of an Interest Period the SOFR Compounded Index 
value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR Compounded Index 
value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the Compounded Index Start 
is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number of Index Days" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New York 
time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the SOFR Compounded 
Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of 
interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and as if Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(d) had been specified instead in the 
Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 
7(d) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number of Index Days specified in the Final 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition ‎7(d) above shall apply. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest

--- Page 54 ---
45 
 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, 
in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc.:  All notifications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation Agent will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes.  
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition  13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period 
during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to Condition  7(d) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)) or ‎7(e) (Interest – 
SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)) above, then the final Interest Determination 
Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the 
Conditions. 
(k) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, and other than 
in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", if the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further 
described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding 
Interest Period and for all future  Interest  Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition ‎7(k) during any other future Interest Period(s)).

--- Page 55 ---
46 
 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition  7(k)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the subsequent further operation of this Condition  7(k)) or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in 
Condition  7(k)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation 
of this Condition  7(k)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition  ‎7(k)(ii) 
above, the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine an Adjustment Spread 
(which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread 
may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation 
and adjustment as provided in this Condition ‎7(k). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition ‎7(k) and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition ‎7(k)(v) (Notices, etc.) below, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation 
Agent shall (at the relevant Issuer's expense and direction), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the 
relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement 
and these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition ‎7(k)(iv), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition ‎20 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this

--- Page 56 ---
47 
 
Condition ‎7(k)(v). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition ‎7(k), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition ‎7(c) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 7(k)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the relevant Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date 
and the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition ‎7(k) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition ‎7(k). 
For the purposes of this Condition ‎7(k): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the

--- Page 57 ---
48 
 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition  7(k)(ii) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) above has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes 
or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition  7(k)(iv) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions -Benchmark Discontinuation –Benchmark Amendments); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in  (b)(i) above; 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in  (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in  (e)(i) above;  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(g) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will, on or before 
a specified date, be no longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (g)(i) above; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the relevant Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition  7(k) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuers, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition  7(k); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided 
that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any

--- Page 58 ---
49 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition  7(k)(ii) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) above, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is 
formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition  8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition  10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition  11(Payments - Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable),

--- Page 59 ---
50 
 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the relevant Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition  12 (Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable to procure 
payment by the relevant Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to 
pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or the Republic of Finland or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after an agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or the relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to make such withholding or 
deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case 
may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or the relevant Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to make such withholding 
or deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due (or the case 
may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two 
directors of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, two authorised signatories of 
the Guarantor, stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition ‎9(b), the relevant Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition ‎9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Relevant Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the relevant Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out below) and shall oblige the 
relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on any 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus 
accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such Optional Redemption Date (Call)).  Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than any Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than any Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Where the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) is a Make-Whole Redemption Amount, any 
such notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions

--- Page 60 ---
51 
 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date (Call), or by the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) so delayed. 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition  9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Relevant Issuer), in the 
case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as 
the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition  9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the 
option of the Relevant Issuer) (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed (which will be published by the relevant Issuer in accordance 
with Condition  20 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption), and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition  9(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition  9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so 
long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition  9(e), the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for 
all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control. If a Change of Control Put Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then this Condition  9(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders upon Change of Control) will apply. If after the Issue Date (i) a Change of Control 
occurs; and (ii) within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of 
Control occurs (a "Change of Control Event") the relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of 
any Note, upon the holder of such Note giving notice to the relevant Issuer as provided in this 
Condition  9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control) at any time during 
the Put Option Redemption Period, redeem such Note on the Put Option Redemption Date at 100 per 
cent. of its principal amount together (if applicable) with interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) 
the Put Option Redemption Date. 
Immediately upon the relevant Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, the 
relevant Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 61 ---
52 
 
Condition ‎20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event and the procedure for 
exercising the put option contained in this Condition ‎9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
upon Change of Control). 
To exercise the put option pursuant to this Condition ‎9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
upon Change of Control), a holder must deposit the certificate representing the Note(s) to be redeemed 
with the Registrar or any Paying and Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying and 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar within the Put Option Redemption Period. An Exercise Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition ‎9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control), the relevant 
Issuer may, on not less than 10 or more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days 
after the Put Option Redemption Date, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes at 100 per cent. of 
their principal amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of such 
redemption. Such notice to the Noteholders shall specify the date fixed for redemption, the redemption 
price and the manner in which redemption will be effected. 
For the purpose of Condition ‎9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control): 
(1) 
"Put Option Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date which falls 14 days 
after the date on which the relevant holder exercises its option in accordance with Condition  9(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control); 
(2) 
"Put Option Redemption Period" means the period from and including the date on which a 
Change of Control Event occurs (whether or not the relevant Issuer has given a Change of 
Control Notice (as applicable) in respect of such event) to and including the date falling 45 days 
after the date on which such Change of Control Notice is delivered to the Noteholders, provided 
that if no Change of Control Notice (as applicable) is given, the Put Option Redemption Period 
shall not terminate. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes initially issued (which shall include, for these purposes, any 
further Notes issued pursuant to Condition  19 (Further Issues)) have been purchased and cancelled or 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer (other than as a result of the exercise by the relevant Issuer of its 
redemption right under Condition  9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the 
Relevant Issuer)) the relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in 
that Series at their Clean-up Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption:  The relevant Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs  (a) to  (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as

--- Page 62 ---
53 
 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition ‎9(i) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase:  The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons are purchased therewith.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation.  
(k) 
Cancellation:  All Notes so redeemed or purchased or surrendered for cancellation and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition ‎10 (Payments - Bearer Notes) is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred)  and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph  (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph  (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of 
the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted 
by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to 
which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or their Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition  12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition  12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.   
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will 
be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the

--- Page 63 ---
54 
 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph ‎(a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition  10(f) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition  9(b) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Redemption for tax reasons), Condition  9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of 
the Relevant Issuer), Condition  9(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition  9(g) (Redemption and Purchase - Clean-up Call Option) or Condition  13 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
paragraph  (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition  14 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of 
any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition ‎11 (Payments - Registered Notes) is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 64 ---
55 
 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition  12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition  12 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.   
(d) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on 
the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in 
the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any 
delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or 
(B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition  11 arriving after the due date for payment or 
being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
relevant Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").  Where payment in respect of 
a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the 
address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the relevant Issuer or (as the 
case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by Hemsö 
Fastighets AB), or the Republic of Finland (in the case of payments by Hemsö Treasury Oyj); 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with a Taxing Jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges

--- Page 65 ---
56 
 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon;  
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such withholding or deduction by (i) complying (or procuring that any third party complies 
with) any statutory requirements, (ii) providing (or procuring that any third party provides) 
any certification or documentation or makes a claim under the laws or regulations of a Taxing 
Jurisdiction or an applicable tax treaty which are required to eliminate or reduce such 
withholding or deduction, or (iii) making (or procuring that any third party makes) a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority 
in the place where the relevant Note (or the Note Certificate representing it) or Coupon is 
presented for payment; or 
(iv) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or 
surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such 
period of 30 days. 
(b) 
"Taxing jurisdiction"  means the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by Hemsö Fastighets 
AB), or the Republic of Finland (in the case of payments by Hemsö Treasury Oyj), or in either case any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax or any other 
jurisdiction or political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
payments made by the relevant Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor of principal or interest on 
the Notes or Coupons becomes generally subject to tax and references in these Conditions to the 
Kingdom of Sweden, or the Republic of Finland (as applicable) shall be construed as references to the 
Kingdom of Sweden, the Republic of Finland, and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA:  Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor fails to pay any amount of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes within seven days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor defaults in the 
performance or observance of any of its respective other obligations under or in respect of the Notes 
and such default remains unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the relevant 
Issuer, or if applicable, the Guarantor, by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuers, Guarantor or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is not paid 
when due (within any originally applicable grace period); 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, 
howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due (within 
any originally applicable grace period) any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness;

--- Page 66 ---
57 
 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph ‎(i) and/or sub-paragraph ‎(ii) 
above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph ‎(iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate amounts to at least 1 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment:  one or more judgment(s) or order(s) by a court of competent jurisdiction from 
which there is no right of appeal for the payment is rendered against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Material Subsidiary and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 45 days after the 
date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, of any amount/an aggregate amount 
in excess of EUR 20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(e) 
Security enforced:  a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc.:  (i) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or 
is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application 
for any such appointment is made) in respect of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, (iii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary take any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or 
(iv) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on all or substantially all of its business; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc.:  an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the insolvent or involuntary winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of any Material Subsidiary; or 
(h) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden, or the Republic 
of Finland (as applicable), has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs  (d) 
to  (g) above; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness:  it is or will become unlawful for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of  their respective obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the 
Notes, or 
(j) 
Hemsö Treasury Oyj: if, in the case of Notes issued by Hemsö Treasury Oyj, Hemsö Treasury Oyj 
ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by Hemsö Fastighets AB; 
or 
(k) 
Guarantee of the Notes not in full force and effect: if the Guarantee of the Notes ceases to be, or is 
claimed by Hemsö Treasury Oyj or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and delivered to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and 
payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action 
or formality. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in respect 
of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of 
Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 67 ---
58 
 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the 
case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the relevant Issuer 
may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuers and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuers and the Guarantor reserve the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the relevant Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall 
be convened by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or 
more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method (which 
may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 68 ---
59 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee may be 
amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or as 
a result of the operation of Condition 7(k) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Determination of Rate of 
Interest following acceleration).  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall not agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
 Substitution 
The relevant Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons, Hemsö Fastighets AB or a Subsidiary of Hemsö Fastighets AB (the "Substitute") in the 
manner specified in the Agency Agreement, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed 
Poll"), to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if it had 
been an original party thereto and the Substitute shall enter into a deed of covenant on the 
same terms as the Deed of Covenant, mutatis mutandis; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder, and 
Couponholder against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute's residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with respect to 
any Note, Coupon or deed of covenant and which would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not Hemsö Fastighets AB, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the deed of covenant, the Notes and the Coupons shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Hemsö Fastighets AB substantially in the form 
of the guarantee contained in the Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant, the Notes and Coupons, mutatis mutandis represent valid, legally binding 
and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of Hemsö 
Fastighets AB have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed an 
agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings (as defined in 
Condition  23(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England)) in England; 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to 
listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes will 
be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or 
firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in  (ii) above 
and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this Condition  18 
(Substitution) and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; and

--- Page 69 ---
60 
 
(viii) 
the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice in accordance with 
Condition  20 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, pending 
execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to 
above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition ‎13 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to 
include obligations under the Deed Poll. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail 
(or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the 
Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the 
Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted 
from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such 
order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or 
filing a claim or proof against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the 
Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes, the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor shall indemnify 
each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the relevant Issuer or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor and delivered to the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between 
(i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency 
into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the 
ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum 
paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in

--- Page 70 ---
61 
 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuers and the Guarantor agree that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England:  Notwithstanding Condition  23(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any 
other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process:  The Issuers and the Guarantor each agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on them by being delivered to The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at Business Sweden, 5 
Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG, United Kingdom or to such other person with an address in 
England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuers and the Guarantor 
may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of 
any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  This Condition applies to 
Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 71 ---
62 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[IMPORTANT – [PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore as amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 72 ---
63 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB] / [HEMSÖ TREASURY OYJ] 
[Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Hemsö Fastighets AB] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300VOTS5OZ82UTG69] / [743700D3NKZC0VKKPY05] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [[Green/Sustainability/Social] Bonds] 
under the EUR 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 November 2022 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the Issuer (www.hemso.se).]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [[26 August 2016]/[9 June 2017]/[20 April 2018]/[24 April 2019]/[22 
April 2020]/[27 November 2020]/[8 November 2021]] [and the supplement to it dated [•]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 8 November 2022.  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 8 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] [and 
[•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the Issuer (www.hemso.se).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 (i) 
Issuer: 
[Hemsö Fastighets AB] / [Hemsö Treasury Oyj] 
 
[(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Hemsö Fastighets AB] 
2. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph  25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]]. 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•]

--- Page 73 ---
64 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(NB – Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be 
tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the 
Specified Denomination and integral multiples 
thereof)  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•] 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded Index/STIBOR] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [ 14]/[ 15]/[ 16] below) 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•] / [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
 Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs 
[‎17]/[‎18]/[‎19]/[‎20] below)] 
13. 
 [(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
[(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee of the 
Notes: 
Senior] 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee 
of the Notes] obtained]: 
[•]

--- Page 74 ---
65 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [•]  to [•]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the [Maturity 
Date / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Determination Date 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable] 
15. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [•]  to [•]]/Not Applicable] 
If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in ‎(iv) below/not 
subject to any adjustment, or the Business Day 
Convention in ‎(iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in ‎(iv) below/not 
subject to any adjustment, or the Business Day 
Convention in ‎(iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / 
No Adjustment] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded Index/STIBOR] 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5/[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
66 
 
 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[] U.S. Government Securities Business Day /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[•] [5] 
 
 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[•] [5] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]  
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 76 ---
67 
 
 
(ii) 
Par Call Commencement Date:  
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
/ 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the period 
from and including [insert date 3 months prior to 
maturity]/[other date] to but excluding [date]] [and 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]/in the period from 
and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[DA Selected Bond] / [Insert applicable Reference 
Bond] 
(If a Par Call Commencement Date is included, the 
Reference Bond should mature on the Par Call 
Commencement Date rather than the Maturity Date)  
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder  (Condition  9(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note (Call): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
 Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
 Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[•]

--- Page 77 ---
68 
 
21. 
 Early Termination Amount 
Early 
Termination 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[•]/[Par] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
22. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] /[Par] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
on event of default or other early 
redemption:  
[[•] /[Par] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons: 
[[•] /[Par] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [  ] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note 
 
 
[and 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [•] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)). 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language 
substantially‎ to‎ the‎ following‎ effect:‎ "€100,000‎ and‎
integral‎ multiples‎ of‎ €1,000‎ in‎ excess‎ thereof‎ up‎ to‎

--- Page 78 ---
69 
 
and‎including‎€199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction should not be used in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by a Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.) 
26. 
 New 
Global 
Note/New 
Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest end dates, to which 
sub-paragraph  15 (v) relates] 
28. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
29. 
 Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR][SOFR] 
is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR]/[SOFR] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [Hemsö Fastighets AB] / [Hemsö Treasury Oyj]: 
By: 
 ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of Hemsö Fastighets AB: 
By: 
 ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 79 ---
70 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]/[the Notes to be issued will be unrated]: 
 
 
[[S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
Europe 
Limited 
("S&P")]/[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")]: 
[•]] 
 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if previously published by the ratings provider.] 
 
 
[S&P]/[Fitch]/[•] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") / the rating 
[S&P]/[Fitch]/[•] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") / [S&P]/[Fitch]/[•] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") / [S&P]/[Fitch]/[•] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 [Save for the fees [of [•]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and 
[its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i)  
Reasons for the offer 
[•] / [The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from 
this offer of Notes specifically for projects or activities

--- Page 80 ---
71 
 
that 
promote 
climate-friendly 
and/or 
other 
environmental 
purposes 
/ 
other 
"[Green/Sustainability/Social] Bond" description] 
 
 
(See "USE OF PROCEEDS" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different will need to 
include those reasons here.)] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that

--- Page 81 ---
72 
 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA Not Applicable]  
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared,  
Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 82 ---
73 
 
8. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [GREEN/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL] BONDS  
 
(i) 
[Green/Sustainability/Social] 
Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name 
of third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
 
(iii) 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 83 ---
74 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global 
Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
Where Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 
365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 84 ---
75 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of ‎(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of ‎(b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note", then 
if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition  13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued

--- Page 85 ---
76 
 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of ‎(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of ‎(b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (‎(c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of ‎(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of ‎(b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs:

--- Page 86 ---
77 
 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition  13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of ‎(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (‎(b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form " below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED."

--- Page 87 ---
78 
 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new 
holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation 
with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" 
or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of 
the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release also stated that the new arrangements for 
Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 
and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New 
Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition  13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the 
registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the

--- Page 88 ---
79 
 
persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each 
such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered 
Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of 
the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of ‎(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of ‎(b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 89 ---
80 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by 
or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or common safekeeper or nominee for that depositary, 
common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for 
that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the relevant 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note 
or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a summary of certain 
of those provisions which will be appended to the back of the relevant Global Note: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be 
made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On 
each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any 
day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business 
Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition ‎9(e) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global 
Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put

--- Page 90 ---
81 
 
notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in 
respect of which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition ‎9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Relevant Issuer) in relation to some only of the 
Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be 
selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the 
date fixed for redemption pursuant to Condition  ‎9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of 
the Relevant Issuer) and notice to that effect shall be given by the relevant Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition ‎20 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition ‎20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global 
Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition ‎20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the relevant Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-quarters in aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise 
require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was 
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not 
they participated in such Electronic Consent or voted in a manner contrary to the majority; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the relevant Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the relevant 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global 
Note or a Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the 
entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing 
system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any 
such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out

--- Page 91 ---
82 
 
of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Fiscal Agent shall be 
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 92 ---
83 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The relevant Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes for general corporate purposes, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer intends to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for Eligible Projects and Assets. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as "Green Bonds" (where the Eligible Projects and Assets meet the Green Criteria set out in the 
Framework, defined below), "Sustainability Bonds" (where the Eligible Projects and Assets meet the Green 
Criteria and the Social Criteria set out in the Framework, defined below) or "Social Bonds" (where the Eligible 
Projects and Assets meet the Social Criteria set out in the Framework, defined below), as the case may be.  
Eligible Projects and Assets have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by Hemsö from time to time in 
accordance with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds set out 
in Hemsö's Sustainability Bond Framework (the "Framework") which sets out the added environmental criteria 
required for such issuances (the "Sustainability Bond Terms"). The Framework is available for viewing on 
Hemsö's 
website 
at: 
https://www.hemso.se/contentassets/e8039fdf893c4818a31d63b63e4594c9/20180712140653.pdf. 
Hemsö strives to monitor the development of the green bond, sustainability bond and social bond markets to 
continually advance the sustainable terms of its Framework. Accordingly the Framework may be updated from 
time to time to reflect current market practices. In establishing the terms in the current Framework (published in 
July 2018) Hemsö has sought to comply with the Green Bond Principles 2018, the Social Bond Principles 2018 
and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018 and current best market practice. 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of environmental, social and governance research, ratings, and analysis) 
has evaluated the Framework and has issued a second-party opinion on the Sustainability Bond Terms 
confirming that these align with the core components of the Green Bond Principles 2018, the Social Bond 
Principles 2018 and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018.  The opinion is publicly available on Hemsö's 
website.  
Hemsö has established a committee consisting of members from the finance and sustainability departments to 
nominate and select Eligible Projects and Assets (which must comply with the Sustainability Bond Terms, 
applicable law and regulation as well as Hemsö's internal policies and guidelines). If an Eligible Project or 
Assets no longer qualifies according to the Sustainability Bond Terms, the funds will either be reallocated to 
other Eligible Projects and Assets or returned to the sustainability bond account (a separate account where 
Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds proceeds are credited). The Framework provides that any 
proceeds of Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds that are not yet allocated to Eligible Projects 
and Assets may be invested in short term interest bearing securities according to Hemsö's financial policy. 
Hemsö will report on the use of proceeds and adherence to the Sustainability Bond Terms as part of its annual 
financial and sustainability reporting with relevant information available on Hemsö's website. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Hemsö) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects and Assets to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. See further information under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes 
issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, Sustainability Bond or Social Bond, there can be 
no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor".

--- Page 93 ---
84 
 
DESCRIPTION OF HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB 
HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB  
General 
Hemsö Fastighets AB ("Hemsö", and together with its subsidiaries (including 50 per cent. owned joint ventures) 
taken as a whole from time to time, the "Group") is incorporated as a limited liability company under the laws 
of the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551) 
and registered in Sweden with registration number 556779-8169. Hemsö strives to be the backbone of society 
by sustainably owning, managing and developing properties for public use ("Social Infrastructure") within the 
nursing home, education, healthcare and justice system. Its primary strategy is to have a presence in growth 
regions in which there is strong long-term demand for properties for public use and to engage in effective and 
sustainable management. Hemsö was one of the first Swedish companies to focus on properties for public use in 
Sweden and, over the course of 20 years, has strengthened its position as market leader by developing its 
existing portfolio and through acquisitions and project development. As a result of strategic acquisitions and 
divestments, efficient property management and an established project development organisation, today Hemsö 
is Sweden's leading owner of properties for public use1. In addition, Hemsö has established operations in 
Finland and Germany.  
 
 
 
 
65 per cent. of Hemsö's portfolio is located in Sweden, 18 per cent. in Germany and 17 per cent. in Finland. As 
at 30 September 2022, Hemsö's property portfolio was valued at SEK 85.0 billion (compared to SEK 73.5 
billion as at 30 September 2021) with a lettable area of 2,339,000 m2 (compared with 2,226,000 m2 as at 30 
September 2021). 61 per cent. (compared to 63 per cent. as at 30 September 2021) of rental income is derived 
from public sector tenants such as the State, municipalities, and county councils. The remainder is derived 
predominantly from private tenants who conduct publicly funded activities. 
 
 
 
The business operations of Hemsö started in 2001 when the first properties for public use were acquired under 
Kungsleden AB (publ)'s ("Kungsleden") management. Hemsö became an independent company when it was 
incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as a public limited liability company (publikt 
aktiebolag) on 13 January 2009. It was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Bolagsverket) on 23 March 2009 (with corporate identity number 556779-8169) and has been conducting 
operations since then in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). Hemsö's registered office and 
                                                        
1  
Based on Hemsö's property portfolio value in relation to Hemsö's assessment of the size of the markets in question and the 
property portfolio value of Hemsö's competitors 
Market value of properties
Contracted rent per customer category
Non-profit sector 5%
Region 7%
Private 34%
Municipality 33%
Real Estate 
Infrastructure 
Business 
concept: 
To sustainably 
own, manage 
and develop 
social 
infrastructure 
Real Estate 
Infrastructure 
Market value of properties 
Contracted rent per customer category 
Finland 17% 
Germany 18% 
Sweden 65% 
Non-profit sector 5% 
Region 7%
State 21%
Private 34% 
Municipality 33%

--- Page 94 ---
85 
 
domicile is at Box 24 281, SE-104 51 Stockholm, Sweden, with telephone number +46 8501 170 00. Since 
2013, Hemsö has been owned by the Third Swedish National Pension Fund ("AP3") (70 per cent.) and Hemsö 
Intressenter AB2 (30 per cent.). To the best of Hemsö's knowledge, the rights of AP3 and Hemsö Intressenter 
AB as the shareholders of Hemsö are contained in Hemsö's articles of association and Hemsö will be managed 
in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Swedish law. 
Legal Structure 
The following table represents the ownership structure of Hemsö: 
 
AP3 is a Government authority and is one of five so-called buffer funds within the Swedish national pension 
system. Hemsö is classified as an alternative investment by AP3. Christina Lindenius is the Chairman of the 
board of AP3. Kerstin Hessius3, CEO of AP3, is a member of Hemsö's board. AB Sagax is a property company 
listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm and owns commercial properties, primarily in the 
warehouse and light industrial sector, mainly in Sweden and Finland. David Mindus, board member and 
Managing Director of AB Sagax, is also on Hemsö's board.  
                                                        
2 Hemsö Intressenter AB is, in turn, owned in equal shares by AP3 and AB Sagax (publ). 
3 Kerstin Hessius is due to step down from her role as CEO of AP3 from 31 December 2022. Staffan Hansén has been announced as her 
successor. 
IAP3 Third Swedish National Pension Fund
|AP3 Third Swedish National Pension Fund]|AB
1 SAG AX
HEMSO INTRESSENTER AB
HEMSO
AP3 Third Swedish National Pension Fund AB |S A GAX  
70 % 
50% 
50% 
HEMSÖ INTRESSENTER AB 
30% 
AP3 Third Swedish National Pension Fund

--- Page 95 ---
86 
 
History  
2001 – 2011 
In 2001, as part of its aim to generate a high and stable yield, Kungsleden acquired properties with long leases 
within the nursing home sector. In 2005, Kungsleden increased its focus on properties with public sector 
activities, by expanding to include business areas such as healthcare, schools and the justice system. In 2006, 
Kungsleden established operations in the German market through the acquisition of nine nursing homes, thereby 
increasing Hemsö's geographic diversification.  
AP3 agreed in 2008 to acquire 50 per cent. of Kungsleden's portfolio of properties for public use in Sweden. In 
2009 Hemsö was formed and AP3 became an owner of Hemsö. The establishment of Hemsö as an independent 
operational company with its own management team was completed in 2011 and the head office relocated to a 
separate address in Stockholm. During 2011, Hemsö acquired 17 properties from Kungsleden in Germany with 
a combined property value of SEK 1.3 billion. 
2012 
In 2012, Hemsö continued to grow the value of its property portfolio and made a number of acquisitions and 
some minor divestments. Hemsö also issued its first bond in May 2012, which was issued on the Swedish 
market (an unsecured three-year bond of SEK 750 million). At the end of 2012, AP3 signed an agreement with 
Kungsleden to acquire the remaining 50 per cent. of the shares in Hemsö.  
2013 
Hemsö made its first acquisition in the Finnish market in 2013. In order to broaden the supply of capital and 
secure financing needs over time, Hemsö established a programme for the issuance of commercial paper with a 
programme limit of SEK 2.0 billion as well as a Swedish MTN programme with a programme limit of SEK 6.0 
billion. AB Sagax (a listed Swedish real estate company) acquired a 50 per cent. stake in Hemsö Intressenter AB 
which, in turn, owns 30 per cent. of Hemsö.  
2014 
In 2014, Hemsö acquired 33 properties and sold 68 properties. Through these transactions, Hemsö concentrated 
its property portfolio in growth regions and created more efficient management units. Properties which were not 
in line with Hemsö's strategy in terms of location, category and potential were sold. High quality properties 
primarily within the education, health care and justice system were acquired. Hemsö's property portfolio was 
expanded with a major investment in research and education facilities next to Karolinska Universitetssjukhuset 
in Huddinge. Further properties were added to the portfolio in Germany and Finland.  
2015 
In March 2015, Hemsö obtained a credit rating of ‛A-' from S&P. During the year, Hemsö repaid its shareholder 
loan with a nominal value of SEK 3.0 billion by means of a rights issue which did not affect Hemsö's ownership 
structure. In June, Hemsö and SveaNor established a jointly owned project development company called 
Vitartes, with a focus on Health Care properties and a potential project volume of approximately SEK 4 billion. 
During the third quarter, Hemsö decided to include sustainability as a core business focus.  
2016 
In May 2016 Hemsö issued its first Sustainability Bond. In August 2016 Hemsö established an EMTN 
programme with a limit of EUR 3.0 billion. In September 2016 the first bond was issued under the programme 
into the European market. As at 31 December 2016, Hemsö's property portfolio comprised 356 properties with a 
total property value of SEK 33.6 billion. During 2016 Hemsö appointed Nils Styf as CEO and Rutger Källén as 
CFO. 
2017 
During the second quarter of 2017 Hemsö issued euro bonds of EUR 385 million with maturities between 12 to 
15 years. In June Hemsö was named "Investor of the Year" at the annual nursing and elderly care trade fair 
Altenheim Expo 2017 in Germany. In August 2017 Hemsö acquired an environmental and research centre in

--- Page 96 ---
87 
 
Duisburgh, Germany. As at 31 December 2017, Hemsö's property portfolio comprised 346 properties with a 
total property value of SEK 38.9 billion. 
2018 
In March 2018, Hemsö acquired three university properties in central Helsinki. The tenant is the University of 
Arts which signed a new long-term lease agreement. The total investment volume, including renovation was 
SEK 800 million. In July 2018 Hemsö signed an unsecured SEK 3 billion loan agreement with European 
Investment Bank ("EIB"). Hemsö will use the long-term (up to 25 years) financing facility to build healthcare 
and research infrastructure, elderly care homes and educational facilities, all to nearly-zero-energy-building 
("NZEB") standards. In December, Hemsö purchased the Helsinki Court House for approximately EUR 200 
million. The largest tenant is the Finnish state. The total leasable area is nearly 50,000 sqm and the remaining 
lease term is 12 years. As at 31 December 2018, Hemsö's property portfolio comprised 365 properties with a 
total property value of SEK 46.2 billion. 
2019 
Hemsö signed an agreement during the year for 11 new production projects in Sweden, Finland and Germany. 
The volume of investment for these projects amounts to SEK 2.2 billion, with annual rental income of SEK 135 
million, a rental duration of 19 years and where the Swedish Government, county councils and municipalities 
account for 80 per cent. of rental income. The completed and newly subscribed projects consist of nursing 
homes, kindergartens, primary schools, colleges and rescue centres. They include 3,300 school places, 5,000 
college places and 900 nursing home places. Hemsö sees a great opportunity in contributing to the creation of 
the social infrastructure needed in the future. As at 31 December 2019, Hemsö's property portfolio comprised 
370 properties with a total property value of SEK 55.0 billion. 
2020  
Hemsö continued its growth in Germany by acquiring five secure housing facilities and nursing homes. In 
addition Hemsö acquired one educational property for the justice system in Wiesbaden, Germany. In Finland, 
Hemsö acquired an upper secondary school in Jyväskylä and a university building in Helsinki. Hemsö also 
strengthened its position in Turku by acquiring shares in Turku Technology Properties Oy.  
During the first quarter 2020 Hemsö withdrew equivalent to SEK 1.1 billion under the existing credit framework 
with the EIB for investing in new construction and redevelopment in accordance with the NZEB standard for 
energy efficient social infrastructure. In April 2020 Hemsö obtained a credit rating of ‛A' from Fitch. 
2021 
Hemsö issued a seven-year EUR 500 million bond with a coupon of zero per cent, with an effective annual 
interest rate of 0.12 per cent. Fitch upgraded Hemsö's credit rating to A+ with a stable outlook. 
Hemsö acquired a campus in central Uppsala for conversion into a school campus. The investment amount was 
approximately SEK 1 billion. Hemsö's shareholders decided to make an additional equity injection of SEK 1 
billion. Hemsö increased its shareholding in the Finnish associated company Turku Technology Properties to 44 
per cent. 
Hemsö and Tagebad established a jointly owned company called Hemtag Fastigheter AB to develop, own and 
manage bathing and wellness facilities. 
During the last quarter of 2021 Hemsö signed a loan agreement of SEK 1 billion with the EIB. The capital will 
be used to build more energy-efficient public properties in Sweden and Finland. Sweden Green Building 
Council ("SGBC") named Hemsö winner of the ZeroCO₂  Project of the Year. 
2022 (Q1 – Q3) 
During the first quarter of 2022, Hemsö issued sustainability bonds in the amount of SEK 1.4 billion and 
borrowed the equivalent of SEK 1 billion from the EIB. Hemsö acquired four nursing homes in the states of 
Bavaria and Brandenburg in Germany, the total investment amounting to EUR 46 million. Hemsö signed an 
agreement to develop a new elementary and upper secondary school for 860 students as well as 98 new housing 
units for students and researchers in the Kristiansborg area by Mälardalen University in Västerås, the City of

--- Page 97 ---
88 
 
Västerås and Jensen Education have signed 15-year rental agreements for the schools. The total investment is 
estimated at SEK 400 million.  
During the second quarter of 2022, Hemsö and Hoivamme signed a framework agreement for the construction 
of 10–12 nursing homes in Finland, the investment amounts to EUR 50 million. The Swedish Football 
Association, Upplands-Bro Municipality and Hemsö launched a feasibility study on the establishment of a new 
national training and education centre in Kungsängen. Hemsö was awarded the rental agreement for the new 
Vänersborg District Court. This rental agreement with the Swedish Courts is for a period of 15 years and 
comprises 7,000 sq.m. Johanna Skogestig, CEO of Vasakronan, was elected to Hemsö's Board on 1 July 2022. 
During the third quarter of 2022, Hemsö increased its credit facilities by SEK 2 billion, of which SEK 1 billion 
from a Nordic bank and a SEK 1 billion increase of the subscription agreement from the Third Swedish National 
Pension Fund. Hemsö signed a 15-year rental agreement with Ambea for the expansion, modernisation and 
further development of Villa Sarvträsk, an existing nursing home in Nacka. The investment amount was 
approximately SEK 130 million. The City of Stockholm granted Hemsö two land-use agreements totalling 
20,000 sqm for the development of a training facility for Djurgården Hockey Club in Tallkrogen, and a sports 
centre in Bromma. S&P affirmed Hemsö’s credit rating of A- with a stable outlook.  
The table below shows the change in the value of Hemsö's property portfolio as at 30 September 2022, 
compared to 31 December 2021. 
Changes in value of property portfolio 
 
SEK million 
Number 
Carrying amount at beginning of the year 
75,737 
441 
Acquisitions 
1,923 
26 
Investments in new construction, extension 
and refurbishment 
2,838 
- 
Divestment 
-3 
-1 
Disposal of assets 
-31 
- 
Property adjustment 
- 
2 
Exchange-rate fluctuations 
1,788 
- 
Unrealised changes in value 
2,752 
- 
Carrying amount at period-end 
85,004 
468

--- Page 98 ---
89 
 
The table below shows Hemsö's largest ongoing development projects (over SEK 100 million in value) as at 30 
September 2022.  
Municipality 
Project 
Category 
Certification 
Area, 
sqm 
Investment, 
SEK 
million 
Remaining 
investment, 
SEK 
million 
Increase 
in rental 
value, 
SEK 
million 
Leasing 
rate, % 
Year of 
completion 
Huddinge 
Nya Novum  
Health care 
BREEAM 
49,000 
910 
659 
34 
61% 
2024 
Lahti 
Paavola Campus1) 
Education 
- 
6,500 
178 
98 
17 
100% 
2023 
Göteborg 
Silverkällan 
Nursing home Miljöbyggnad 
13,200 
500 
34 
40 
96% 
2022 
Nacka 
Stavsborgsskolan 
Education 
Miljöbyggnad 
13,000 
327 
192 
32 
100% 
2023 
Staffanstorp 
IES Staffanstorp 
Education 
Miljöbyggnad 
7,000 
300 
15 
16 
100% 
2022 
Stockholm 
Lilla Tensta 
Education 
- 
16,800 
285 
196 
30 
0% 
2023 
Postdam-Mittelmark Kleinmachnow 
Nursing home - 
6,700 
177 
7 
10 
100% 
2022 
Upplands Väsby 
Vågen Vilunda 
Nursing home Svanen 
6,200 
226 
26 
15 
100% 
2022 
Lund 
Växthuset idrott 
Education 
Miljöbyggnad 
4,700 
123 
52 
8 
100% 
2023 
Büttelborn 
Büttelborn 
Nursing home - 
6,200 
181 
81 
12 
100% 
2022 
Täby 
Bylegård 
Nursing home Miljöbyggnad 
5,600 
155 
8 
12 
100% 
2022 
Uppsala 
Kronåsen Campus Education 
- 
16,200 
250 
229 
34 
100% 
2023 
Lauritsa 
Villmanstrand 
Justice system - 
3,100 
116 
31 
8 
100% 
2022 
Uleåborg 
Raksila 
Justice system BREEAM 
2,300 
102 
67 
7 
100% 
2023 
Total 
  
  
  
156,500 
3,830 
1,695 
274 
  
  
  
  
 
1) 4 out of 5 projects are completed as of Q3 2022. 
The following two charts show the historic development of Hemsö's property portfolio.  
 
Market value of properties, SEK million
■Market value, SEK million
100,000
90.000
80.000
70.000
60.000
50.000
40.000
30.000
20.000
1 0,000
■1
■ill
t
I
I
1
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Market value of properties, SEK million 
Market value, SEK million 
1  2  3  4 
2016 
1  2  3  4 
2017 
1  2  3  4 
2018 
1  2  3  4 
2019 
1  2  3  4 
2020 
1  2  3  4 
2021 
1  2  3  4 
2021 
100,000
90,000
80,000
70,000
60,000
50,000
40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000

--- Page 99 ---
90 
 
 
Business Model and Strategy 
Hemsö owns, manages and develops properties for public use in an economically, socially and environmentally 
sustainable manner. Premises are let primarily for activities within the nursing homes, education, health care and 
justice system. The strategy is to maintain a diversified property portfolio in terms of category, tenant structure 
and geographic market. Accordingly, Hemsö currently has operations in Sweden, Finland and Germany in each 
case in areas that are considered to possess long-term growth prospects. Within each region, the properties are 
geographically concentrated in order to promote efficient management. Hemsö's tenants consist primarily of the 
Government, county councils and municipalities, but to a certain extent also private operators who conduct 
publicly-financed activities. The tenants' activities impose specific demands as regards premises, external areas 
and management. Accessibility, user-friendliness for the disabled, security, suitability for a pupil/student base 
and public authority requirements are some of the key requirements. In addition to acquisitions, Hemsö creates 
growth by project development, both by developing new-build properties and within the existing property 
portfolio. Hemsö aims to ensure that its project development business is characterised by: 
 
lease agreements being in place for a substantial part of each new development prior to the 
commencement of each project; 
 
long leases; 
 
sustainable production and sustainable end products; and 
 
fixed-price turnkey projects.  
In order to create favourable opportunities for acquisitions and developments, Hemsö promotes good relations 
with municipalities, county councils as well as private sector and governmental operators. Hemsö is an 
independent company and therefore has to go through procurement and tender processes in respect of such 
acquisitions and developments. Maintaining good relationships with regular counterparties is essential to the 
success and development of Hemsö. 
To clarify Hemsö's strategy, Hemsö has four real estate frameworks. The frameworks aim to ensure that the risk 
in the property portfolio is low and that Hemsö's cash flow is stable over time. 
Profit from property management, SEK million
Rolling 12 months, SEK million
2,800
2,400
2,000
1,600
1,200
800
Profit from property management
700
.11^1
400 -
0 —
-Miimf
iiiii
'
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
12 3 4
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
Profit from property management, SEK million 
Profit from property management 
Rolling 12 months, SEK million 
11  2  3  4
2016 
1  2  3  4 
2017 
1  2  3  4 
2018 
1  2  3  4 
2019 
1  2  3  4 
2020 
1  2  3  4 
2021 
1  2  3  4 
2022 
2,800
2,400
2,000
1,600
1,200
800
400
0
700 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
0 
Q

--- Page 100 ---
91 
 
 
 
Asset management  
Hemsö's asset management focuses on efficiency, sustainability and customising the needs of the tenants. 
Hemsö works in close cooperation with its tenants to understand their future needs and requirements and 
consequently Hemsö's management believes that it has a good general knowledge and understanding of its 
customers' businesses. The properties are concentrated in certain geographical areas in order to create efficient 
management. Hemsö's tenants engage in long-term activities with long leases, a factor which facilitates 
sustainable management and efficient use of resources.  
Hemsö has a clear focus on development and continually improving efficiency in order to exploit the economies 
of scale available to a company of its size. Management in Sweden is organised into four regions: East, West, 
Central/North and South. Customer relations and property development are handled locally by each regional 
team. In addition, Hemsö has country managers in Finland and Germany whose role also covers asset 
management for those countries. Contact with tenants is handled locally by the managers and responsible 
personnel in each region/country. In addition, Hemsö has customer account managers with specific 
responsibility for larger tenants in Sweden, such as the Swedish Police Authority, the Stockholm Region, 
Academedia, the City of Turku and Attendo.  
Hemsö places great importance on keeping vacancy levels as low as possible. The occupancy rate as at 30 
September 2022 was 97.9 per cent. (98.0 per cent. as at 30 September 2021). The majority of Hemsö's leases 
include a provision for rent increases based on changes in the Swedish Consumer Price Index ("CPI") in 
addition to base rents (i.e. such leases are wholly or partially linked to inflation). Given that Hemsö's leases are 
usually signed with a duration of 10-20 years (the average remaining lease term was 9.8 years as at 30 
September 2022) and there is a low vacancy rate amongst Hemsö's properties, combined with the fact that 
Hemsö's tenants have high credit ratings, this has ensured historically high and stable rental income and minimal 
bad debt losses. 
Public-sector tenants
- At least 50 per cent of rental income
% 65
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 Q3
Nursing homes
- At least 30 per cent of rental income
% 45
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 Q3
Metropolitan areas and large cities
- At least 75 per cent of rental income
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 Q3
Rental duration
- At least 5 years
Year 12
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 Q3
2017 
2021Q3 
2017 
2020 
Nursing homes 
Public-sector tenants 
At least 50 per cent of rental income 
At least 30 per cent of rental income 
Metropolitan areas and large cities 
At least 75 per cent of rental income 
Rental duration 
At least 5 years 
82 
9.8 
61 
38 
% 65
60
55
50
45
40
% 45
40
35
30
25
20
% 85
80
75
70
65
60
Year 12
10
8
6
4
2
0
2018            2019           2020           2021         2022 Q3 
2018            2019           2020           2021         2022 Q3 
2018            2019           2020           2021         2022 Q3 
2018            2019           2020           2021         2022 Q3

--- Page 101 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
Project development 
Hemsö engages in project development by working closely with the Swedish Government, county councils and 
municipalities in order to identify and seize project development opportunities at an early stage. Many Swedish 
municipalities have an ageing property portfolio, with the consequence that there is a need for new properties 
and refurbishment of existing properties.  
In order to meet the on-going needs of tenants and ensure that the property portfolio is well maintained and 
retains its value over time, Hemsö regularly refurbishes and builds extensions to its existing portfolio.  
Hemsö has an in-house project development organisation in each Swedish region responsible for project 
development. Hemsö also maintains relationships with municipalities and county councils in order to identify 
new project opportunities at an early stage. Project development takes place in-house or together with partner 
Economic occupancy rate, %
2021
2022 Q3
Rental duration
- At least 5 years
Year 12
Economic occupancy rate, % 
97.9 
9.8 
Rental duration 
At Least 5 years 
2018                2019                2020                2021             2022 Q3 
2018          2019          2020          2021       2022 Q3 
100
95
90
85
80
0
Year 12
10
8
6
4
2
0

--- Page 102 ---
93 
 
companies. Project risks are minimised by the fact that Hemsö will only commence a project once leases are 
largely secured for it. The projects are often carried out pursuant to fixed price agreements to ensure greater cost 
control, or with target price an incentives depending on how difficult the projects are. In addition, to the extent 
required, project development in Germany and Finland is handled locally. 
Set out below are four of Hemsö's on-going projects as at 30 September 2022: 
Vänersborg District court 
  
 
Type of project: New build development 
Location: Vänersborg 
Project space: 6,850 m2 
Description of project: Hemsö is constructing the new district court in Vänersborg with eleven courtrooms of 
which two are security courtrooms with high security control. Domstolsverket has signed 15-year leases. 
Scheduled project completion date: 2026 
 
Uppsala Kronåsen 
  
 
Type of project: Refurbishment 
Location: Uppsala 
Project space: 28,300 m2 
Description of project: Hemsö is renovating, refurbishing and converting this building for school activities. 
Scheduled project completion date: 2024 
 
Gothenburg Capella  
 
 
Type of project: New build development 
Location: Lindholmen, in Gothenburg 
Project space: 11,500 m2 
Description of project: Hemsö is constructing premises for health care, school and nursing homes. 
Scheduled project completion date: 2024

--- Page 103 ---
94 
 
 
Nacka Stavsborgsskolan 
 
 
Type of project: New build development 
Location: Nacka, in greater Stockholm 
Project space: 13,900 m2 
Description of project: Hemsö is constructing a new school for 1,200 pupils. The municipality has signed a 25-
year lease. 
Scheduled project completion date: 2023 
 
Transaction activities 
As a consequence of a growing and ageing population, there is strong demand for properties for public use in 
Sweden. The Swedish rental and transaction market for properties for public use is mature and the concept of 
properties for public use being privately owned is well-established. Hemsö is acknowledged in the property 
market and has established good relations with the Swedish Government, municipalities, county councils as well 
as private operators.  
Municipalities have overall responsibility to provide certain public services, including care for the elderly and 
education for the young. As many of Hemsö's properties are tailored to the provision of such services, default by 
a tenant that is a private operator in respect of these is likely to lead to the relevant municipality taking over such 
private operator's obligations under the relevant lease. 
Hemsö has its own transaction management team which supervises acquisitions and divestments and involves 
the local management teams as required. Transactions concerning properties for public use involve processes to 
secure political support and entail a complicated regulatory regime, which may result in relatively lengthy 
processes. Agreements concerning acquisitions and divestments are often of a standardised nature and usually 
contain customary warranties. 
The Finnish market for properties for public use is relatively immature compared to the Swedish market and 
there is a lower number of such properties in comparison with Sweden. Germany, on the other hand, has a very 
large property market for nursing homes owned by a large number of smaller property owners. The German 
market for nursing home properties is thus relatively fragmented and characterised by high transaction costs. 
Hemsö has developed a high level of familiarity and experience in both the Finnish and the German markets, 
which is utilised in connection with acquisitions.  
Competition 
Competition in the transaction market for properties for public use has increased since Hemsö was first 
established where both larger institutions and newly established companies compete. Hemsö's long-term 
perspective, knowledge, geographical coverage and experience has given Hemsö advantages to be able to invest 
in high quality properties for the long-term or grow the portfolio through project development. 
Sustainability 
Sustainability is integrated into Hemsö's operations and is based on Hemsö's sustainability policy, which 
contains overall standpoints on how Hemsö's operations should be developed in relation to environmental, 
social and economic sustainability. Sustainability management is also governed by several other guidelines, 
procedures and instructions regarding, for example, occupational health and safety, choice of materials and 
waste. The objective is that sustainability will be fully integrated with business management and planning. 
Hemsö's focus in this respect entails the following:

--- Page 104 ---
95 
 
 
Social sustainability – conducting operations with respect for the health, rights and welfare of other 
people and, through Hemsö's operations, working towards a society and workplace based on these 
principles.  
 
Environmental sustainability – carrying out projects and operations that improve energy efficiency and 
reduce energy consumption; increasing the share of renewable energy and the number of 
environmentally certified buildings respectively.  
 
Economic sustainability – generating profitability and economic growth within the framework of social 
and environmental sustainability described above. 
Hemsö's targets with respect to sustainability include, amongst other things, the following:  
 
property portfolio (like-for-like portfolio) to be 3 per cent. more energy efficient each year;  
 
all new buildings will be environmentally certified as Silver standard or higher according to 
Miljöbyggnad4 or similar level or higher from a comparable certification system (LEED5, BREEAM,6 
DGNB7 or Svanen8); 
 
environmental certification for at least 50% of portfolio in 2025 including In-Use certification; 
 
100 per cent. fossil-fuel free energy usage and net-zero carbon dioxide emissions generated from the 
property portfolio by 2035 at the latest; 
 
survey climate related risks on Hemsö's properties and undertake necessary measures to avoid negative 
consequences of these risks;  
 
reduce the total climate influence that occurs for new development and major renovations;  
 
promote the development of climate smart and sustainable buildings by investing in new technological 
solutions and innovations in both new developments and existing property portfolio; and 
 
be climate neutral with regards to business travels. 
 
                                                        
4  
Swedish environmental certification system used for residential and commercial buildings. The rating scale is from Gold to 
Bronze. 
5  
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design - an internationally recognised green building certification system. 
6  
BREEAM - sustainability assessment method for projects, infrastructure and buildings.  
7  
German Sustainable Building Council - sustainable buildings certification system. 
8  
The Nordic Swan Ecolabel is the Nordics' official ecolabel and works on behalf of the Swedish government for sustainable 
production and consumption.

--- Page 105 ---
96 
 
 
Financing and capital structure 
The overall objective of Hemsö's financial risk management is to maintain a stable capital structure and to 
optimise the financial position within the given risk framework set under its financial policy described below. 
Hemsö is financed with both shareholders' equity and external debt financing. Hemsö's external borrowing 
includes both bank facilities and capital markets funding. As at 30 September 2022, interest bearing liabilities 
amounted to SEK 48,792 million (compared to SEK 43,067 million as at 30 September 2021) and comprises 
bank loans and unsecured bonds and commercial paper. Shareholders' equity amounted to SEK 31,449 million 
(compared to SEK 25,646 million as at 30 September 2021), with an equity ratio of 35 per cent. (compared to 33 
per cent. as at 30 September 2021). In 2015, Hemsö received a credit rating from S&P. The current rating is 'A-' 
with stable outlook. In April 2020, Hemsö received a credit rating from Fitch. The current rating is 'A+' with 
stable outlook. 
Responsibility for Hemsö's financial transactions and risks is managed centrally by its treasury department 
based in Stockholm. The department is tasked with managing existing debt, supplying new borrowing for 
acquisitions and investments, ensuring efficient liquidity management, and limiting financial risks. The work is 
governed by the financial policy adopted each year by the Board of Directors. The financial policy governs the 
allocation of responsibilities and risk mandates and establishes principles regarding reporting, follow-up and 
control. Strategic finance matters are decided by Hemsö's Board of Directors. 
The following table sets out the key requirements contained within the financial policy and Hemsö's 
performance in respect of each as at 30 September 2022. 
Summary of Financial Policy 
Financing risk 
Policy 
Outcome 
Loan-to-value ratio 
Max. 60% 
54.8% 
Loan maturity 
At least 3 years 
6.5 years 
Debt-coverage ratio 
At least 125% 
188% 
Share of secured debt 
Max. 20% 
0.0% 
Interest-rate risk 
 
 
Interest-coverage ratio 
At least 3.0 times (rolling 12-month period) 
6.1 times 
Fixed-rate period 
Average fixed-rate period, 3-8 years 
5.7 years 
Fixed-rate maturity 
Max. 40% within 12 months 
29% 
Counterparty risk 
 
 
Financial instruments 
Bank with a minimum credit rating of A- (S&P) 
Fulfilled 
Currency risk 
 
 
Sustainability a Key Part of Hemso's Strategy
Governance
Environmental
Ethics code
Swedish Public Procurement ACT
Internal controls
Audit Committee
Board of Directors
Corporate policies
External controls
AP3 ownership
Auditors
Energy consumption
Renewable energy
Material choices (Sunda Hus)
Environmental certification
All new developments
Existing properties (currently 46)
NZEB - Near Zero Energy Buildings
GRES
■I
III!
■■■Ill
MILJO
BYGGNAD
“7“
BREEAMSE
Social
Community engagement
Quality outdoor environments
(school playgrounds)
Safe environment for tenants
and end users
Zero tolerance policy for accidents
Skolgardslyftet
Environmental 
 
Energy consumption 
Renewable energy 
Material choices (Sunda Hus) 
Environmental certification 
All new developments 
Existing properties (currently 46) 
NZEB – Near Zero Energy Buildings 
Social 
 
Community engagement 
Quality outdoor environments 
(school playgrounds) 
Safe environment for tenants 
and end users 
Zero tolerance policy for accidents 
Governance 
 
Ethics code 
Swedish Public Procurement ACT
Internal controls 
Audit Committee 
Board of Directors 
Corporate policies 
External controls 
AP3 ownership 
Auditors 
Sustainability a Key Part of Hemsö's Strategy

--- Page 106 ---
97 
 
Currency exposure 
Max. 20 % of the Group's equity 
1.8% 
 
The following table sets out Hemsö's sources of interest bearing liabilities as at 30 September 2022. 
 
 
Q3 2022 
Q3 2021 
 
(SEK million) 
Bonds, SEK 
15,135 
13,107 
Bonds, EUR 
19,034 
17,467 
Bonds, NOK 
2,044 
1,461 
Bonds, AUD 
Bonds, USD 
Bonds, JPY 
361 
1,335 
771 
317 
1,055 
- 
Total bonds 
38,680 
33,407 
Of which sustainability 
bonds 
7,660 
3,711 
Commercial papers 
4,432 
5,213 
European Investment 
Bank 
4,061 
2,882 
Nordic Investment Bank 
800 
800 
Schuldschein 
819 
765 
Secured loans 
- 
- 
Interest-bearing debt 
48,792 
43,067 
Of which sustainable 
finance 
12,520 
7,393 
 
The following table sets out the complete debt maturity profile of and fixed interest periods of Hemsö's 
outstanding loans, bonds and commercial paper as at 30 September 2022.  
 
 
Loan maturity 
Fixed-rate period 
Year 
Credit agreement, 
SEK million 
Drawn, SEK 
million 
Share, % 
SEK million 
Share, % 
2022 
700 
700 
1 
11,653 
24 
2023 
3,501 
3,501 
7 
2,895 
6 
2024 
16,004 
4,504 
9 
1,583 
3 
2025 
3,900 
2,900 
6 
1,550 
3 
2026 
7,806 
6,806 
14 
6,006 
12 
2027 
2,164 
2,164 
4 
1,664 
3 
2028 
5,525 
5,525 
11 
5,425 
11 
2029 
4,430 
4,430 
9 
4,430 
9 
2030 
2,277 
2,277 
5 
2,277 
5 
>2030 
11,552 
11,552 
24 
11,309 
23 
Total 
57,859 
44,359 
91 
48,792 
100 
Commercial papers 
 
4,432 
9 
 
 
Total 
 
48,792 
100

--- Page 107 ---
98 
 
The following two graphs set out Hemsö's loan-to-value ratio and interest coverage ratio as at 31 December for 
each of the years between 2018 and 2021 and the nine months ended 30 September 2022.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overview of market 
The markets for public properties are growing in all three countries where Hemsö is conducting business. 
Demand for community services, and therefore demand for properties for public use, is expected to increase as a 
consequence of the demographic trends of an ageing and increasing population generally. In Sweden, Germany 
and Finland, the standard and quality of properties for public use are high and are subject to detailed design and 
usage requirements.  
In Sweden the market for public properties has generally increased in recent years following divestments by the 
Swedish Government, city councils and municipalities. Despite the fact that competition in the category has 
increased and the number of companies focusing on properties for public use is steadily increasing, most of the 
properties for public use are still owned by Sweden's 290 municipalities and county councils, although the trend 
of property divestment by the public sector continues. Hemsö is an independent company and transacts with all 
entities, including those in the public sector, on an arm's length basis. Within community services, private sector 
Loan-to-value ratio, %
70
65
2018
2019
2022 Q3
Interest-coverage ratio, times (rolling 12-month period)
i
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 Q3
 
 
 
 
 
Loan-to value ratio, % 
Interest-coverage ratio, times (rolling 12-month period) 
6.1 
54.8 
2018                 2019                2020                 2021             2022 Q3 
2018                2019                 2020                2021             2022 Q3 
70
65
60
55
50
0
7
6
5
4
3

--- Page 108 ---
99 
 
alternatives are steadily increasing, with the consequence that the construction of new properties for private 
sector alternatives is increasingly being carried out by parties other than the Government, municipalities or 
county councils. It is thus likely that Sweden's stock of privately-owned properties for public use will continue 
to grow in the long term. In addition, there is a substantial need for further development of school premises and 
nursing homes in Sweden, a strong trend towards urbanisation and a growing appetite for the provision of public 
funding to finance the business/activities of Hemsö's tenants.  
Properties for public use in Finland are also largely owned by the Government and municipalities. The 
privatisation of community services such as nursing homes, education and health care is less extensive. Going 
forward, Hemsö intends to continue to focus on supporting the public sector by providing new social 
infrastructure and will continue to benefit from the fact that it is one of the first private owners of properties for 
public use. 
In Germany where Hemsö mainly owns nursing homes, care for the elderly takes place on a competitive basis. 
General and public nursing home insurance schemes were introduced in the mid-1990s. The insurance schemes 
are financed through a special payroll tax and managed by private insurance funds. When the insurance policy 
matures, the individual citizen can choose to receive care at home or move to a nursing home. Nursing homes 
are operated and owned by a range of providers, including private companies on a for-profit basis, charitable 
organisations, foundations and trade unions.  
Between January and September 2022, a total of 26 properties were acquired for SEK 1.9 billion. In Sweden, 
properties were acquired for SEK 1.2 billion, in Germany for SEK 0.7 billion and in Finland for SEK 36 
million. Acquisitions have occurred in all Hemsö´s property categories which is in line with Hemsö´s strategy 
on quality and geographical concentration to regions with demographic growth. Hemsö will continue to develop 
its portfolio through acquisitions and project development.  
Property portfolio 
On 30 September 2022, Hemsö's total property value amounted to SEK 85.0 billion (compared to SEK 73.5 
billion as at 30 September 2021) and comprised 468 properties (compared to 426 as at 30 September 2021), of 
which the lettable area was 2,339,000 m2 (compared to 2,226,000 m2 as at 30 September 2021). During the most 
recent five-year period, the value of Hemsö's portfolio has increased in total by 132 per cent., representing 
average annual growth of 18 per cent. Hemsö's current portfolio has developed through acquisitions and project 
development and has been streamlined through the divestment of non-strategic properties. Growth has taken 
place with maintained profitability and a balanced approach to financial risk. 
Hemsö's property portfolio is divided into the following property categories: nursing homes, education, 
healthcare and justice system. The properties are located in Sweden, Germany and Finland. As at 30 September 
2022, Hemsö owned 308 properties (compared to 282 as at 30 September 2021) in Sweden, 86 (compared to 80 
as at 30 September 2021) in Germany and 74 (compared to 64 as at 30 September 2021) in Finland. As at 30 
September 2022, the market value of Hemsö's property portfolio was SEK 85.0 billion (compared to SEK 73.5 
billion as at 30 September 2021), which corresponds to SEK 36,342 per m2 (compared to SEK 33,032 per m2 as 
at 30 September 2021). This valuation is determined as an individual assessment of market value for each 
property, each quarter. The valuation method is based on a cash flow analysis which, in turn, is based on each 
property's budgeted net operating income. Market values are determined using both externally obtained 
valuations and Hemsö's internal calculation model. All properties are valued externally at least once a year. The 
valuation report for the year ended 31 December 2021 was delivered by Savills plc (in relation to the Swedish 
portfolio), JLL (in relation to the Finnish portfolio), and CBRE (in relation to the German portfolio). In recent 
years, Hemsö has created more efficient management units and continued its expansion in Finland and 
Germany. 
In Sweden and Finland, Hemsö owns properties in each of the categories of nursing homes, education, 
healthcare and justice system. 
The property portfolio in Germany consists of three categories: nursing homes, education and justice system. 
Hemsö's portfolios are concentrated in towns and cities in which there is deemed to be strong long-term demand 
for properties for public use.

--- Page 109 ---
100 
 
The following charts show the distribution of the portfolio by contracted rent per property category: 
 
 
Key data per property category and region, as at 31 December 2021  
 
Market value of 
properties, SEK 
million 
No. of 
properties 
Rental 
value, SEK 
million 
Occupancy 
rate, 
% 
Lettable 
area, sqm 
Long-term 
valuation 
yield 
, % 
Long-term 
valuation 
yield,  
average, % 
Nursing homes 
4,165 
19 
176 
92.9 
105 
3.5 - 5.5 
3.8 
Education 
6,847 
41 
273 
98.8 
141 
3.5 - 6.3 
3.9 
Health care 
7,784 
17 
371 
95.0 
137 
3.5 – 7.3 
4.0 
Justice system 
2,127 
2 
111 
96.1 
43 
4.0 – 4.7 
4.5 
Sweden East 
20,924 
79 
931 
95.8 
426 
3.5 – 7.3 
4.0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nursing homes 
2,558 
30 
148 
98.7 
85 
3.6 – 6.0 
3.7 
Education 
3,926 
29 
163 
98.2 
129 
3.5 – 7.1 
4.4 
Health care 
1,747 
26 
114 
96.1 
83 
4.4 - 8.3 
5.4 
Justice system 
775 
4 
51 
97.8 
33 
4.7 - 5.3 
4.8 
Sweden West 
9,006 
89 
476 
97.8 
330 
3.5 - 8.3 
4.5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nursing homes 
5,711 
41 
271 
100.0 
203 
3.6 - 5.5 
4.1 
Education 
4,951 
17 
218 
100.0 
139 
4.2 - 8.0 
4.3 
Health care 
194 
3 
14 
97.3 
9 
5.0 – 5.8 
5.3 
Justice system 
1,518 
3 
104 
100.0 
38 
3.9 - 5.0 
4.2 
Sweden 
Central/North 
12,374 
64 
606 
99.9 
390 
3.6 - 8.0 
4.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nursing homes 
3,024 
26 
150 
95.6 
102 
3.7 - 6.3 
4.2 
Education 
4,654 
28 
190 
96.7 
131 
4.0 - 7.5 
4.2 
Health care 
164 
4 
8 
91.1 
10 
4.9 - 5.9 
3.4 
Justice system 
363 
4 
20 
99.2 
12 
4.3 - 5.3 
4.4 
Sweden South 
8,205 
62 
368 
96.3 
255 
3.7 - 7.5 
4.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nursing homes 
9,915 
72 
446 
100.0 
356 
3.4 - 5.2 
4.2 
Education 
1,840 
4 
77 
100.0 
38 
4.3 - 5.0 
4.3 
Contracted rent per property category
Education 33%
Nursing homes 38% 
Justice system 13% 
Health care 16% 
Education 33% 
Contracted rent per property category

--- Page 110 ---
101 
 
Justice system 
987 
5 
57 
100.0 
34 
2.9 - 5.6 
3.5 
Germany 
12,742 
81 
581 
100.0 
429 
2.9 - 5.6 
4.1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nursing homes 
3,607 
35 
206 
99.6 
114 
4.3 - 10.0 
5.0 
Education 
4,482 
17 
204 
99.6 
140 
3.83 - 6.0 
4.6 
Health care 
1,612 
7 
123 
100.0 
69 
5.3 - 6.3 
5.6 
Justice system 
2,785 
7 
144 
91,6 
66 
4.8 - 6.8 
4.9 
Finland 
12,486 
66 
678 
97.9 
389 
3.8 - 10.0 
4.9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nursing homes 
28,980 
223 
1,397 
98.4 
965 
3.4 - 6.3 
4.2 
Education 
26,701 
136 
1,125 
98.8 
718 
3.5 - 7.5 
4.3 
Health care 
11,502 
57 
631 
96.1 
308 
3.5 - 5.9 
4.4 
Justice system 
8,555 
25 
488 
96.2 
226 
2.9 - 5.3 
4.5 
Total 
75,737 
441 
3,640 
97.9 
2,218 
2.9 - 10.0 
4.3 
 
Tenants and lease structure 
The rental market for properties for public use is characterised by long leases, credit worthy tenants, low 
volatility as regards rent levels and limited risk of vacancy. Hemsö has a large number of leases, on average 
with long term maturities. The tenants are primarily comprised of the Swedish State, county councils, 
municipalities and private operators, including a couple of large, listed companies, who conduct publicly funded 
activities. The total rental value of the property portfolio on 30 September 2022 was SEK 4,222 million 
(compared to SEK 3,725 million as at 30 September 2021), of which the assessed rental value of vacant 
premises amounted to SEK 92 million (compared to SEK 76 million as at 30 September 2021). 
The following table sets out Hemsö's 20 largest tenants as at 30 September 2022. 
Tenant 
Category 
Contracted 
annual. Rent, 
SEK million 
Percentage 
of 
contracted 
annual 
rent, % 
No. of lease 
agreements 
The Swedish Police Authority  
State 
224 
5.4 
33 
Region Stockholm 
Region 
201 
4.8 
76 
Academedia 
Private 
166 
4.0 
22 
City of Turku (Fin)  
Municipality 
164 
3.9 
13 
Attendo  
Private 
139 
3.3 
75 
Ministry of Justice (Fin) 
State 
127 
3.0 
13 
AWO Hessen Süd (Ger)   
Nonprofit 
110 
2.6 
12 
City of Västerås 
Municipality 
108 
2.6 
21 
Mälardalen University  
State 
105 
2.5 
3 
Internationella Engelska skolan 
Private  
82 
2.0 
11 
Alloheim (Ger) 
Private 
80 
1.9 
10 
Ambea  
Private 
77 
1.8 
10 
Norrköping Municipality   
Municipality 
74 
1.8 
15 
City of Lahti (Fin) 
Municipality 
65 
1.5 
5 
Karolinska Institute 
State 
64 
1.5 
4 
HEWAG (Ger) 
Private 
64 
1.5 
9 
North Rhine-Westphalia (Ger) 
State 
60 
1.4 
1 
Västra Götaland Region 
Region 
59 
1.4 
63 
 
 
 
 
 
Gävle Municipality 
Municipality 
53 
1.3 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mehiläinen (Fin) 
Private 
52 
1.2 
9 
Total 
 
2,074 
49.6 
425 
 
 
Public-sector 
 
Private-sector 
(Fin) = Finland 
(Ger) = Germany

--- Page 111 ---
102 
 
As at 30 September 2022, the economic occupancy rate was 97.9 per cent. (compared to 98.0 per cent. as at 30 
September 2021). As at 30 September 2022, the average remaining lease term was 9.8 years (compared to 9.6 
years as at 30 September 2021). As at 30 September 2022, Hemsö had approximately 2,600 leases allocated 
(compared to approximately 2,600 leases as at 30 September 2021), where 425 leases (compared to 435 leases 
as at 30 September 2021) were held by the 20 largest tenants. As at 30 September 2022, the 20 largest tenants 
accounted for 49.6 per cent. (compared to 50.9 per cent. as at 30 September 2021) of Hemsö's total lease value. 
Revenues from public sector tenants, i.e. the State, municipalities and county councils, accounted for 61 per 
cent. (compared to 63 per cent. as at 30 September 2021) of Hemsö's total lease value.  
The following graph show the rental maturity, annual rent SEK million 
 
According to the assessment of management, the majority of Hemsö's rental income contain provisions for the 
increase of rent in line with increases in CPI inflation. The long leases, combined with tenants with assured 
payment capability and a low vacancy rate, contribute to stable rental income and minimal bad debt losses.    
Employees 
As at 30 September 2022, Hemsö had a total of 159 full-time employees (compared to 156 as at 30 September 
2021). In addition to certain joint group functions, Hemsö's operational structure comprises management 
organisations in Sweden, Finland and Germany. Hemsö's management team comprises nine individuals 
(compared to ten as at 30 September 2021), including all country managers, CEO and CFO, as well as heads of 
the following joint group functions: Project Development, HR, Legal, Transactions, Communications and Asset 
Management. Hemsö's management team has overall responsibility for, among other things: strategic issues; 
business development; investments and divestments; results monitoring; personnel; and Investor Relations 
issues. For further information regarding group management, see "Board of Directors and Senior Management" 
below.  
 
Rental maturity, annual rent, SEK million
Total
2022
2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028
2029 2030 2031 2032
2033 2034 2035
2036 2037 2038 2039 2040 2041 >2041
Rental maturity, annual rent, SEK million 
Rental 
duration, years 
9.8 
4,500
4,000
3,500
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
Total    2022   2023   2024    2025   2026    2027   2028   2029    2030   2031    2032   2033   2034    2035   2036   2037    2038   2039    2040   2041  >2041 
1% 
6% 
5% 
6% 
5% 
6% 
7% 
5% 
6% 
7% 
4% 
5% 
4% 
5% 
3% 
5% 
2% 
4% 
3% 
3% 
8% 
Rental maturity, annual rent, SEK million

--- Page 112 ---
103 
 
DESCRIPTION OF HEMSÖ TREASURY OYJ 
Overview 
Hemsö Treasury Oyj ("Hemsö Treasury") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hemsö Fastighets AB. Hemsö 
Treasury is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland with business identity code 3166158-1. 
Hemsö Treasury was incorporated pursuant to an agreement of incorporation dated 2 October 2020 and was 
established upon registration with the Finnish Trade Register on 3 November 2020 under the Finnish Limited 
Liability Companies Act (624/2006, as amended) as a public limited liability company. Hemsö Treasury's 
registered address is c/o Newsec Asset Management Oy, PL 52, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
All transactions between Hemsö Fastighets AB and Hemsö Treasury are carried out on an arm's length basis. 
Business of Hemsö Treasury 
According to its articles of association, the scope of business of Hemsö Treasury is to directly and indirectly, 
through wholly or partly owned companies, acquire, invest in, develop, sell and rent real estate, real estate 
companies, limited liability housing companies and related assets. Hemsö Treasury may engage in the financing 
of direct and indirect real estate investments. Hemsö Treasury may also engage in financing activities of group 
companies through borrowing and lending and the granting of guarantees and collateral on behalf of group 
companies' obligations. In addition, the company may issue bonds and receive financing. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of Hemsö Treasury are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Nils Styf 
Member 
Rutger Källén 
Deputy member 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is c/o Newsec Asset Management Oy, PL 52, 
FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
None of the members of the Board of Directors has any activities outside the Group which are significant with 
respect to the Group. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Hemsö Treasury of any of the members of the 
Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Oy was appointed as independent auditor of Hemsö Treasury and Antti Suominen, an authorised 
auditor, was appointed as the auditor in charge for the initial accounting period of Hemsö Treasury which 
commenced on 2 October 2020 (being its date of incorporation) and ended on 31 December 2021. 
KPMG Oy Ab was appointed as independent auditor of Hemsö Treasury at the annual general meeting held on 
28 April 2022 and Marcus Tötterman, an authorised auditor, has been appointed as the auditor in charge.  
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of Hemsö Treasury is EUR 80,000 divided 
into 100 ordinary shares. The shares have no nominal value. Hemsö Treasury's issued and fully paid up share 
capital is EUR 80,000 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Financial Information 
Hemsö Treasury's annual financial year-end date is 31 December and its first financial year-end date was 31 
December 2021.

--- Page 113 ---
104 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
According to Hemsö's articles of association, the Board of Directors shall consist of three to eight members 
elected by the shareholders at a general meeting. The Board of Directors currently consists of six members 
(elected by the 2022 annual general meeting held on 28 April 2022 for the period until the 2023 annual general 
meeting.).  
The current members of Hemsö's Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside Hemsö 
Pär Nuder 
Chairman 
Chairman of Aimo Holding AB; and 
Board member of TPPG The Perimeter Production AB and Azelio 
AB; and 
Senior Counsellor of Albright Stonebridge Group. 
Johanna 
Skogestig 
Member 
CEO of Vasakronan AB. 
Maria Björklund 
Member 
Head of alternative investments at AP3; and 
Board member of Polhem Infra AB, 4to1 Investments AB, Fastighets 
AB Regio, Hemsö Intressenter AB and Trophi Fastighets AB. 
Kerstin Hessius 
Member 
CEO of AP39; and 
Board member of Svenska Handelsbanken AB. 
David Mindus 
Member 
CEO and Board member of AB Sagax; 
Chairman of Hemsö Intressenter AB; and 
Board member of Söderport Holding AB, Torslanda Property 
Investment AB and Mindustri AB. 
Johan Thorell 
Member 
CEO and Board member of Gryningskust Holding AB; 
Chairman of Kallebäck Property Invest AB; and 
Board member of AB Sagax, Tagehus Holding AB, K2A Knaust & 
Andersson Fastigheter AB, Storskogen Group AB and Nicoccino 
Holding AB. 
 
The business address of each Director is Hemsö Fastighets AB, Linnégatan 2, Box 24 281, 104 51 Stockholm, 
Sweden. 
 
                                                        
9 Kerstin Hessius will step down from her role as CEO of AP3 on 31 December 2022.

--- Page 114 ---
105 
 
The current members of Hemsö`s senior management are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside Hemsö 
Nils Styf 
CEO  
Chairman of the Board of NP3 Fastigheter AB and Lanthem 
Samhällsfastigheter 
AB 
and 
Board 
member 
of 
Mattssons 
Fastighetsutveckling AB, Bonava AB and Cibus Nordic Real Estate 
AB 
Rutger Källén 
CFO, deputy CEO 
Turku Technology Properties Oy 
Mats Wilborg 
General Counsel  
None 
Kristina Rosqvist Head 
of 
Eastern 
Region, Sweden 
Board member of Rosqvist&partner AB 
Anna Marand 
Head 
of 
Project 
Development 
Board member of Fastighets AB Regio and OJM Sport&Media AB 
Jens Nagel 
Country 
Manager, 
Germany 
None 
Jarkko Leinonen Country 
Manager, 
Finland 
Turku Technology Properties Oy 
Åsa Thoft 
Head 
of 
Communications 
None 
Staffan Arwidi  
Head 
of 
Transactions 
Board member of Lanthem Samhällsfastigheter AB 
 
No member of the Board of Directors or senior management has any private interests or other duties that might 
conflict with Hemsö's interests. 
Insurance 
Hemsö's management believes that its property risks are appropriately covered by insurance which is in 
accordance with industry practice. Hemsö has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business 
interruption and liability for damages.

--- Page 115 ---
106 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's state and of the Issuers' state of incorporation might have an impact on the income 
received from the securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date. 
The Kingdom of Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of 
Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the summary does not address the 
rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, not 
described below. In addition, the summary does not address Notes that are held on an "investment savings 
account" (investeringssparkonto) that are subject to a specific tax regime. Investors should consult their 
professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and 
effect of taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident of 
Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, or 
(b) an entity not organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a 
non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does 
not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively 
connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a non-
resident holder of any Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a non-resident holder will not be subject to Swedish 
income tax unless the non-resident holder of Notes carries on business activities in Sweden through a permanent 
establishment to which the Notes are attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have 
lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar 
years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties 
between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable.

--- Page 116 ---
107 
 
Amortization of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax law does not impose 
withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of notes. However, if amounts that are 
considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on 
such payments at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Finnish taxation 
The following summary is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, and 
is subject to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following 
summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Finnish tax law considerations that could be 
relevant for holders of the Notes and does not take into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other 
than Finland. This summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor inheritance tax consequences. Prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own professional tax advisers as to the tax consequences relating to 
investments in the Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by Hemsö Fastighets AB under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for 
any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or assessed by Finland. 
All payments made by Hemsö Treasury Oyj under the Notes to other than Finnish resident individuals may be 
made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or assessed 
by Finland. 
Finnish Resident Individuals  
A tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), has to 
be withheld from the interest paid to a Finnish resident individual or an undistributed estate of deceased Finnish 
resident, unless otherwise indicated below. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount of interest 
paid.  
However, the Finnish Act on Source Tax on Interest Income is not applicable, inter alia, if a prospectus does not 
have to be prepared with respect to the Notes due to (i) the Notes being provided to qualified investors only, (ii) 
the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the EEA to a maximum number of under 150 investors 
who are not qualified investors, or (iii) the Notes not being offered for a consideration of less than EUR 100,000 
per investor and for each separate offer or in denomination of less than EUR 100,000 per unit. In this case the 
Finnish tax rules are as follows: If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a Finnish resident individual or 
an undistributed estate of a deceased Finnish resident, such interest is subject to advance withholding tax in 
accordance with the Finnish Withholding Tax Act (20.12.1996/1118, as amended) and final taxation as capital 
income in accordance with the Finnish Income Tax Act (30.12.1992/1535, as amended) (the Finnish Income 
Tax Act). The current withholding tax rate is 30 per cent. The advance tax withheld by the company is credited 
against the final tax payable by the recipient of interest paid on the Notes. The final capital income tax rate is 30 
per cent up to EUR 30,000 and 34 per cent of the annual capital income exceeding EUR 30,000. 
If the Notes are disposed of during the loan period, any capital gain received is taxed as capital income at a flat 
rate of 30 per cent up to EUR 30,000 and 34 per cent of the annual capital income exceeding EUR 30,000. 
Capital losses are deducted in the first place from capital gains incurred during the loss year. If the losses cannot 
be deducted from capital gains, they can be deducted from other capital income incurred during the loss year. 
The losses that cannot be deducted from capital gains nor other capital income incurred during the loss year will 
be used as the basis for confirming the capital losses for that tax year, and those confirmed losses would be 
deductible from capital gains and other capital income for the next five years. Capital gains are tax-free if the 
total transfer prices of all assets transferred during the tax year do not exceed EUR 1,000. Correspondingly, 
capital loss is non-deductible if the total acquisition costs of all assets transferred during the tax year do not 
exceed EUR 1,000 and the total transfer prices of all assets transferred during the tax year do not exceed EUR 
1,000. 
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return.

--- Page 117 ---
108 
 
Finnish Resident Corporations 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a corporation residing in Finland as further defined in the Finnish 
Income Tax Act, such interest is not subject to any preliminary withholding. The interest is subject to final 
taxation of the recipient in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (24.6.1968/360, as amended). 
The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent. 
Capital gains are currently taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. Generally, a capital loss is deductible from the 
resident corporations' income arising in the same year and during the following ten fiscal years. 
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return. 
Non-Residents 
Non-residents are not subject to taxation in Finland under the Notes. 
The interest paid to an individual or a corporation not residing in Finland may be subject to tax regulations in 
their state of residence. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, the transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers or sales of the securities. However, the 
Notes are not classified as securities within the meaning of the Finnish Transfer Tax Act (29.11.1996/931, as 
amended) and, thus, transfer tax is not payable, provided that the yield of the Note is not determined by the 
profit of the Issuer or by the amount of dividend or otherwise entitles to the share of annual profit or surplus of 
the Issuer.  
No transfer tax is payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.   
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements.  Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Kingdom of Sweden and the Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way

--- Page 118 ---
109 
 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of 
the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer).  However, if additional 
notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their 
own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 119 ---
110 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the relevant Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Danske Bank A/S, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Nordea Bank  Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) and any additional dealers that may accede to the 
programme from time to time (the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the relevant Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated 
dealer agreement dated 8 November 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for 
Notes under any Relevant Agreement (as defined therein) is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain 
circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such 
agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), and a single Dealer for 
that Tranche to be issued by the relevant Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of 
that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the relevant Issuer and subscribed  by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described 
in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will 
be joint and several and the names of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any 
of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 120 ---
111 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be)  in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive (Directive (EU) 
2016/97), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs ‎(a) to ‎(b) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as

--- Page 121 ---
112 
 
the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public offer selling restrictions under the UK Prospectus Regulation: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or

--- Page 122 ---
113 
 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuers; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuers; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA").  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.   
The Kingdom of Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved by 
the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and such 
competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been approved 
with respect to the EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus 
is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite the issue of, or offer, sell advertise or otherwise 
market or place the Notes, in the Republic of Finland otherwise than in conformity with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) 
as well as the regulations issued pursuant thereto and that the Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, 
advertised or otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute an offer of the Notes to 
the public under the EU Prospectus Regulation and that any offers of the Notes in Finland will only be made in 
accordance with the restrictions and qualifications as set forth above in "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors".

--- Page 123 ---
114 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and it will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and it has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers and the Guarantor.

--- Page 124 ---
115 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment and subsequent update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Hemsö Fastighets AB passed on 15 August 2016 and resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of Hemsö Treasury Oyj passed on 16 November 2020 and 4 November 2022. Each of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving 
of the Guarantee of the Notes.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Hemsö Fastighets AB 
and its subsidiaries since 30 September 2022. There has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Hemsö Fastighets AB and its subsidiaries since 31 December 2021. 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Hemsö Treasury Oyj 
since 31 December 2021. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Hemsö 
Treasury Oyj since 31 December 2021.  
Auditors 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of Hemsö Fastighets AB have been audited without qualification 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 by  Ernst & Young AB, Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 
Stockholm, Sweden who are authorised and regulated by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants 
– Revisorsinspektionen, who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of 
their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
6. 
KPMG AB, Vasagatan 16, SE-111 20 Stockholm, Sweden who are authorised and regulated by the 
Supervisory Board of Public Accountants – Revisorsinspektionen were appointed as independent 
auditors of Hemsö Fastighets AB at the annual general meeting on 28 April 2022. 
7. 
The consolidated financial statements of Hemsö Treasury Oyj have been audited without qualification 
for the period commencing 2 October 2020 (being its date of incorporation) and ended 31 December 
2021 by Ernst & Young Oyj of Alvar Aallon katu 5 C, FI-00100, Helsinki, Finland who have given, 
and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the 
form and context in which it is included. The independent auditors of  Hemsö Treasury Oyj have no 
material interest in Hemsö Treasury Oyj. 
8. 
KPMG Oy Ab, who are authorised and regulated by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office, were 
appointed as independent auditors of Hemsö Treasury Oyj at the annual general meeting on 28 April 
2022.  
Listing Agent 
9. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers and 
the Guarantor in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
10. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) are available for 
viewing on the website https://www.hemso.se/en/ for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 125 ---
116 
 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuers and the Guarantor (as may be updated from time to 
time); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreements. 
Material Contracts 
11. 
There are no contracts having been entered into by the Issuers or the Guarantor outside the ordinary 
course of any of the Issuers' or the Guarantor's or a member of the Group's businesses, which are, or 
may be, material and contain provisions under which the Issuers or the Guarantor or any member of the 
Group has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor to meet their obligations in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
12. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN, "FISN") and Classification of Financial Instruments (as updated, as set 
out on the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN, "CFI") code (as 
applicable) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
Conflicts of Interest 
13.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuers, the 
Guarantor (as applicable) and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor (as applicable) and their affiliates, investor clients, or 
as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instrument 
of the Issuers, the Guarantor (as applicable) and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and the Guarantor (as applicable) routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuers, the Guarantor (as applicable) and their affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments

--- Page 126 ---
117 
 
Legal Entity Identifiers 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of Hemsö Fastighets AB is 549300VOTS5OZ82UTG69 and 
the LEI code of Hemsö Treasury Oyj is 743700D3NKZC0VKKPY05. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
15. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
16. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the 
relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche. 
17. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
Issuer Website 
18. 
The website of the Issuers and the Guarantor is https://www.hemso.se/. Unless specifically 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
118 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB 
Linnégatan 2 
Box 24 281 
104 51 Stockholm 
Sweden 
HEMSÖ TREASURY OYJ 
c/o Newsec Asset Management Oy 
PL 52 
00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
GUARANTOR 
HEMSÖ FASTIGHETS AB 
Linnégatan 2 
Box 24 281 
104 51 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
ARRANGER & DEALER 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
DEALERS 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB BANK ASA, SWEDEN BRANCH 
Regeringsgatan 59 
105 88 Stockholm 
Sweden 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (PUBL) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
SVENSKA HANDELSBANKEN AB (PUBL) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 2 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
SWEDBANK AB (PUBL) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 128 ---
119 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor  
as to English law: 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor  
as to Swedish law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 ann eimer   artlin   d   at  r     
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Box 1711 
111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Finnish law: 
White & Case LLP 
Aleksanterinkatu 44 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Current auditors to Hemsö Fastighets AB 
KPMG AB 
Vasagatan 16 
SE-111 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Previous auditors to Hemsö Fastighets AB 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Current auditors to Hemsö Treasury Oyj 
KPMG Oyj Ab 
Tӧӧlӧnlahdenkatu 3A 
00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Previous auditors to Hemsö Treasury Oyj 
Ernst & Young Oyj 
Alvar Aallon katu 5 C 
FI-00100, Helsinki 
Finland 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland