--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 
 
HERA S.p.A. 
(incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a joint stock company) 
€4,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €4,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), HERA S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or “Hera” or the “Company”, and together with 
its subsidiaries, the “Hera Group” or the “Group”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €4,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 24. 
This base prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of Hera or of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The Central Bank is also requested to provide the 
competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with a certificate of such approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation (the “Notification”). The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the 
EEA with a Notification. 
Application has also been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market (“Euronext Dublin”) and to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets (including stock exchanges in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and/or in other Member States within the EEA) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect 
to Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets (including stock exchanges in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading 
facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or in other Member States within the EEA) will be filed, notified and published in 
accordance with applicable law and regulation provisions. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.The Issuer 
may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a Drawdown 
Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and shall expire on 11 April 2024.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer has been rated “BBB+” (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and “Baa2” (negative outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service 
España (Sociedad Unipersonal). The Programme has been rated “BBB+” by S&P and “(P)Baa2” by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”) Each of S&P, Moody’s Investors 
Service España (Sociedad Unipersonal) and Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such each of Moody’s Investors Service España (Sociedad Unipersonal), Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by 
the relevant rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA 
Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating and an 
issuer’s corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR and amounts payable on floating rate notes issued under the Programme may, in 
certain circumstances, be determined in part by reference to such indices, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR is included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).

--- Page 2 ---
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Mediobanca 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Mediobanca 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 April 2023

--- Page 3 ---
i 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with any Tranche of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other 
than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Dealers and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. Furthermore, with respect to Notes described as “Green Bonds”, none of 
the relevant Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of such Notes and no representation 
is made by the relevant Dealers as to the suitability of the Notes described as “Green Bonds” to fulfil 
environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Hera Group (as defined below) and of the rights 
attaching to the relevant Notes and reach its own view, based upon its own judgement and upon advice from 
such financial, legal and tax advisers as it has deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own circumstances based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary prior 
to making any investment decision. In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(v) consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable 
in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; and 
(vi) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Furthermore, the investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
(including any of their respective affiliates and parent companies) expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions,

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers (including any of their respective affiliates and parent companies) 
do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, nor assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom 
and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person 
making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, as the case may be) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be), in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the 
correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. Notwithstanding the above, any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect 
the trading price for the Notes issued under the Programme. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus or to other Notes issued under the 
Programme. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus. In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation 
and UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or the UK 
and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the

--- Page 7 ---
v 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU or UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU 
(or non-UK) rating agency is certified in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European and UK regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European and UK regulated investors selling the Notes which may have an 
impact on the value of the Notes. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings 
is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. See also “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Market – Credit 
ratings may not reflect all risks”. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements 
identified by the use of terminology such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, 
“expect”, “future”, “help”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “project”, “shall”, “should”, “will”, “would” or the 
negative or other variations thereof as well as other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements relating to the Hera Group’s potential 
exposure to various types of market risks. These statements are based on the Issuer’s current expectations 
and projections about future events and involve substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than 
statements of historical facts, contained herein regarding the Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, future financial 
position, projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual 
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements. Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or 
underlying forward-looking statements. In addition, all subsequent written or oral forward looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements contained throughout this Base Prospectus including any document 
incorporated by reference herein. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise 
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. As a

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results or otherwise. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND THIRD PARTIES INFORMATION 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other industry 
data pertaining to the Issuer and the Group’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of estimates 
based on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from other external 
sources, and on the Issuer’s knowledge of its sales and markets. In many cases, there is no readily available 
external information (whether from trade associations, government bodies or other organisations) to validate 
market-related analyses and estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates. There 
are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by this information. While the Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the best of its 
knowledge, correctly reproduced market or other industry data or any other information from external 
sources, including third parties or industry or general publications, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have 
independently verified that data. The Issuer cannot assure investors of the accuracy and completeness of, 
and takes no responsibility for, such data other than the responsibility for the correct and accurate 
reproduction thereof. The information in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and no facts 
have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, 
information regarding the sectors and markets in which the Group operates may not be available for certain 
periods and, accordingly, such information may not be current as of the date of this Base Prospectus. All 
sources of such information have been identified where such information is used. Similarly, while the Issuer 
believes such information to be reliable and believes its internal estimates to be reasonable and confirms all 
information to be up to date on the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, it has not been verified by any 
independent sources. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on such information. See also “Forward-
Looking Statements”, above. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Applicable Final Terms”. In such circumstances, a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be 
constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and 
the Group and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration 
document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Group, a securities note 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read 
and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO “GREEN BONDS” AND “SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED 
NOTES” 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes which are categorised as “Green 
Bonds” whose net proceeds are intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing and/or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). In 
such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, under 
the section of the Base Prospectus headed “Use of Proceeds” and/or paragraph “Reasons for the offer – Use 
of Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information, together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances.  
The Issuer may also issue Notes which are categorised as “Sustainability-Linked Notes” if the Step Up Option 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Unlike Green Bonds, Sustainability-Linked Notes are 
not intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled projects but will be used for general corporate purposes. In such 
circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out under, or referred to in, 
Conditions 4.6 (Step Up Option) and 13A (Available Information) and the relevant Final Terms and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of 
their own circumstances. 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” the Issuer has published in May 2022 a “Green Financing 
Framework” which is available on the Issuer’s website at: abaece92-838e-0532-b793-5f60dd4f73e0 
(gruppohera.it) (the “Green Financing Framework”). A second party consultant appointed by the Issuer, 
namely Sustainalytics, has reviewed Hera’s Green Financing Framework and issued a second party opinion 
on 29 April 2022 (the “2022 Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion”) which is available on 
the Issuer’s website at: 5d8d9976-b8ee-f405-dd39-872e48dc9f4f (gruppohera.it).  
In connection with the issue of “Sustainability-Linked Notes” the Issuer has published in October 2021 a 
“Sustainability-linked Financing Framework” which is available at the following website: 
https://eng.gruppohera.it/documents/1514726/11907512/Sustainability-
Linked+Financing+Framework.pdf/47b7b353-8d41-6d38-d422-525b354ed05d?t=1633085964274 
(the 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”). A second party consultant appointed by the Issuer, 
namely Sustainalytics, has reviewed Hera’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and issued a second 
party opinion on 4 October 2021 (the “2021 Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion”) 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://eng.gruppohera.it/documents/1514726/11907512/Second+Party+Opinion.pdf/6780ece3-f53a-ea47-
19bb-84dd144d66e7?t=1633418315358.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers or the 
second party consultant as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any framework, 
opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with any such and/or the offering of “Green 
Bonds” or any “Sustainability-Linked Notes” issued under the Programme. Any such framework, opinion, 
report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and the information in such framework, opinion, report or 
certification will not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of 
any offer to purchase or subscribe for, and should not be relied upon in connection with making any 
investment decision with respect to, any “Green Bonds” or any “Sustainability-Linked Notes” issued under

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
the Programme. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, 
together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances. Any such framework, opinion, report 
or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability-Linked Notes”. Any such 
framework, opinion, report or certification is only current as at the date that such framework, opinion, report 
or certification was initially issued. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes qualified as “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability-Linked Notes” are listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer (including any of their respective affiliates and parent 
companies)  that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
See also “Risk Factors – Risks related to the characteristics of Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes”. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain certain unaudited 
alternative performance measures (the so-called APMs) which are different from the IFRS-EU financial 
indicators adopted by the Group and set forth in the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Hera 
as at and for the financial year ended, respectively, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Except for Adjusted APMs described below, such APMs are obtained directly from the audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of Hera as at and for the financial year ended, respectively, 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021. In particular, such indicators are included under the section concerning the analysis 
of the operating results and investments, as well as under the section concerning the analysis of the financial 
structure and investments of the above mentioned documents. Adjusted APMs included reconciling items 
not extracted directly from the audited consolidated financial statements, however the reconciliations show 
how the figures are calculated. 
 
Hera uses such measures to express trends in the profitability of the businesses in which the Issuer operates 
as well as to assess the financial performance, equity and liquidity of the Issuer’s business. The Issuer 
believes that these and similar measures are used widely by the investment community, securities analysts 
and other interested parties, as supplemental measures to assess liquidity and operating performance (overall 
and within each business unit), including comparisons between the reporting period and previous periods, 
and are intended to assist in the analysis of the Issuer’s results of operations, profitability and ability to 
service debt. Such measures are used as financial targets in internal presentations (e.g., business plans) and 
external presentations both for analysts and investors.  
APMs may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies and have 
limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the

--- Page 11 ---
ix 
Group’s operating results as reported under IFRS. 
An explanation of the relevance of each of the APMs and a reconciliation of the non-IFRS measures to the 
most directly comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS is presented in the 
director’s report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
APMs are not measures of financial performance recognized under IFRS and they should not be considered 
as alternatives to net income (loss) as measures of operating performance, operating cash flows, the basis for 
dividend distribution or as measures of liquidity. Consequently, the methodology used for their calculation 
may not be consistent with that adopted by other companies and, therefore, the APMs the Issuer presents 
herein may not be comparable with those of others. Some of the limitations of APMs are that: 
• 
they do not reflect the Issuer’s cash expenditures or future requirements for capital investments or 
contractual commitments; 
• 
they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Issuer’s working capital needs;  
• 
they do not reflect the significant interest expense or cash requirements necessary to service interest or 
principal payments on the Issuer’s debt; 
• 
they do not reflect any cash income taxes that the Issuer may be required to pay;  
• 
they are not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in the Issuer’s 
consolidated income statement; 
• 
they do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from certain matters the Issuer considers 
not to be indicative of the Issuer’s ongoing operations; 
• 
assets are depreciated or amortized over differing estimated useful lives and often have to be replaced 
in the future, and these measures do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and 
• 
other companies in the Issuer’s industry and analysts may calculate these measures differently than Hera 
does, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
Because of these limitations, the APMs should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available 
to the Issuer to invest in the growth of the Issuer’s business or as measures of cash that will be available to 
Hera to meet its obligations or as measures of performance in order to assist in the analysis of its operating 
results and profitability. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on the Issuer’s 
financial statements and using these non-IFRS measures only as a supplement to evaluate its performance. 
Furthermore, the Hera Group determines its operating indicators for the reporting period by reclassifying, 
within the result from special items, any significant components of income that (i) derive from non-recurring 
events or transactions, i.e. any transactions or events that are not frequently repeated during the usual course 
of business; or (ii) derive from events or transactions that do not represent normal business activities.  
On 3 December 2015, the Commissione per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) issued Communication No. 
92543/15 (“CONSOB Communication”) that acknowledged the Guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in 
regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 (the “Guidelines”). These Guidelines 
– which update the previous CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b) – are aimed at promoting the 
usefulness and transparency of APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and 
comprehensibility. In addition, ESMA also published a Questions and Answers (Q&A) document on the 
Guidelines, last updated on 1st April 2022, to promote common supervisory approaches and practices in the 
application of the Guidelines. 
In line with the Guidelines and CONSOB Communication, the definitions, contents, basis of calculation and 
criteria used to construct the APMs adopted by Hera are described below. Any operating, financial and fiscal

--- Page 12 ---
x 
special items and managerial adjustments (not directly extracted from the financial statements) are then 
described. 
OPERATING APMS AND INVESTMENTS 
Ebitda (hereinafter referred to as Ebitda) is calculated as the sum of the operating income shown in the 
balance sheets and depreciation, amortization and write-downs. 
Adjusted Ebitda (hereinafter referred to as Ebitda*) is calculated based on Ebitda, as described above, 
adding or subtracting managerial adjustments. 
Ebit is calculated by subtracting operating costs from operating revenues. Among operating costs, special 
operating items are deducted from amortisations and provisions. 
Adjusted Ebit (hereinafter referred to as Ebit*) is calculated based on Ebit, as described above, adding or 
subtracting any managerial adjustments. 
Adjusted pre-tax results (hereinafter referred to as Pre-tax results*) are calculated by subtracting the 
financial operations shown in the balance sheets from adjusted Ebit, as described above, net of any special 
financial items. 
Adjusted net results (hereinafter referred to as Net results*) are calculated by subtracting from adjusted 
pre-tax results, as described above, the taxes shown in the balance sheets minus special fiscal items and the 
fiscal effect of any managerial adjustments. 
Results from special items (if present in the current report) are aimed at drawing attention to the result of 
the special item entries. 
Adjusted net profit (hereinafter referred to as net profit *) is calculated by adding the result from special 
items to the adjusted net result, as described above. This indicator therefore includes any managerial 
adjustments used to bring certain accounting valuation items back into line with managerial criteria. 
Adjusted Ebitda on revenues, adjusted Ebit on revenues and adjusted net profit on revenues measure 
the Group’s operating performance through a proportion, expressed as a percentage, of adjusted Ebitda, 
adjusted Ebit and adjusted net profit divided by the amount of revenues.  
Net investments are calculated as the sum of investments in tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and 
equity investments net of capital grants. 
Adjusted net non-current assets are calculated as the sum of: tangible fixed assets; intangible assets and 
goodwill; equity investments; deferred tax assets and liabilities (including managerial adjustments). 
FINANCIAL APMS 
Adjusted net working capital is made up of the sum of: inventories (adjusted to reflect the different 
managerial value of gas storage); trade receivables and payables; current tax receivables and payables; other 
assets and other current liabilities; the current portion of assets and liabilities for financial derivatives on 
commodities. 
Provisions includes the sum of the items “employee severance indemnities and other benefits” and 
“provisions for risks and charges”. 
Adjusted net invested capital is defined by calculating the sum of “adjusted net fixed assets”, “adjusted net 
working capital” and “provisions”. 
Adjusted net equity is obtained by adding the economic effects of managerial adjustments, net of deferred 
taxes, to the equity that appears in the balance sheets. 
Net financial debt (hereinafter referred to as Net debt) is a measure of the company’s financial structure

--- Page 13 ---
xi 
determined in accordance with ESMA guidelines 32-382-1138, adding the value of non-current financial 
assets. This measure is therefore calculated by adding together the following items: current and non-current 
financial assets; cash and cash equivalents; current and non-current financial liabilities; current and non-
current portions of assets and liabilities for derivative financial instruments on interest and exchange rates. 
Adjusted sources of financing are obtained by adding “net financial debt” and “adjusted net equity”. 
OPERATING-FINANCIAL APMS 
Net debt to adjusted Ebitda ratio (Net debt/Ebitda*), expressed as a multiple of adjusted Ebitda, is a 
measure of the operating management’s ability to pay back its net financial debt.  
Adjusted funds from operations (FFO*) are calculated beginning with adjusted Ebitda, subtracting 
provisions for doubtful accounts, financial charges, uses of severance pay reserves and provisions for risks 
(net of releases from provisions and increases due to changes in assumptions on future outlays following 
revised estimates on current landfills) and taxes, net of any special items and the fiscal effect of any 
managerial adjustments.  
The Adjusted FFO/Net debt indicator (FFO*/Net debt), expressed as a percentage, provides a 
measurement of the operating management’s ability to pay back its net financial debt. 
Adjusted ROI, or return on net invested capital, is defined as the ratio between adjusted Ebit, as described 
above, and adjusted net invested capital. It is intended to indicate the ability to produce wealth through 
operating management, thus remunerating equity and capital pertaining to third parties. 
Adjusted ROE, or return on equity, is defined as the ratio between adjusted net results and adjusted net 
equity. It is intended to indicate the profitability obtained by investors, recompensing risk.  
Cash flow is defined as operating cash flow, net of dividends paid. Operating cash flow is calculated as 
adjusted Ebit, to which the following are added:  
▪ 
amortisation, depreciation and provisions for the period, not including provisions for doubtful debts;  
▪ 
changes in adjusted net working capital (1); 
▪ 
provisions for the risk fund, net of releases from provisions (2); 
▪ 
use of severance pay reserves; 
▪ 
the difference between changes in taxes paid in advance and deferred taxes (3); 
▪ 
operating and financial investments; 
▪ 
divestitures; 
▪ 
financial charges and financial income (4); 
▪ 
current taxes. 
 
(1) Net of the effects deriving from the fair value measurement of commodity derivatives booked in cash flow hedge and net of any 
changes in the net working capital deriving from changes in the scope of consolidation. 
(2) Minus releases from provisions and increases caused by modifications in estimated future expenses following revised appraisals for 
operating landfills. 
(3) Net of fiscal effects related to the cash flow hedge accounting of hedging derivatives. 
(4) Minus the effects of discounting deriving from the application of accounting standards IAS 37 and IAS 19 and the profits coming 
from associated companies and joint ventures, plus the dividends received from the latter, and gains/losses from transferred shareholding

--- Page 14 ---
xii 
(excluding special items, if present). 
 
The Hera Group’s APMs are provided in the following table: 
 
Operating APMs and investments 
(mn€) 
Dec-22 
Dec-21 
 
Abs. change 
% change 
Revenues 
20,082.0 
10,555.3 
9,526.7 
+90.3% 
Adjusted Ebitda 
1,295.0 
1,219.4 
75.6 
+6.2% 
Adjusted Ebitda/revenues 
6.4% 
11.6% 
+(5.2) pp 
0.0% 
Adjusted Ebit 
627.9 
607.3 
20.6 
+3.4% 
Adjusted Ebit/revenues 
3.1% 
5.8% 
+(2.7) pp 
0.0% 
Adjusted net profit 
372.3 
369.5 
2.8 
+0.8% 
Adjusted net profit/revenues 
1.9% 
3.5% 
+(1.6) pp 
0.0% 
Net investments 
688.7 
570.3 
118.4 
+20.8% 
 
Financial APMs (mn€) 
Dec-22 
Dec-21 
 
Abs. change 
% change 
Adjusted net non-current assets 
7,522.3 
7,308.3 
214.0 
+2.9% 
Adjusted net working capital 
1,096.0 
2.4 
1,093.6 
+45566.7% 
Provisions 
(657.6) 
(633.4) 
(24.2) 
+3.8% 
Adjusted net invested capital 
7,960.7 
6,677.3 
1,283.4 
+19.2% 
Net debt 
(4,249.8) 
(3,261.3) 
(988,5) 
+30.3% 
 
Operating-financial APMs 
Dec 22 
Dec 21 
 
Abs. change 
Adjusted Net debt/Ebitda 
3.28 
2.67 
0.61 
Adjusted FFO/Net debt 
21.1% 
26.7% 
(5.6) pp 
Adjusted ROI 
7.9% 
9.1% 
(1.2) pp 
Adjusted ROE 
10.0% 
10.8% 
(0.8) pp 
Cash flow (mln€) 
(864.0) 
181.2 
(1,045.3) 
 
 
Special items and managerial adjustments / IFRS balance sheet reconciliation 
Gas prices increased sharply in the second half of 2021, and this trend continued with higher volatility 
throughout 2022, reaching its peak during the summer. This rise also affected the natural gas storage process, 
which, compared to the same period of 2021, took place during a period of time (starting in April 2022) 
characterised by purchasing prices up to 5 times higher than those seen one year earlier, which produced 
both operating (purchasing costs) and financial impacts (involving working capital). 
Therefore, in order to facilitate the analysis of business trends and ensure that the results are more easily 
comparable, the Group’s management has decided to present the results by valuing gas storage according to 
a managerial criterion, in order to provide a representation that reflects the context seen during the year, 
marked by significant and sudden price changes with respect to the past. 
More specifically, from a managerial point of view, the accounting standard calls for stored gas to be valued 
considering all gas deliveries made during the injection periods (April - October). This means that the 
definition of average costs per unit also includes purchases intended for delivery and sale to end customers 
during the period. The use of this criterion led to the definition of an average cost coming to 107 €c/sm3 that,

--- Page 15 ---
xiii 
also considering the purchases intended for delivery to end customers with costs defined in 2021 (much 
lower than the costs in 2022), is significantly lower than the cost of gas purchased and injected into storage 
in 2022.  
From a managerial point of view, the accounting valuation of the inventory was therefore adjusted by taking 
into consideration only the flows identified under management for injection into storage, the average price 
of which was 128 €c/sm3, in line with the average market price over the injection period and, as described 
above, significantly higher than the average accounting price. As part of its balanced portfolio management, 
the Group introduced the appropriate hedges to correspond to the scheduled withdrawals during the winter. 
This means that the value of gas purchases destined for storage, determined under managerial criteria and in 
compliance with risk management policies, is fully recoverable during the periods in which residual 
withdrawals will be made. 
From an accounting point of view, instead, no distinction can be made between the various supply processes, 
all of which fall under a single commercial portfolio. Therefore, since gas is a fungible commodity, all 
purchase transactions, regardless of their end purpose, are considered by calculating the average carrying 
cost. This different valuation criterion, which has always been used, does not produce significant differences 
when dealing with a price trend that does not change considerably over time. 
In order to ensure a uniform comparison of results, the managerial statement for the period under comparison 
was also determined using the same managerial criterion. 
The following table provides a reconciliation between the income statement referred to in the remarks on 
unaudited managerial statement and the published consolidated income statement. 
 
Dec-22 
Dec -21  
 
mln€ 
Published 
statement 
Manageria
l 
adjustmen
ts 
Manageria
l statement 
Published 
statement 
Manageria
l  
adjustmen
ts 
Special 
items  
Managerial
statement
Revenues 
20,082.0 
 
20,082.0 
10,555.3 
 
 
10,555.3
Other operating revenues 
548.2 
 
548.2 
400.1 
 
 
400.1
Raw and other materials 
(16,730.0) 
94.1 
(16,635.9) 
(6,668.5) 
(4.4) 
 
(6,672.9)
Service costs 
(2,105.8) 
 
(2,105.8) 
(2,464.6) 
 
 
(2,464.6)
Personnel costs 
(601.1) 
 
(601.1) 
(592.8) 
 
 
(592.8)
Other operating expenses 
(74.9) 
 
(74.9) 
(66.5) 
 
 
(66.5)
Capitalised costs 
82.5 
 
82.5 
60.8 
 
 
60.8
Ebitda 
1,200.9 
94.1 
1,295.0* 
1,223.9 
(4.4) 
‐ 
1,219.4*
Amortization, depreciation 
and provisions 
(667.1) 
 
(667.1) 
(612.1) 
 
 
(612.1)
Ebit 
533.8 
94.1 
627.9* 
611.7 
(4.4) 
‐ 
607.3*
Financial operations 
(125.0) 
 
(125.0) 
(204.8) 
 
85.0 
(119.8)
Pre-tax result 
408.8 
94.1 
502.9* 
406.9 
(4.4) 
85.0 
487.5*
Taxes 
(103.5) 
(27.1) 
(130.6) 
(34.2) 
1.2 
(97.6) 
(130.6)
Net result 
305.3 
67.0 
372.3* 
372.7 
(3.2) 
(12.6) 
356.9*
Result from special items 
‐ 
 
‐ 
 
 
12.6 
12.6
Net profit 
305.3 
67.0 
372.3* 
372.7 
(3.2) 
‐ 
369.5*
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parent company 
shareholders 
255.2 
67.0 
322.2* 
333.5 
(3.2) 
 
330.3*
non-controlling interests 
50.1 
 
50.1 
39.2 
 
 
39.2

--- Page 16 ---
xiv 
* Adjusted results, as described above 
The table below shows the impact on the balance sheet of the managerial adjustments made to gas storage, 
which, unlike the other special items, have not yet been reflected in cash receipts or disbursements: 
 
Dec-22 
Dec-21 
 
mln€  
Published 
values 
Managerial 
adjustments 
Managerial 
values 
Published 
values 
Managerial 
adjustments 
Managerial 
values 
Net non-current assets 
7,549.1 
(26.8) 
7,522.3* 
7,308.0 
0.3 
7,308.3* 
Net working capital 
1,003.0 
93.0 
1,096.0* 
3.5 
(1.1) 
2.4* 
Provisions 
(657.6) 
 
(657.6) 
(633.4) 
 
(633.4) 
Net invested capital 
7,894.5 
66.2 
7,960.7* 
6,678.1 
(0.8) 
6,677.3* 
Equity 
(3,644.7) 
(66.2) 
(3,710.9)* 
(3,416.8) 
0.8 
(3,416.0)* 
Net debt 
(4,249.8) 
 
(4.249.8) 
(3,261.3) 
 
(3,261.3) 
Sources of financing 
(7,894.5) 
(66.2) 
(7,960.7)* 
(6,678.1) 
0.8 
(6,677.3)* 
* Adjusted results, as described above 
 
For 2022, as mentioned above, the value of stored gas has been adjusted. More specifically, the change in 
storage was adjusted by 94.1 million euro, resulting in a negative tax effect coming to 27.1 million euro. The 
cumulative effect of these managerial adjustments, i.e. also considering the effects of misalignments in 
previous periods, resulted in a positive impact on equity totalling 66.2 million euro. 
Concerning 2021, the values classified as special items and the managerial adjustments made are related to 
the following. 
(A) 
A negative adjustment of the change in gas storage coming to 4.4 million euro, and an ensuing positive 
tax effect coming to 1.2 million euro. 
(B) 
The partial repurchase of five bonds, for a total book value of 1,780 million euro, which led to the 
recognition of expenses totalling 82.6 million euro since the repurchase price was higher than the 
book value. The related tax effect, coming to 19.8 million euro, was also taken into account and 
recognised as an adjustment to the tax charge for the period. 
(C) 
A write-down of the equity investment and non-current financial receivable related to H.E.P.T. Co. 
Ltd, totalling 2.4 million euro, due to the conditions of the Chinese market in question. 
(D) 
A tax realignment of certain goodwill amounts that were recorded at 31 December 2019, pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 83, of Law 178/2020. This operation resulted in the tax recognition of these 
amounts, with the consequent recognition of a tax benefit coming to 87.0 million euro, against the 
payment of a 3% substitute tax set at 9.2 million euro.

--- Page 17 ---
xv 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 16 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 48 
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................. 50 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 68 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 110 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ............................................................................ 111 
REGULATION .......................................................................................................................................... 158 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 184 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 194 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 197

--- Page 18 ---
16 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The 
following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued 
in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions set out below, in which event a 
Drawdown Prospectus (as defined above) will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview.  
Issuer 
HERA S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
8156009414FD99443B48 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and, (A) in relation 
to material risks that are specific to the Issuer and that may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, these 
are divided into the following categories: (1) Regulatory and 
competition risks; (2) Business activities and industry related 
risks - climate and the environment, technology and human 
capital; (3) Economic and financial risks; (B) in relation to 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme, these 
are divided into the following categories (1) Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes; (2) Risks relating to the 
characteristics of Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and the 
characteristics of “Sustainability-linked Notes”; (3) Risks 
relating to the listing and trading of the Notes; (4) Risks related 
to the market; and (5) Risks relating to changes in law. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include, among others, certain risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Prospective 
Noteholders 
should 
consider 
carefully 
all 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (including, 
without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference 
herein and any supplement hereto) and reach their own views, 
based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such 
financial, tax and legal advisers they have deemed necessary, 
before making any investment decision. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas and Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Dealers 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon. 
Programme Size 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
€4,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement). The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme, from time to time, in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to a minimum maturity 
of 12 months and one day, unless a higher minimum maturity is 
prescribed by applicable law. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. The Issue Price will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating (A) the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) or (B) if "ISDA 2021

--- Page 20 ---
18 
Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), 
each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series; 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark discontinuation 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, and any Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in 
the Conditions) in accordance with Condition 4.4 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Step Up Option – Sustainability-
Linked Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer 
may be subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate of 
Interest for Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Initial Rate 
of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial 
Margin, specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, 
the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the relevant Step Up 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the event that 
more than one Step Up Event occurs, the Step Up Margin for

--- Page 21 ---
19 
both such events shall apply from the next following Interest 
Period. Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs, the Initial Rate 
of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial 
Margin, shall be increased (i) by the First Step Up Margin(s) 
from the Interest Period immediately following the relevant First 
Step Up Event Notification Deadline and (ii) subsequently, by 
the Second Step Up Margin(s) from the Interest Period 
immediately following the relevant Second Step Up Event 
Notification Deadline.  
None of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) will verify or 
monitor if the Sustainability-Linked Notes satisfy the investors' 
requirements or standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked 
Note 
Condition, 
the 
investment 
requirements and expectation of any potential investor in the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Other than, if any, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, no Series of 
Notes will be redeemed below its principal amount under any 
circumstances. 
Denomination of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by applicable laws 
and regulations, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Substantial Purchase Event 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Substantial Purchase Event (as described below), 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (so called 
“Clean-Up Call”) upon giving notice to the Noteholders at their 
principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
A Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if at any time 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued

--- Page 22 ---
20 
(which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the 
same Series issued subsequently) remains outstanding. 
Issuer Call 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer has an 
Issuer Call. See Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
Investor Put 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice, upon 
the expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, subject to, and 
in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
Redemption for tax reason 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not on part, at any time in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, in accordance 
with Condition 13, to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer has an 
Issuer Maturity Par Call. See Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)). 
Relevant Event Put Event 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Put Event (as described below), 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to 
their stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
A Relevant Event Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(a) a Relevant Event (as described below) occurs; (b) at the time 
of the occurrence of the Relevant Event, a Rating Event (as 
defined in Condition 6.6) occurs; and (c) in making the relevant 
decision relating to the Rating Event, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the 
Relevant Event. 
 
A Relevant Event shall be deemed to occur if any of: (i) a Change 
of Control; (ii) a Concession Event; or (iii) a Sale of Assets Event 
occurs. 
 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if more than 50% 
of the voting rights exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer 
is acquired by any Person or Persons (other than Reference 
Shareholders) acting in concert. 
 
A Concession Event shall be deemed to occur if at any time one 
or more of the Concessions (as defined in Condition 6.6) granted 
to the Issuer or to any of its Principal Subsidiaries (a) is 
terminated or revoked prior to the original stated termination 
date or (b) otherwise expires at its original stated termination 
date(s), such expiry becomes effective in accordance with its 
terms, and has not been extended or renewed, and such 
Concessions that are terminated, revoked or expired (as the case 
may be) pursuant to (a) and/or (b) above constitute, taken 
together, the whole or a substantial part of the Hera Group’s 
business, as defined in Condition 9.1(e), provided that the 
prorogatio regime to which a Concession may be subject to 
between its expiry at the relevant stated termination date and the 
extension, renewal or new award of such Concession will not 
constitute a Concession Event. 
A Sale of Assets Event shall be deemed to occur if at any time 
(A) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is required by 
applicable law to sell, transfer, contribute, assign or otherwise 
dispose of assets comprising the whole or a substantial part of 
the Hera Group’s business, as defined in Condition 9.1(e), or (B) 
if such assets are expropriated (espropriati pursuant to Italian 
law) on the basis of an order of a public authority having 
jurisdiction over the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes imposed 
by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 
7. In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, 
save in certain circumstances provided in Condition 7, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3.

--- Page 24 ---
22 
Cross Default 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 2) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding, 
save for certain obligations required to be preferred by applicable 
law. 
Rating 
The Programme has been rated “BBB+” by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”) and “(P)Baa2” by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. 
(“Moody’s”). Each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such 
each of Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant 
rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as the case may be, will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing, approval and admission to 
trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation by the 
Central Bank in its capacity as the competent authority in the 
Republic of Ireland for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to the Central Bank to 
provide the competent authority in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg with a certificate of such approval attesting that this 
document has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market and to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between

--- Page 25 ---
23 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series, 
including the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative in respect of the 
Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including the 
Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required or applied in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”, below. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
Regulation S, Category 2. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) 
(TEFRA D) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that the 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (TEFRA C) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 26 ---
24 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. The factors described below are the principal risks 
that the Issuer considers to be material and which may affect Hera’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes are also described below. 
Some of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. However, there may be additional risks 
of which Hera is not currently aware or that may not be considered significant risks by Hera based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate, and any of these 
risks could also have a negative effect on Hera’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. In addition, 
if any of the following risks, or any other risk not currently known, actually occurs, the trading price of the 
Notes could decline and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories, while the risks that are specific to the 
Notes are presented in 5 categories, in each case, with the most material risk factor presented first in each 
category and the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either 
of the likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of their potential impact on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Group. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference, and reach their own views, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary prior 
to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, “Description of the Issuer” and 
“Regulation” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT 
THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
1. 
REGULATORY AND COMPETITION RISKS 
Risks related to the evolution in the legislative and regulatory framework for the electricity, 
natural gas, district heating, waste and water sectors poses a risk to Hera and its Group 
The Group mainly operates in the waste, water and energy sectors, which are subject to several laws 
and regulations by the European Union, the Republic of Italy and certain regulatory agencies, 
including the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (Autorità di 
Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente – ARERA). For further information, see “Regulation”, 
below. Changes in applicable legislation and regulation, and the manner in which they are 
interpreted, could impact Hera's earnings and operations either positively or negatively, both 
through the effect on current operations and through the impact on the cost and revenue-earning 
capabilities of current and future planned developments in sectors in which Hera conducts its 
business, directly or through its subsidiaries. Such changes could include changes to regulatory 
framework applicable to concessions, the reference tariffs system, the ability to maintain licenses, 
authorisations, permits, approvals and other consents, government incentives for renewable 
energies, as well as changes in tax rates, legislation and policies, also involving an earlier 
termination of certain contracts assigned to and operated by the Hera Group, changes in 
environmental, health, safety or other workplace laws or changes in the regulation of cross-border 
transactions. In particular, legislative changes also include changes to laws relating to substitution 
of critical material in gas networks and the introduction of measures to counter rising volatility in 
the energy markets, already underway in 2021 and increased in 2022 also as a consequence of the

--- Page 27 ---
25 
Russo-Ukrainian war (in this respect, see also “Risks relating to the Russia-Ukraine conflict” 
below), and contain the effects of energy price increases, both in the electricity and gas sectors.    
In addition, public policies related to water, waste, energy, energy efficiency and/or air emissions 
may impact the overall business environment in which Hera and its Group operate and particularly 
the public sector.  Furthermore, regulation of a particular sector may affect many aspects of Hera's 
and its Group's business and, in many respects, determines the manner in which Hera and its Group 
conduct their business and the fees they charge or obtain for their products and services. Any new 
or substantially altered rules and standards may adversely affect the business, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group with a consequent adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
The Hera Group is dependent on concessions from local and national authorities for its 
regulated activities 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the regulated activities carried out by the Hera 
Group, including waste collection services, distribution of electricity and gas (both natural and 
liquid propane gas), integrated water services and district heating (teleriscaldamento), accounted 
for approximately 41% of the Hera Group's Adjusted Ebitda. These regulated activities are 
dependent on concessions from local authorities (in the case of integrated water service, gas 
distribution, waste management and public lighting) and from national authorities (in the case of 
electricity distribution), as the case may be, that vary in duration across the Hera Group’s business 
areas (in this respect, see also “Description of the Issuer – Business of the Hera Group – Key 
Concessions”, below).   
No assurances can be given that Hera or any member of the Hera Group will maintain, enter into 
new, or renew existing, concessions to allow it to continue to engage in the activities described 
above and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus once its existing concessions terminate or expire, nor 
that any new concessions entered into or renewals of existing concessions will be on terms similar 
to those of its current concessions.  Any failure by Hera and its Group to maintain the current 
concessions and/or to enter into new concessions or renew existing concessions, in each case on 
similar or otherwise favourable terms, could have an adverse impact on the business, revenues, 
results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Risks related to the termination of the concessions and the amount of the compensation 
payment  
Each concession is governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring the relevant 
concession operator (i.e., the concessionaire) to comply with certain obligations (including, inter 
alia, performing regular maintenance). Each concessionaire is subject to penalties or sanctions for 
the non-performance or default under the relevant concession.  Failure by a concessionaire to fulfil 
its material obligations under a concession may lead to early termination by the grantor of the 
concession. Furthermore, in accordance with general principles of Italian law, a concession can be 
early terminated for reasons of public interest.  In either case, the relevant concessionaire might be 
required to transfer all of the assets relating to the operation of the concession to the grantor or to 
the incoming concessionaire.   
In the case of termination of a concession, the concessionaire might be entitled to receive a 
compensation amount determined in accordance with the terms of the relevant concession 
agreement, which shall be paid by the incoming concessionaire. However, there can be no assurance 
that any amount due, if any, to the relevant entities of the Hera Group will be actually paid and/or

--- Page 28 ---
26 
paid timely and/or will be adequate compensation for the loss of the relevant concession and 
disposal of the related assets.   
Furthermore, in several cases there might be a dispute between the parties regarding the 
quantification of the indemnity due, if any, to the former concessionaire. Litigation in this respect 
is frequent and can have an impact on the execution of the business plan and on the Hera Group's 
activities. This may negatively affect the business, revenues, results of operations and financial 
condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Hera Group is exposed to revision of tariffs in waste, water and energy sectors 
As referred to under “Description of the Issuer” below, the Hera Group operates, inter alia, in the 
waste, water and energy sectors and is exposed to a risk of variation of the tariffs applied to the end 
users.  In the waste and water sector the tariffs payable by final customers are determined and 
adjusted by the relevant district authority and may be subject to variations as a consequence of 
periodic revisions resulting from investigations by the authority concerning, inter alia, efficiency 
improvements and the actual implementation of planned investments by the companies managing 
the integrated water service. For further information about the tariff determination in the energy 
sector and in respect to the urban waste management sector, see “Regulation”, below. 
Uncertainties as to how to determine the tariffs and decreases in tariffs, also as a consequence of 
changes in determination of tariffs, could adversely affect the business, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Hera faces risks relating to the process of market liberalisation, resulting in greater 
competition in the markets in which it operates  
The energy markets in which Hera and the Hera Group operate are undergoing a process of gradual 
liberalisation, which is being implemented in different ways and according to different timetables 
from country to country. For further information, see “Regulation”, below. As a result of the process 
of liberalisation, new competitors may enter many of the markets in which the Hera Group operates. 
It cannot be excluded that such process of liberalisation might continue in the future.  In particular, 
as far as Italy is concerned, following the modified regulatory context, the process of gradual 
overcoming of the protection regime in the electricity and gas sectors for household customers is 
expected to terminate as of 10 January 2024. For only microbusinesses with installed power less 
than 15 KW, the protection regime in the electricity terminated on 1 April 2023. Hera's ability to 
develop its businesses and improve its financial results may be constrained by such new 
competition.   
Competition risks impact network (water, gas and electricity distribution) and market (electricity 
and gas sales) businesses, and appear in new or modified economic, organisational and 
informational requirements which Hera is bound to respect, as well as possible changes in market 
assets they bring about.  
Among the other things, such liberalisation process is resulting in increased competition in the 
Italian energy market, particularly in the electricity business, in which Hera competes with other 
producers and traders within Italy and from outside of Italy who sell electricity in the Italian market 
to industrial, commercial and residential clients. This could have an impact on the prices paid or 
achieved in Hera's electricity production and trading activities.  Moreover, Hera and its Group may 
be unable to offset the financial effects of decreases in production and sales of electricity through 
efficiency improvements, or expansion into new business areas or markets.

--- Page 29 ---
27 
In its natural gas business, Hera faces increasing competition from both national and international 
natural gas suppliers. Increasingly high levels of competition in the Italian natural gas market could 
possibly entail reduced natural gas selling margins.  Furthermore, a number of national gas 
producers from countries with large gas reserves have begun to sell natural gas directly to final 
clients in Italy, which could threaten the market position of companies, like Hera, which resell gas 
purchased from producing countries to final customers.   
Although Hera and its Group have sought to face the challenge of liberalisation by increasing their 
presence and client base in free (i.e., non-regulated) areas of the energy markets in which they 
compete as well as by innovating its sale offers and introducing new products in a timely manner, 
they may not be successful in doing so.  Any failure by Hera and its Group to respond effectively 
to increased competition could over time adversely affect the business, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes. 
The Issuer's ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired if it is unable to 
maintain or obtain the required licences, permits, approvals and consents 
The strategic risks associated with long-term planning, financial sustainability, involvement in 
strategic initiatives and investment decisions influence the degree of solidity of the assumptions 
underlying its business plan with respect to a variety of adverse risk scenarios, contributing to an 
integrated representation of risks from an enterprise-wide point of view. In the event that one or 
more of the business plan’s underlying assumptions proves to be incorrect or events evolve 
differently than as contemplated therein (including, inter alia, because of events affecting the Group 
that may not be foreseeable or quantifiable, in whole or in part, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus) the actual events and results of operations could differ from the targets and projections. 
In addition to the concessions referred to under the risk factor headed “The Hera Group is dependent 
on concessions from local and national authorities for its regulated activities.” above, in order to 
carry out and, if any, expand its business (either regulated and non-regulated), Hera needs to 
maintain or obtain a variety of permits and approvals from regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and 
other authorities and agencies.  The processes for obtaining these permits and approvals are often 
lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly.  If Hera is unable to maintain or obtain the relevant 
permits and approvals, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired, with a 
consequent adverse impact on the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition 
of Hera and its Group, on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
2. 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY RELATED RISKS – CLIMATE AND THE 
ENVIRONMENT, TECHNOLOGY AND HUMAN CAPITAL 
Hera's operations are subject to extensive environmental statutes, rules and regulations, 
which regulate, inter alia, air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous 
and solid waste 
Hera's compliance with environmental statutes, rules and regulations (including, among others, 
those concerning CO2 emissions, along with emissions of other substances caused by combustion, 
sewerage and dangerous and solid waste management) involves the incurrence of significant costs 
relating to environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment, emission fees, 
maintenance and upgrading of facilities, remediation and permitting.  The costs of compliance with 
existing environmental legal requirements or those not yet adopted may increase in the future.  An 
increase in such costs, unless promptly recovered, could have an adverse impact on business, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
In addition, it is possible that in the future Hera and its Group may incur significant environmental 
expenses and liabilities owing to: (i) unknown contamination; (ii) the results of ongoing surveys or 
surveys that will be carried out in future on the environmental status of certain of the Hera Group's 
industrial sites as required by the applicable regulations on contaminated sites; and (iii) the 
possibility that disputes might be brought against Hera and its Group in relation to such matters. 
Such liabilities could have an adverse impact on the business, revenues, results of operations and 
financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Pieces of related legislation have been enacted in Italy. In particular, Law No. 68/2015 has 
introduced a number of new criminal offences related to environmental liabilities (so called 
“ecoreati”) including environmental pollution, environmental damage, trade and dereliction of 
radioactive material, criminal conspiracy aiming to carry out an “ecoreato” (Article 452-octies of 
the Italian criminal code) implying new potential liabilities and, therefore, additional potential 
expenses, for companies subject to the environmental regulation such as entities belonging to the 
Hera Group. Such liabilities could have an adverse impact on the business, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes.  
Hera is exposed to operational risks through its ownership and management of power stations, 
waste management and distribution networks and plants 
The main operational risks to which Hera is exposed are linked to its ownership and management 
of power stations, its waste management assets and its distribution networks and plants. In this 
respect, see “Description of the Issuer” below. These power stations and other assets are exposed 
to risks that can cause significant damage to the assets themselves and, in more serious cases, 
production capacity may be compromised.  These risks include extreme weather phenomena, 
adverse meteorological conditions, natural disasters (including, inter alia, earthquakes), fire 
(including, inter alia, those related to production lines linked to waste treatment and recovery), 
terrorist attacks, sabotage, mechanical breakdown of, or damage to, equipment or processes, 
accidents and labour disputes.  In particular, Hera's electricity and steam generation units and 
distribution networks are exposed to malfunctioning and service interruption risks which are beyond 
its control and may result in increased costs, regulated repayments (automatic compensation) to 
users of the grid that suffered service interruptions exceeding the maximum thresholds set by the 
competent energy Authority and other losses.  Furthermore, any of these risks could cause damage 
or destruction of the Hera Group’s facilities and, in turn, injuries to third parties or damage to the 
environment, along with ensuing lawsuits and penalties imposed by the relevant Authorities. Certain 
of these circumstances may also have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s reputation. 
Hera believes that its systems of prevention and protection within each operating area, which vary 
according to the frequency and gravity of the particular events, its ongoing maintenance plans, the 
availability of strategic spare parts and its use of tools for transferring risk to the insurance market 
enable Hera to mitigate the economic consequences of potentially adverse events that might be 
suffered by any of its owned or managed plants or networks.  However, there can be no guarantee 
that the cost of maintenance and spare parts will not rise, that insurance products will continue to 
be available on reasonable terms or that any event or series of events affecting any or more plants 
or networks could not adversely affect the business, revenues, results of operations and financial 
condition of Hera and its Group, with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes 
and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
29 
Events, service interruptions, systems failures, water shortages or contamination of water 
supplies could adversely affect profitability 
The Hera Group controls and operates utility networks and maintains the associated assets with the 
objective of providing a continuous service. In exceptional circumstances, electricity, gas or water 
shortages, or the failure of part of a network or supporting plant and equipment, could result in the 
interruption of service or catastrophic damages resulting in loss of life and/or environmental 
damages and/or economic and social disruption. 
For example, water shortages may be caused by natural disasters, acts of terrorism, floods, 
prolonged droughts, below average rainfall, increases in demand and/or environmental factors, such 
as climate change, which may exacerbate seasonal fluctuations in supply availability. In the event 
of a water shortage, Hera and its Group may incur additional costs in order to provide emergency 
supplies.  In addition, water supplies may be subject to interruption or contamination, including 
contamination from the presence of naturally occurring compounds and pollution from man-made 
sources or third parties' actions.  Hera and its Group could also be held liable for human exposure 
to hazardous substances in its water supplies or other environmental damages.  Hera and its Group 
could be fined for breaches of statutory obligations, including the obligation to supply clean 
drinking water at the point of supply, or held liable to third parties, or be required to provide an 
alternative water supply of equivalent quality, which could increase costs.  Hera and its Group 
maintain insurances against some, but not all, of these events but no assurance can be given that 
such insurance policies will be adequate to cover any direct or indirect losses or liabilities it may 
suffer.  An additional risk arises from adverse publicity that these events may generate and the 
consequent damage to Hera's reputation.   
All such events could adversely affect the business, revenues, results of operations and financial 
condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Hera Group faces risks relating to the variability of weather 
Electricity and natural gas consumption levels change significantly as a result of climatic changes.  
Hera has identified eight physical risks and eight transition risks associated with changes in the 
weather. In particular: (i) the physical risks may be generated by heat waves, abnormal winter 
temperature changes, flooding and floods resulting in landslides and mudslides, extreme weather 
phenomena, rising sea levels, changes in the timing of annual and average rainfall, the drying out 
of soils and rising temperatures; while (ii) the transition risks may be generated by the electrification 
of energy consumption, the development of renewable energy sources, the introduction of measures 
requiring structural and non-structural efficiency upgrades, limits on the production of greenhouse 
gas emissions, an increase in the cost of raw materials and greenhouse gas emissions, the 
stigmatisation of the sector in which the company operates and limited access to the capital market, 
the absence and/or obsolescence of the highly specialised skills required by the market to develop 
new technologies or replace existing products, legal disputes and the obsolescence of existing plants 
and the associated need to introduce new, more sustainable solutions/technologies. While the 
physical risks are distributed over both the medium and long term, with a higher number of 
occurrences in 2031-2050, the transition risks are mainly concentrated in the medium term. Such 
risks can produce, among others, significant variations in energy demand and the Hera Group’s 
sales mix as well as affect the regular delivery of energy and therefore could adversely affect the 
business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group 
and, in turn, have a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict (in this respect, see “Risks relating to the Russia-
Ukraine conflict” below) is leading to an increasing European effort to diversify energy supply

--- Page 32 ---
30 
sources and the transition process and, therefore, an exacerbation of the transition risks referred to 
above. 
Technological / information technology / cybercrime risk 
Technological risks include the operational security of distribution networks (fluids and electricity), 
the logical security of information, the security of communication networks and information 
systems, and the reliability of remote control systems. The Group's operations are supported by 
complex information systems, specifically with regard to its technical, commercial and 
administrative divisions. Additionally, the Group collects and stores sensitive data, including 
intellectual property, proprietary business information and the proprietary information and 
personally identifiable information of customers, service providers and employees, in data centres 
and on information technology networks. Operating these information technology systems and 
networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner are critical to the Issuer’s 
business operations. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated 
computer crimes intended to cause damage to management infrastructure or breach personal data 
pose a risk to the security of the Group’s systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability 
and integrity of its data. The main threats may include identity theft, phishing aimed at taking 
control of a personal computer in order to attack central systems and attacks on exposed systems, 
such as public websites.  
A failure or breach in security could expose the Group and its customers, service providers and 
employees to risks of misuse of information or systems, the compromising of confidential 
information, loss of financial resources, manipulation and destruction of data and operations 
disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect the Group's reputation, competitive position, 
businesses and results of operations. Security breaches could also result in litigation, regulatory 
action, unauthorised release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of 
data, as well as higher operational and other costs of implementing further data protection measures 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition or results of 
operations and in turn on the market value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Risks related to the overall economic situation, especially in Hera’s principal market  
The Group's main areas of activity include the production, sale and distribution of electricity, the 
sale and distribution of gas, the production, distribution and sale of heat through district heating 
networks, the management of waste and the management of integrated water cycles.  It is from such 
activities that the Group derives most of its revenues. The Group’s profitability in these areas may 
be impacted by several external factors including, inter alia, the economic context (such as gross 
domestic product and inflation), the geopolitical context, the energy market conditions which are 
characterised by extreme volatility in the prices of gas, electricity and other raw materials, the 
difficulties connected to global logistics chains and the increased competition on the free market (in 
this respect, see risk factor headed “Hera faces risks relating to the process of market liberalisation, 
resulting in greater competition in the markets in which it operates” above). The foregoing may 
have a negative impact also on the Group’s net financial position.  
In particular, the consumption of electricity and, in a reduced extent, gas, is generally related to 
gross domestic product especially in Italy, Hera’s principal market. In case of shrinking demand of 
energy and/or in sales margins scenario whether or not linked to increased competition and/or to 
the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and/or without an increase in Hera’s market share, Hera could incur 
lower sales volumes of electricity and natural gas and, as a consequence, a reduction of the overall 
sales revenues (other than those arising from the gas distribution service, which based on the current 
tariff mechanism would not be affected by the foregoing). Sales volumes may differ from the supply

--- Page 33 ---
31 
volumes that Hera had expected to utilise from electricity purchase contracts also in light of the 
increased difficulties in forecasting volumes to cover the needs of the sales portfolio.  Differences 
between actual sales volumes and supply volumes that the Issuer has expected to utilise from 
electricity and/or gas purchase contracts may require Hera to purchase additional electricity and/or 
gas or sell excess electricity and/or gas, both of which are themselves subject to market conditions, 
including weather, plant availability, transmission congestion and input fuel costs. The purchase of 
additional electricity and/or gas or sale of excess electricity and/or gas on unfavourable terms could 
adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of Hera.  
In addition, a potential reduction in waste production (which might derive from the economic 
context and European and national legislative orientations, or from new tendencies in customer 
behaviour), or again the unavailability of treatment and recovery infrastructures, could have a 
negative impact on the Group’s ability to meet its goals. 
Furthermore, the current energy scenario also entails impacts of a commercial nature, especially for 
structural changes in offers to customers (with indexed formulas prevailing more than in the past) 
and the need to manage supply modulation processes more dynamically, in light of the high 
volatility of the markets. In case of inability of the Issuer to properly and efficiently manage such 
changes, the business, results of operations and financial condition of Hera could be negatively 
impacted.  
Risks relating to the Russia-Ukraine conflict  
The Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 triggered – also as a consequence of the 
sanction programs implemented against Russia by the European Union, the United Kingdom, the 
USA and many other countries and multinational organisations which, inter alia, designated a 
number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in the blocked person lists, removed 
certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system, prohibited certain types of financing and financial 
services as well as certain other type of transactions with certain Russian counterparties and 
imposed restrictions on the export to Russia of certain good and technologies – a series of economic 
and financial consequences, having a special impact on the energy markets in which the Group 
operates. In particular, during 2022, the energy markets (both gas and electricity) have been 
characterised by sharp price rises (with a peak in summer 2022, then gradually falling), with 
extremely elevated daily growth rates, and high volatility.  In this scenario, among others, two 
systemic risks, from which the Group may be indirectly impacted, already partially appeared and 
could worsen: (i) a further rise in inflation especially due to energy commodities, with effects 
extending to consumer products (agri-food and industrial production) and a consequent impact on 
GDP growth and energy demand; and (ii) a reduction in gas supplies from Russia to Europe coming 
to over 60% compare to 2021 (when a total of 155 billion cubic metres entered Europe), with 
impacts on the availability of this commodity and consequently on the level of market liquidity. The 
Italian market saw a similar reduction, going from roughly 28 billion cubic metres in 2021 to around 
11 billion in 2022, equivalent to a reduction in national demand coverage from 39% to 16%. In the 
event of a sudden shortage of gas, it is possible that a series of measures defined in the national and 
European natural gas contingency plans, as well as specific regulatory intervention, will be initiated, 
which could provide for the prioritisation and rationing of natural gas supplies to individual 
customers, with retail customers (i.e., households) taking priority. 
Furthermore, the impacts of the Russia-Ukraine conflict may exacerbate other risks described in 
this section, any of which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations and in turn on the market value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
Individual health, personal development, safety and social risks 
The adequacy of the corporate strategies and/or the ability of the Group to pursue them can be 
influenced by people and their behaviour, workplace safety and the level of social protection. 
Although the Group adopts policies in order to ensure workers health and safety and mitigate on-
the-job injury risks, promoting better monitoring and enhancement of safety protection and 
prevention practices, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to avoid 
accidents or reduce frequency and severity of accidents.  
Furthermore, although the Issuer constantly monitors and identifies evolving needs in terms of 
personnel’s skills and professional development, it cannot be excluded that Hera will not be able to 
meet any emerging needs thus avoiding any skills mismatches.  
The foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the business, revenues and results of 
operations of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
There are risks associated with the acquisitions that Hera has already carried out and/or are 
in the process of being completed and possible future acquisitions by Hera, including potential 
increases in leverage resulting from the financing of the transactions and the integration of 
the new companies into the Hera Group 
As further described in this Base Prospectus, Hera has acquired a number of companies and 
performed investment and/or joint venture arrangements and its strategy is to further consider 
additional acquisitions. The acquisitions and investment transactions that Hera has already carried 
out and any future acquisitions and investments transactions may result in a significant expansion 
and increased complexity of the Hera Group's operations. Certain adverse consequences could result 
from these acquisitions. Acquisitions require the integration and combination of different 
management, strategies, procedures, products and services, client bases and distribution networks, 
with the aim of streamlining the business structure and operations of the newly enlarged group. 
Therefore, any acquisition and investment transaction expose Hera and its Group to risks connected 
to the integration of new companies into the Hera Group. These risks may relate to: (i) difficulties 
related to the management of a significantly broader and more complex organisation; (ii) problems 
related to the coordination and consolidation of corporate and administrative functions (including 
internal controls and procedures relating to accounting and financial reporting); and (iii) the failure 
to achieve expected synergies. Furthermore, this process of integration may require additional 
investment and expense. There can be no assurance that Hera and its Group will be able to integrate 
their newly-acquired companies, or any companies that it may acquire in the future, into the Hera 
Group successfully. Failure to successfully manage one or more of the foregoing circumstances, or 
the need for significant further investments in order to do so could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and 
therefore have a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Hera and its Group are defendants in a number of legal proceedings and may from time to 
time be subject to further proceedings and inspections by tax and other authorities  
Hera and certain companies of the Group are defendants in civil, tax and administrative proceedings, 
which are incidental to their business activities, and may, from time to time, be subject to further 
litigation and to investigations by tax and other authorities. For further information, see 
“Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings”.  
Hera and its Group are not able to predict the ultimate outcome of any of the claims currently 
pending against it or future claims or investigations that may be brought against it, which may be

--- Page 35 ---
33 
in excess of its existing provisions.  In addition, it cannot be ruled out that Hera and its Group may 
incur significant losses in addition to the amounts already accrued in connection with pending legal 
claims and proceedings or future claims or investigations which may be brought owing to: (i) 
uncertainty regarding the final outcome of such proceedings, claims or investigations; (ii) the 
occurrence of new developments that management could not take into consideration when 
evaluating the likely outcome of such proceedings, claims or investigations in order to accrue the 
risk provisions as at the date of the latest financial statements; (iii) the emergence of new evidence 
and information; and (iv) the underestimation of probable future losses. Adverse outcomes in 
existing or future proceedings, claims or investigations could have adverse effects on the business, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a 
consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Hera is exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact on its 
tax results 
Hera determines the taxation it is required to pay based on its interpretation of applicable tax laws 
and regulations. As a result, it may face unfavourable changes in those tax laws and regulations to 
which it is subject.  Therefore, the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition 
of Hera and its Group, the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes may be adversely affected by new laws or changes in the interpretation 
of existing laws. 
3. 
ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL RISKS 
Risks relating to fluctuations in exchange rates 
The Group might be exposed to exchange rate risks in relation to cash flows connected to the 
purchase and/or sale of fuels and electricity on the international markets, cash flows related to 
investments or other financial income or expenses denominated in foreign currencies and 
indebtedness in currencies other than Euro.  Notwithstanding the Hera Group is used to hedges 
portions of its foreign currency exposures through derivative contracts, no assurance can be given 
that significant variations in exchange rates would not materially and adversely affect the business, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and, in turn, the market 
value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Hera is exposed to interest rate risk arising on its financial indebtedness 
Hera is subject to interest rate risk arising from its financial indebtedness, which may affect the cost 
of financing and/or the fair value of financial liabilities and therefore could adversely affect the 
business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its Group and, in turn, 
the market value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. The 
interest rate risk varies depending on whether such indebtedness is at a fixed or floating rate. As at 
31 December 2022, 22% of the Hera Group's borrowings were at a floating rate, already considering 
the results of hedging activities implemented by the Issuer. Compared to the previous year, the 
borrowings with a floating rate recorded an increase, due to an extraordinary situation caused by 
the Russia-Ukraine conflict. In fact, the increase of commodity prices has led the Hera Group to 
sign more floating rate borrowing agreements to actively manage liquidity risk and to support 
working capital needs. A 1% increase in the benchmark interest rate with respect to the business 
plan scenario, based on the assumption of a coupon rate shift and an unchanged debt structure, 
would increase financial expenses by an average of approximately 10 million Euro per year.

--- Page 36 ---
34 
Hera has exposure to counterparty risk arising from its commercial activity 
Counterparty risk represents Hera’s exposure to potential losses that could be incurred if a 
commercial or financial counterparty fails to meet its obligations, both payment obligations and 
other contractual undertakings. This risk arises primarily from economic/financial factors (i.e., 
where the counterparty defaults on its obligations), as well as from factors that are 
technical/commercial or administrative/legal in nature (disputes over the type/quantity of goods 
supplied, the interpretation of contractual clauses, supporting invoices, etc.).  The counterparty risk 
could also be exacerbated by the sharp energy prices, which determine significant increases in 
energy costs for customers and may therefore cause tensions on the solvency of some counterparties.  
Although counterparty risk affects the Group across all the business areas (sales of energy 
commodities and services, waste treatment activities and telecommunication services), the Group's 
exposure to counterparty risk is mainly due to its growing commercial activity as a seller of electric 
power and natural gas in the deregulated market. In addition, a counterparty risk also exists in 
relation to the regulated activities carried out by the Group, such as the distribution of electric power 
and natural gas and the waste management services, notwithstanding equalisation mechanisms 
provided for in connection thereto by the relevant grantors / authorities. In 2022, the 24-month 
unpaid ratio of the Group’s main sales companies amounted to 0.71%. A single default by a major 
financial counterparty, or an increase in current default rates by counterparties generally, could 
adversely affect the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera and its 
Group and, in turn, the market value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes.  
Hera is exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of certain commodities 
The Group operates in an integrated manner in the supply and sale of electricity and gas at different 
stages of the value chain. Hera is therefore exposed to risks arising from the volatility of energy 
markets, which are only partially mitigated by an integrated assessment of these markets and 
associated management strategies. In particular, in relation to the wholesale activities carried out by 
Hera's subsidiary Hera Trading S.r.l (“Hera Trading”), Hera must manage risks associated with the 
misalignment between the index-linked formulae governing Hera's purchase price for gas and 
electricity and the index-linked formulae of the price at which Hera may sell these commodities.  
Hera has also entered into certain fixed price contracts for gas and electricity in order to satisfy 
customers pricing formula required by them, which may require it to pay above-market prices for 
those commodities or sell such commodities at below-market prices in case of higher or lower 
customer consumption (see “Risks related to the overall economic situation, especially in Hera’s 
principal market”). 
Significant variations in fuel, raw material or electricity prices, or any relevant interruption in 
supplies, also as a consequence of geopolitical events such as the Russo-Ukrainian war (see “Risks 
relating to the Russia-Ukraine conflict” above), could have an adverse impact on Hera's business, 
results of operations and financial condition and, in turn, the market value of the Notes and/or the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The financing arrangements entered into by companies belonging to the Hera Group contain 
restrictive covenants 
As of 31 December 2022, a significant portion of the Group’s net borrowings provides, in line with 
market practice, for certain restrictive covenants, such as, inter alia, “pari passu” ranking clauses 
and “negative pledge” clauses as well as a mandatory prepayment related to “change of control” 
event, concession event and/or sale of assets event, in each case leading to a rating downgrade of 
the Issuer to non-investment grade or lower, or a termination of the rating publication. Failure to 
comply with any of the covenants referred to above and/or the occurrence of any mandatory 
prepayment event could cause the early termination of the relevant facility agreement and therefore

--- Page 37 ---
35 
could adversely affect the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Hera 
and its Group and, in turn, the market value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Hera is exposed to liquidity and funding risks 
Liquidity risk concern the inability to meet the financial obligations taken on due to lack of internal 
resources and/or inability to find external resources at acceptable costs. Hera's ability to borrow 
from banks or in the capital markets to meet its financial requirements is dependent on favourable 
market conditions as well as on credit rating attributed to the Issuer (in this respect, see risk factor 
headed “Risks related to Hera’s rating” below). Furthermore, the liquidity level of the Group may 
also be negatively impacted by criticalities in the market for sales of tax receivables involved in the 
energy initiatives. In fact, the availability of credit lines for the sales of tax receivables is currently 
limited and hard to obtain, fact also due to the recent legislative decrees issued by the Italian 
Government. If sufficient sources of financing are not available in the future for these or other 
reasons, Hera and its Group may be unable to meet the funding requirements, which could 
materially and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition and, in turn, the 
market value of the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Risks related to Hera's rating 
As at the date hereof the long-term credit rating assigned to Hera is "BBB+" (stable outlook) by 
S&P and "Baa2" (negative outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service España (Sociedad Unipersonal). 
S&P and Moody’s Investors Service España (Sociedad Unipersonal) are established in the European 
Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended).  As such, S&P and 
Moody’s Investors Service España (Sociedad Unipersonal) are included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website available 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with such 
Regulation.  
Hera's future ability to access capital markets, other financing instruments and related costs may 
depend, inter alia, on the rating assigned to Hera.  Accordingly, a downgrade of Hera's rating might 
limit its ability to access capital markets and/or result in increase in its costs of funding and/or 
refinancing of debt with a consequent adverse effect on the business, revenues, results of operations 
and financial condition of Hera and its Group and therefore have a consequent adverse impact on 
the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, on the basis of the methodologies used by S&P and Moody’s Investors Service España 
(Sociedad Unipersonal), the credit ratings of Hera, as a fully domestic utility, might potentially be 
exposed to risk in reduction of the sovereign credit rating of the Republic of Italy, which may have 
a potential knock-on effect on the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the credit rating of 
Notes (if any) and, as a result, on the market value of the Notes. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A number of Notes that may be issued under the Programme may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of these most common features 
(but is not intended to be an exhaustive description).

--- Page 38 ---
36 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event (Clean-Up Call) 
(Condition 6.4), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when 80 per cent. or 
more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes has been redeemed or 
is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately 
prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Italy or certain other relevant jurisdictions or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that 
do not include such features. 
EU reform of “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, 
commodity and foreign exchange rate indices) 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed 
“benchmarks” (“Benchmarks”) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other

--- Page 39 ---
37 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the 
costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
“benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could also have a material impact on any Notes linked to an index 
based on a Benchmark, including in any of the following circumstances: (i) an index which is a 
Benchmark may not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU 
authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional 
provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular 
Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, 
redeemed prior to the maturity or otherwise impacted; and (ii) the methodology or other terms of 
the Benchmark related to a series of Notes could be changed in order to comply with the terms of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing 
the rate or level of the Benchmark or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and 
could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of 
the rate or level by reference to such sources the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation 
with an Independent Adviser) determines appropriate in accordance with standard market practice. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent a Benchmark will continue to 
be supported going forwards. This may cause certain Benchmarks to perform differently than they 
have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The reform of 
EURIBOR to adopt a hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free 
rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate), or 
the elimination of any Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the conditions of the Notes or result in other consequences in respect 
of any Notes referencing such Benchmarks. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or participate in certain Benchmarks, triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks or leading to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. Workstreams have been 
developed in Europe over recent years to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to 
provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as 
adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on 
euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. €STR 
was published by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 
January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback 
provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such 
working group issued high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in contracts referencing 
EURIBOR, which include a recommendation that market participants incorporate fallback 
provisions in all new financial instruments and contracts referencing EURIBOR. Although 
EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark

--- Page 40 ---
38 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it 
will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions 
of the Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such Benchmark 
(including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR which 
may, depending on the manner in which the EURIBOR benchmark is to be determined under the 
terms and conditions, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available). Amendments to the Conditions 
and/or relevant fallback provisions may be required to reflect such discontinuance and there can be 
no assurance that any such amendments will fully or effectively mitigate all future relevant interest 
rate risks. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The disappearance of a Benchmarks or changes in the manner of 
administration of a Benchmarks could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early 
redemption, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting (if listed) or other 
consequence in relation to Notes linked to such Benchmarks. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. In particular, where the Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of floating 
rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where 
such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor 
or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or if the 2021 ISDA Definitions are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions.  
Where any such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not 
submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may 
ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be 
applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and 
return on, the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
39 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4.4 (Benchmark discontinuation)) (which, amongst 
other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent 
Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do 
if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or to comply with any applicable regulation 
or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent 
regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments) of the 
Conditions. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than 
market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate 
(and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect 
an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these 
Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Notes to which Condition 4.5 (Change of Interest Basis) applies may bear interest at a rate that 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer 
has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on such Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Modification and waivers 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions allow defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE CHARACTERISTICS OF NOTES ISSUED AS 
“GREEN BONDS” AND THE CHARACTERISTICS OF “SUSTAINABILITY-
LINKED NOTES” 
There can be no assurance that Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and the related use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor seeking securities to be used for a 
particular purpose 
In the case of Notes which are issued as “Green Bonds” while it is the intention of the Issuer to 
apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any such Notes to Eligible Green Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such amount equivalent to the 
proceeds of the such Notes will be totally or partially disbursed for the specified Eligible Green 
Projects, nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Failure by the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of “Green Bonds” as specified under the section of 
the Base Prospectus headed “Use of Proceeds” and/or paragraph “Reasons for the offer – Use of 
proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms or to comply with the applicable Green Bond Framework will 
not trigger any Event of Default under the Conditions.  
Furthermore, no assurance can be given that the use of net proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether under any present or future applicable law or regulations or under its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
In addition, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” 
or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time.  
A basis for the determination of such definitions of, inter alia, has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The European Commission adopted the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”), introducing 
the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities contribute substantially to two 
of the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, i.e., climate change 
adaptation and climate change mitigation. The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act became effective 
as of 1 January 2022. In addition, on 9 March 2022 the EU Commission adopted the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 (the “EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated 
Act”) covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which became effective as of 1 January 2023. 
Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2022/1288 with regard to regulatory technical standards (RTS) specifying the 
details of the content and presentation of the information in relation to the principle of ‘do no 
significant harm’, specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in relation 
to sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and presentation of

--- Page 43 ---
41 
the information in relation to the promotion of environmental or social characteristics and 
sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, on websites and in periodic reports 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”), 
which became effective as of 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act that is adopted by the EU 
Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of 
activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the 
relating screening criteria.  
Furthermore, provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the legislative 
proposal for a so-called ‘European Green Bond Standard’ (the “European Green Bond 
Standard”), which will be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds where the 
proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU taxonomy. However, the 
provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if or when such 
European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and 
European Parliament. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond 
Standard, if and when implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of 
proceeds bonds (such as any “Green Bonds” issued by the Issuer) that do not meet such standard. It 
could therefore reduce demand and liquidity for any “Green Bonds” issued by the Issuer and their 
price. 
Pending further development of the technical screening criteria for all the European environmental 
objectives in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation, there can be no guarantee that the 
Eligible Green Projects financed and/or refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of its “Green 
Bonds” will fully satisfy the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. 
Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and any alignment with the 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, is not fully certain. Additionally, although the 
aforementioned technical screening criteria are generally prescriptive in nature, their application 
will involve the exercise of judgement and, in certain instances, the technical screening criteria also 
give broad discretion on the methodologies and assessments that should be undertaken. 
Accordingly, different persons (including third-party data providers and other financial market 
participants) may interpret and apply these technical screening criteria differently, use internal 
methodologies (where permitted) and/or arrive at different conclusions regarding the extent of the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy alignment of a financial product.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
The interest rate relating to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme is subject 
to upward adjustment in certain circumstances specified in the relevant Final Terms, however, 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi 
legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. “Sustainability-Linked 
Notes” issued under the Programme are not being marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects 
to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not 
intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting 
environmental or sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with 
green bonds. 
Furthermore, as described with reference to the “Green Bonds” in the Risk Factor “There can be no 
assurance that Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and the related use of proceeds will be suitable for 
the investment criteria of an investor seeking securities to be used for a particular purpose” above, 
a basis for the determination of the definitions of “sustainability-linked” has been established in the 
EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of the Sustainable Finance

--- Page 44 ---
42 
Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts; however the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy remains subject to further development following the implementation of the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation. While the Group’s sustainability strategy (which embeds the key 
performance indicators to which the Notes are linked) and its related investments aim to be aligned 
with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation and the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, until the technical screening 
criteria for such objectives has been further developed, it is not known to what extent the 
investments planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy will satisfy those criteria. Pending such 
further developments, there is no certainty to what extent the investments planned in the Group’s 
sustainability strategy (also underlying the Notes through their link to certain key performance 
indicators) will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation and the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act. 
A Second-party Opinion issued in respect of “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability-Linked Notes” 
does not reflect all the features which may be associated with such debt securities nor does it 
discuss all risks related to such “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability-Linked Notes” 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” the Issuer has engaged Sustainalytics, a specialised 
consulting firm, to issue in April 2022 the 2022 Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion  
assessing, inter alia, the alignment of the Green Financing Framework with the then applicable 
“Green Bond Principles” published by the ICMA (namely, the GBP dated June 2021) (“ICMA 
GBP”) and that the relevant “green” use of proceeds is aligned with the Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act which specifies technical screening criteria (TSC) for economic activities that 
contribute to climate adaptation and climate mitigation, under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation and, in the future, the Issuer may request the issuance of further second-party opinions 
from specialist consulting firms or rating agencies (any such second-party opinion, a “Green Bond 
Second-party Opinion”).  
In connection with the issue of “Sustainability-Linked Notes”, the Issuer has engaged 
Sustainalytics, a specialised consulting firm, to issue in October 2021 the 2021 Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion confirming the relevance and scope of the 
selected key performance indicators (“KPI(s)”) and the associated sustainability performance 
targets (“SPTs”) and/or the alignment of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework with the 
then applicable “Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles” published by the ICMA (namely, the SLBP 
dated June 2020) (“ICMA SLBP”) and, in the future, the Issuer may request the issuance of further 
second-party opinions from specialist consulting firms or rating agencies (any such second-party 
opinion, a “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion” and, together 
with a Green Bond Second-party Opinion, the relevant “Second-party Opinion”).  
The relevant Second-party Opinion may not reflect all the features of such kind of debt securities 
nor discuss all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors and other factors that 
may affect the value of the relevant Notes or, in the case of “Green Bonds”, the projects financed 
and/or refinanced by the relevant net proceeds, and would not constitute a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold, as the case may be, the relevant “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability-Linked Notes”. 
Furthermore, any such Second-party Opinion would only be current as of the date it was initially 
issued and the Issuer does not assume any obligation or responsibility to procure any release any 
update or revision of any such documents related to “Green Bonds” and “Sustainability-Linked 
Notes”. 
A withdrawal of the relevant Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such “Green Bonds” or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets, as the case may be. Furthermore, prospective

--- Page 45 ---
43 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such framework, opinion, report or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes.  
Moreover, a Second-party opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, reports and 
certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, any member of the Group, the Arrangers, the Dealers (including any of their respective 
affiliates and parent companies) or any Second-party opinion providers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold “Green Bonds” and/or “Sustainability-Linked Notes”.  
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers (including any of their respective 
affiliates and parent companies) or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion, report or certification, which is only current as at the date it was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the “Green Bonds” and/or 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes”. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any 
such opinion, report or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining on or certifying on may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the “Green Bonds” and/or “Sustainability-Linked 
Notes” and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Subject to as specified under “There can be no assurance that Notes issued as “Green Bonds” and 
the related use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor seeking 
securities to be used for a particular purpose” and “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics” 
above, even if the relevant Second-party Opinion is obtained in respect of any series of “Green 
Bonds” and/or “Sustainability-Linked Notes” and (a) in the case of “Green Bonds”, any issue will 
be made in accordance with the ICMA GBP referred to in the Green Financing Framework,  and (b) 
in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes, any issue of “Sustainability-Linked Notes” will be made 
in accordance with the ICMA SLBP referred to in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, 
no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member, any other member of 
the Group, the Arrangers, the Dealers (including any of their respective affiliates and parent 
companies) or any Second-party opinion providers that the “Green Bonds” and/or “Sustainability-
Linked Notes” will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the “Green Bonds” and/or 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes” or the Group's targets qualifying as “green” “sustainable” or 
“sustainability-linked” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group 
striving to achieve such targets. The foregoing is also due to the fact that (a) in the case of “Green 
Bonds”, there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes a “green” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” and (b) in the case of 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes”, there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” 
or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of any 
such label may evolve from time to time). Furthermore, any withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is or is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying will not trigger any Event of Default 
under the Conditions.

--- Page 46 ---
44 
Investors should therefore make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the 
offering of “Green Bonds” and/or “Sustainability-Linked Notes”.  
For the avoidance of doubt, as stated above, any such framework, opinion, report or certification 
and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  
No Step Up Margin will be payable in case of failure by the Issuer to satisfy the Absolute GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Issuer to satisfy the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition 
in case of occurrence of certain events impacting on the Issuer’s ability to comply with its 
Sustainability Targets 
The interest rate adjustment in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme depends on a definition of Absolute GHG Emissions and/or Quantity of Recycled 
Plastics that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions 
relevant to renewable energy and/or greenhouse emissions. Furthermore, in relation to the 
occurrence of an Absolute GHG Emissions Event and a Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event, the 
Terms and Conditions specify that no Absolute GHG Emissions Event or, as the case may be, no 
Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Absolute GHG Emissions Condition or, as the case may be, the Quantity of Recycled Plastics 
Condition due to (a) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules 
and guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Group’s business or a decision of a competent 
authority which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Absolute 
GHG Emissions Condition as at the First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date or, as the case 
may be, the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition as at the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics  
Observation Date and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Second Absolute GHG 
Emissions Observation Date or the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date; and/or 
(b) any Concession granted to the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries being amended, revoked or 
terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration date (and such revocation or 
termination becomes effective in accordance with its terms) or the relevant expiration date being 
shortened. As a result, the occurrence of any such events may result in the Issuer being unable to 
satisfy the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition but the Absolute GHG Emissions Event not being 
triggered and/or the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition but the Quantity of Recycled Plastics 
Event not being triggered. If this is the case, no Step Up Margin will be paid in respect of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material 
impact on the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme 
and could expose the Group to reputational risks.  
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, 
will be to reduce the Group’s Absolute GHG Emissions and increase its Quantity of Recycled 
Plastics (the “Sustainability Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be 
successful in doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such Sustainability 
Targets or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet 
investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the 
price at which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-Linked

--- Page 47 ---
45 
Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from 
the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder - See also "Sustainability-Linked Notes 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics " above for a description of the risk that Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy 
an investor's requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics.  
Any failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest 
amounts under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results 
of operations.  
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition and/or the 
Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition or any such similar sustainability performance targets the 
Group may choose to include in any future financings would not only result in increased interest 
payments under Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme or other relevant 
financing arrangements, but could also harm the Group’s reputation. Furthermore, the Group’s 
efforts in satisfying the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Quantity of Recycled 
Plastics Condition may become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other 
stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its 
business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet the Sustainability Targets, or if it fails to comply with the disclosure 
and reporting obligations under Condition 13A (Available Information) and/or with the applicable 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
The Issuer may unilaterally change the sustainability targets applicable to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes as a consequence of the occurrence of certain events, including a Recalculation 
Event  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer calculates the greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions 
on the basis of international guidance and standards on greenhouse gas emissions accounting and 
life cycle assessment such as those established by the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development and the World Resources Institute (“GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”). 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s Sustainability Targets are verified by third parties on the basis of the 
initiative that stems from the collaboration between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the 
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide 
Fund for Nature (WWF) aimed at verifying alignment with the indications of the Paris Agreement 
reached at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change (“COP 21”) (the “Science Based Targets Initiative” or “SBTi”).  
The industry-wide accepted references, including the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and the 
Science Based Targets Initiative and other sectorial standards and guidelines, on which the Issuer 
bases its calculation methodology, may evolve over time and may result in a change to the scope of 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Targets. The occurrence of any event that requires the Issuer to recalculate 
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions, which includes a 
recalculation following a structural change in the Issuer and/or the Group and/or any other event 
such that any recalculation is required or recommended by SBTi or any replacement/successor (such 
event referred to under the Conditions as a “Recalculation Event”) may cause a fixing by the Issuer, 
on an unilateral basis, of a new threshold, in tCO2e (referred to in the Conditions as “New Second 
Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold” or “New Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold”, as

--- Page 48 ---
46 
the case may be). If such a Recalculation Event occurs, a new Sustainability Target, unilaterally 
determined by the Issuer, will be taken into account for the purposes of ascertaining whether or not 
a Step Up Event shall occur in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. However, in the 
absence of a certification or validation by SBTi (or any replacement or successor SBTi or, in the 
absence of any such replacement or successor, an equivalent source of confirmation identified by 
the Issuer) of such new threshold in tCO2e the relevant GHG Emissions Threshold shall continue 
to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the relevant GHG Emissions Threshold as a result 
of the Recalculation Event. 
The occurrence of any such Recalculation Event may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of 
the Issuer to satisfy the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition, which could in turn adversely affect 
the market price of the Notes and/or the reputation of the Group (see also “Failure to satisfy the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material impact on the market price of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group to 
reputational risks” above). 
Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business 
prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE LISTING AND TRADING OF THE NOTES 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system (including the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (each, a “listing”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain 
such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, 
any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder’s ability to resell the Notes 
on the secondary market. 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severe adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.

--- Page 49 ---
47 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO CHANGES IN LAW 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
save that provisions convening meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ 
Representative in respect of any Series of Notes are subject to compliance with mandatory 
provisions of Italian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law and/or Italian law (where applicable) or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus, and any such change could impact the value of any Notes 
thereby affected.

--- Page 50 ---
48 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Hera as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(https://eng.gruppohera.it/documents/1514726/0/Financial+report+as+at+31+December+2022.p
df/83a5424f-e5d9-651b-8316-a8e715d58df8?t=1680691679258) including the information set out at 
the following pages, in particular: 
Directors’ report 
Page 16 to 116 
Income statement 
Page 118 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 119 
Statement of financial position 
Pages 120 to 121 
Cash flow statement 
Page 122 
Statement of changes in net equity 
Pages 123 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 124 to 231 
Report by the independent auditor 
Pages 232 to 238 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Hera as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2021 
(https://eng.gruppohera.it/documents/1514726/0/Financial+results+as+at+31+December+2021.pdf/
31825c59-a0fc-c42b-8c0f-3e7d79d63bfc?t=1649412360382)  including the information set out at the 
following pages, in particular: 
Directors’ report 
Page 17 to 112 
Income statement 
Page 114 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 115 
Statement of financial position 
Pages 116 to 117 
Cash flow statement 
Page 118 
Statement of changes in net equity 
Page 119 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 120 to 218 
Report by the independent auditor 
Pages 219 to 225 
The page references indicated above correspond to the page references of the PDF document format. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not listed in the cross-reference 
lists set out in this section and which, therefore, is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (in accordance with Article 
19 of the Prospectus Regulation).  
Pursuant to the Italian Civil Code, the non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 of the Issuer are subject to shareholders’ approval and a shareholders’ meeting has been 
called to approve such financial statements on 27 April 2023. In the event the shareholders do not approve 
such financial statements, this may have an impact on the 2022 financial information included and 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
49 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available for inspection at 
the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London, 
and will be published on the website the Issuer (www.gruppohera.it) and of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investor or 
covered in another part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Any website pages referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note 
(a “Permanent Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be)

--- Page 53 ---
51 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described 
therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (c) at any time at the request of the Issuer. 
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has 
occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
At the same time, holders of interests in such Permanent Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 12 April 
2023 and executed by the Issuer. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes to which TEFRA D applies and on all interest coupons and 
talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer or the Agent.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS1 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
 
1 
Any Final Terms to be prepared solely for the purposes of listing Notes on ExtraMOT PRO will not fall under the Prospectus Regulation 
and any such Final Terms will remove all references to the Prospectus Regulation accordingly.

--- Page 55 ---
53 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
[DATE] 
HERA S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 8156009414FD99443B48 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €4,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 [and the supplements to 
it dated [●] and [●]]. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at [, and copies may be obtained from 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and on the Issuer’s website]] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from the registered offices of the Issuer and 
the specified office of the Paying Agents.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
54 
2 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
 Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
 
(iii) Trade Date 
[●] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
[[●] month EURIBOR] +/- [●]% Floating Rate[, subject 
to the Step Up Option]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] 
[12/13/14/15] below) 
9 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [12/13] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [12/13] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
10 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Relevant Event Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Substantial Purchase Event]

--- Page 57 ---
55 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] 
[16/17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
11 
[Date [competent corporate body] 
approval for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[]] [●] registered with the Companies’ Registry of [●] 
on [●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The 
Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) [The 
Initial Rate of Interest is] [●]% per annum payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)] 
 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[●] per Calculation Amount[, subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal duration 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
13 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The 
Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option]  
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)] 
 
(a) Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●]

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(c) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(d) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [●] month EURIBOR 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period) 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
(g) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant 
time) 
 
·           ISDA Definitions: 
[2006]/[2021] 
 
·          Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
           Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days

--- Page 59 ---
57 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
·          Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
           Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
·          Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
           Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) [Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Specified Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
(If the Notes are Sustainability-Linked Notes) [The 
Initial Margin is] [+/-] [●]% per annum 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)] 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[360/360] 
 
 
[Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] 
 
 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives) 
14 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Accrual Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(b) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
15 
 Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 Step Up Event: 
[Absolute GHG Emissions Event] [and] [Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Event] 
(Include all applicable Step Up Events) 
  
(in relation to an Absolute GHG Emissions Event only:) 
[(i) First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold: [●] 
tCO2e, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event 
(iv) Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold: [[●] 
tCO2e, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event] / [Not Applicable]] 
(v) First Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin: [●] per cent. per annum 
(vi) Second Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin: [[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
59 
  
(in relation to a Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event 
only:) 
[(i) First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation 
Date: [●] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold: [●] 
Ktons 
(iv) Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold: 
[[●] Ktons] / [Not Applicable]] 
(v) First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up 
Margin: [●] per cent. per annum 
(vi) Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step 
Up Margin: [[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: 30 days 
Maximum period: 60 days 
17 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount 
(Either a specified amount or an 
election that redemption should be 
calculated 
as 
a 
Make-Whole 
Amount): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole Amount] 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling 
[on [ ]/any date from, and including, the Issue Date to 
but excluding [  ] (being the date that is 90 days prior to 
the Maturity Date)]/[and] [[  ] per Calculation Amount 
in the period (the “Par Call Period”) from and 
including [insert date] (the “Par Call Period 
Commencement Date”) to but excluding [date]] [and 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/in the 
period from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]] 
 
 
(c) Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[[●]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(g) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
18 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems(which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
(b)  Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
(c) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [_____] days 
Maximum period: [_____] days 
21 
Relevant Event Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] days following the expiration of the Relevant Event 
Put Period 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) Relevant Event Put Period: 
60 days 
22 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[As set out in Condition 6.7]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
“Form of the Notes” section in the Base Prospectus and 
the Notes themselves. N.B. The exchange upon notice/at 
any time options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes.) 
 
(b) [New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
25 
Additional Financial Centre(s) for 
Condition 5.5 (Payment Day): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-
paragraph 13(c) relates)

--- Page 64 ---
62 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
27 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
 
(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and any provisions necessary to 
deal with floating rate interest calculation (including 
alternative reference rates)) 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of HERA S.p.A.: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 65 ---
63 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(a) Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [(i)] 
[Euronext Dublin] [and/or] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg)]’s regulated market 
[and/or] [(ii) the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) 
of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] and 
listing on the [Euronext Dublin] [and/or] [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg)] 
[and/or] [the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of 
the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with 
effect from [   ].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [(i)] the [Euronext Dublin] [and/or] [the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Bourse 
de 
Luxembourg)]’s regulated market [and/or] (ii) [the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-
lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] and listing on the 
[Euronext Dublin] [and/or] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg)] [and/or] [the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-
lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with effect from 
[   ].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(b) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[●] [Euronext Dublin] [and]  
[●][Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg)] 
 [and] [●] [ExtraMOT PRO]] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been][have not been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]]: 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
(Include brief explanation of rating if available) 
 
 
Each of [Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union] / [United Kingdom] and is registered under

--- Page 66 ---
64 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)] / [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)].  
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has applied for 
registration under [the EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has not 
applied for registration under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[ 
UK CRA Regulation] but the rating issued by it is 
endorsed by [insert endorsing credit rating agency] 
which is established in the European Union and [is 
registered under the [EU / UK] CRA Regulation] [has 
applied for registration under the [EU / UK] CRA 
Regulation, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has not 
applied for registration under [the EU CRA Regulation] 
/[UK CRA Regulation] but is certified in accordance 
with the [EU / UK] CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert Credit Rating Agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and is not certified 
under [the EU CRA Regulation] /[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”)] and the rating given by it is not 
endorsed by a Credit Rating Agency established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and registered 
under the [EU / UK] CRA Regulation.] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the [United 
Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered with the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit 
rating agency] registered with the FCA in accordance 
with] / [certified under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation, as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019]]2 
3 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER – USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
2 
Insert for Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EU and which have been assigned a rating.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
[The net proceeds of the issuance of Notes will be applied by the Issuer [for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit and/or to refinance existing indebtedness] [to [finance and/or 
refinance] Eligible Green Projects][, as set forth in “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus and 
identified in accordance with the Green Financing Framework published on the Hera’s website 
(abaece92-838e-0532-b793-5f60dd4f73e0 (gruppohera.it))] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: [●] 
4 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including 
parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
6 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR which is provided by 
[●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that as at [●] is 
not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(b) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(c) [CFI: 
[●]/[As set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Available] 
 
(d) FISN: 
[●]/[As set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Available] 
 
(e) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
(g) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(h) Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
 
Yes: Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [include this text if “yes” 
selected in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN 
form] 
[No: Note that whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] [include this text if “no” selected] 
8 
NOTIFICATION 
 
 
The Central Bank [has been requested to provide] [has provided] the competent authority in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[          ] 
 
(d) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(e) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 70 ---
68 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
the following Terms and Conditions, complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to 
the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by HERA S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to 
an agency agreement dated 12 April 2023 (as amended or supplemented as at the relevant Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon as fiscal agent and the other 
agents named in it and with the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 12 April 2023 (as amended or 
supplemented as at the relevant Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) executed by the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) and 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the “applicable 
Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on 
this Note. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer

--- Page 71 ---
69 
and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the (i) Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/); or (ii) Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg), the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Otherwise, in case the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of a further or other host Member States within the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be published 
in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to such regulated market.  
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated, and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and 
“holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
2 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding, save for certain obligations required to be preferred by applicable law. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, 
pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”), other than a Permitted Encumbrance 
(as defined below), upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets 
or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), 
unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Conditions are secured by the 
Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by a Resolution (which is defined in the Agency 
Agreement as a resolution duly passed by a majority of not less than three-fourths of the votes 
cast thereon) of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
“Calculation Agent” means (i) the Fiscal Agent or (ii) the Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
“Concession” has the meaning ascribed to it under Condition 6.6. 
(d) 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
(e) 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 
140 of the Treaty; 
(f) 
“Final Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(g) 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(h) 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under 
or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; 
(i) 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
71 
(j) 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(k) 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(l) 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(m) 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(n) 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(o) 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality or any of their successors or assignees; 
(p) 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on the relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes, 
provided that the principal amount secured by the Security Interest is not subsequently 
increased and the Security Interest remains limited to all or part of the same property 
and assets that originally secured the Security Interest; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest securing any Project Finance Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest created by a company which becomes a Principal Subsidiary or 
any Security Interest over the shares/quotas of a company which becomes a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer or of a Principal Subsidiary in each case after the Issue Date and where 
such Security Interest already existed at the time that company became a Principal 
Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be 
(provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of that company 
becoming a Principal Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Principal 
Subsidiary, and the aggregate principal amount secured at the time of that company 
becoming a Principal Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Principal 
Subsidiary is not subsequently increased and the Security Interest remains limited to 
all or part of the same property and assets that secured the Security Interest prior to the 
time of that company becoming a Principal Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or 
of a Principal Subsidiary); and 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created in substitution of any security permitted under paragraphs 
(i) to (iii) above, provided that the principal amount secured by the substitute Security 
Interest does not exceed the principal amount secured by the initial Security Interest; 
(q) 
“Project” means the ownership, acquisition (in each case, in whole or in part), development, 
restructuring, leasing, maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets, including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Concessions and the equity participations in a company holding such 
assets or assets. 
(r) 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any present or future, secured or unsecured, 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred to finance or refinance (in each case, in whole or 
in part) a Project, whereby the claims of the relevant creditor(s) are limited to (i) the amount 
of cash flow generated by and through the Project (including, for the avoidance of doubt, its 
assets and, where relevant, the Concession(s)) and/or (ii) the amount of proceeds deriving from 
the enforcement of any Security Interest taken over the Project (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any interest or equity participations in the relevant Person or Persons, directly and/or 
indirectly, holding and/or operating the relevant Project) to secure the Project Finance 
Indebtedness and/or (d) other credit support (including, without limitation, completion 
guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily provided in support of such

--- Page 74 ---
72 
indebtedness provided that, for the purposes of Condition 9.1(c), Project Finance Indebtedness 
shall not include sub-paragraph (d) above. For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Project 
Finance Indebtedness shall include also any bridge financing incurred in connection with a 
Project. 
(s) 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation, contribution in kind or restructuring whilst solvent or other 
similar arrangement (including, without limitation, leasing of the assets or going 
concern) of the relevant Principal Subsidiary whereby, in any one transaction or series 
of transactions, all or substantially all of its assets and undertaking are transferred, sold, 
contributed, assigned to or otherwise vested in, the Issuer or any other Principal 
Subsidiary or any of their Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Issuer, any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation, contribution in kind or restructuring whilst solvent or other similar 
arrangement (including, without limitation, leasing of the assets or going concern) 
whereby, in any one transaction or series of transactions, all or substantially all of its 
assets and undertaking are transferred, sold, contributed, assigned or otherwise vested 
in a body corporate in good standing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include 
any Subsidiary) and such body corporate (1) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes, including the obligation to pay any 
additional amounts under Condition 7, whether by contract or operation of law in 
accordance with applicable law; and (2) continues substantially to carry on the business 
of the Issuer as conducted as the date of such reorganisation, 
in both cases under (i) and (ii) above without the consent of the Noteholders being required in 
respect thereof, and provided further that: 
(A) 
the Issuer and/or the Principal Subsidiaries to which the relevant reorganisation relates 
shall be solvent at the time of such reorganisation; 
(B) 
no Event of Default shall have occurred or if an Event of Default shall have occurred 
it shall (if capable of remedy) have been cured; and 
(C) 
no Permitted Reorganisation Rating Event having occurred. 
(t) 
“Permitted Reorganisation Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at the time 
of the occurrence of the relevant transaction, the Notes carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency assigning a solicited credit rating to the Notes is either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse) or withdrawn; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency assigning a solicited credit rating to the Notes is 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch); or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the occurrence of the 
reorganisation an investment grade credit rating (as defined in (I)) to the Notes, and 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, 
from the occurrence of the relevant transaction;

--- Page 75 ---
73 
(u) 
“Principal Subsidiary” at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer: (i) whose revenues 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 
15% of the consolidated revenues or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference 
to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
or (ii) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary; 
(v) 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors 
Service España (Sociedad Unipersonal), Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, 
or any of their successors; 
(w) 
“Redenomination Date” means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment 
of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 13 below 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union; 
(x) 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
“Reference Shareholder” means any Italian local entity or authority including regions, 
provinces, municipalities, metropolitan cities and consortium, or any consortium or company 
directly or indirectly controlled by such entities or authorities; for the purposes of this 
definition, (i) “consortium” means a consortium incorporated pursuant to Article 31 of 
Legislative Decree No. 267 of 18 August 2000, as amended and (ii) the concept of “control” 
shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with Article 2359, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the 
Italian Civil Code; 
(z) 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the counter or other 
securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any indebtedness referred 
to under sub-paragraph (i) above; 
(aa) 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect 
of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons; 
(bb) 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(cc) 
“Specified Interest Payment Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
(dd) 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the second Person is held 
by the first Person; or 
(ii) 
in which the first Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the first Person a 
dominant influence in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the second Person, 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 2359, paragraph 1, numbers 1 and 2, of the Italian Civil 
Code;

--- Page 76 ---
74 
(ee) 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system;  
(ff) 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
(gg) 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
References to the Issuer in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
Global Notes is a reference to HERA S.p.A. or any of its universal successor and/or successor or 
assignee in the context of a Permitted Reorganisation. 
4 
Interest 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) either (i) the Interest Commencement Date 
or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
date from which the Fixed Rate Note provisions are stated to apply, at the rate(s) per annum equal to 
the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date or, where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Fixed 
Rate Note will bear interest, during its life, on the basis of different fixed Rate(s) of Interest indicated 
therein. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount, subject to the Step Up Option. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount, subject to 
the Step Up Option or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be 
calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 77 ---
75 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) either (i) the Interest 
Commencement Date or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the date from which the Floating Rate Note provisions are stated 
to apply, and such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the date from which the Floating Rate 
Note provisions are stated to apply).

--- Page 78 ---
76 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” (which expression shall, in 
the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
I 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
II 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA

--- Page 79 ---
77 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (I) unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); or (II) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), 
each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series, (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is (a) the first day of that Interest Period or (b) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
 
In connection with any Compounding/Averaging Method or Index Method specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA definitions to: 
− 
 “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
− 
 “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
− 
 “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
− 
 “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
If the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
− 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
− 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of 
“Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 80 ---
78 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 am (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will 
be determined as provided hereon: 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (A) above applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(B) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If paragraph above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage), as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any),  or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks

--- Page 81 ---
79 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition “Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) determines appropriate in 
accordance with standard market practice. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 82 ---
80 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
(
)
(
)

(
)
360
D
-
D
M
-
M
30
Y
-
Y
 
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+

+


--- Page 83 ---
81 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
(
)
(
)

(
)
360
D
-
D
M
-
M
30
Y
-
Y
 
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+

+

(
)
(
)

(
)
360
D
-
D
M
-
M
30
Y
-
Y
 
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+

+


--- Page 84 ---
82 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified by the Agent to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2, whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid in accordance 
with Condition 5. 
4.4 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined on any Determination Date by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall 
apply. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)) by no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Determination Date relating to the next Determination Period for which the Rate

--- Page 85 ---
83 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original 
Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4(a) and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, 
prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with this Condition, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
by no later than five Business Days prior to the Determination Date relating to the next 
Determination Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
the first paragraph of this Condition 4.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 5.4), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, 
as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 4.4(e) below; or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.4), with effect as from the date or, 
as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to 
Condition 4.4(e) below. 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if required to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, according to Condition 4.4(a)) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.4 and the Independent Adviser determines

--- Page 86 ---
84 
(i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 4.4(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4.4 to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Benchmark Amendments may comprise, by way of example, the following amendments: (A) 
amendments to the definition of “Original Reference Rate”; (B) amendments to the day-count 
fraction and the definitions of "Business Day”, “Interest Payment Date”, “Rate of Interest”, 
and/or “Interest Period” (including the determination whether the Alternative Rate will be 
determined in advance on or prior to the relevant Interest Period or in arrear on or prior to the 
end of the relevant Interest Period); and/or (C) any change to the business day convention. 
(e) 
Notices etc 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Agent Bank and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.4; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Calculation Agent’s or the

--- Page 87 ---
85 
Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4.4, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such 
gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(f) 
Survival of Rate of Interest 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.4(a), (b), (c) and (d), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance 
with Condition 4.4(e). 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.4, unless defined above: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) is customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 88 ---
86 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or to be administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, stating, or to the effect, that the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; or 
(v) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
if applicable); or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same 
shall be applicable to the Notes. 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii) and (iii) above on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate 
or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of 
paragraph (iv) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4.4(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has 
replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 89 ---
87 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board, the European Systemic Risk Board, or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.5 
Change of Interest Basis 
If a Change of Interest Basis is specified hereon as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest 
on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), each applicable only for the 
relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.6 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 4.6 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Step Up Option is applicable (the “Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes, the relevant benchmark plus the Initial Margin, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest 
or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the relevant benchmark plus the Margin, shall be increased by 
the relevant Step Up Margin(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms indicate that one or more First Step Up Margin(s) is or are applicable, such 
First Step Up Margin(s) shall only apply to the Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
the Margin,  if a Step Up Event has occurred as at the First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation 
Date and/or the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date, as the case may be. 
If the relevant Final Terms indicate that one or more Second Step Up Margin(s) is or are applicable, 
such Second Step Up Margin(s) shall only apply to the Rate of Interest if a Step Up Event has occurred 
as at the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date and/or the Second Quantity of Recycled 
Plastics Observation Date, as the case may be. 
The Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of (i) a Step Up Event, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (ii) satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as the case may 
be, to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in respect of a First Step Up Event, no later than 
the First Step Up Event Notification Deadline and/or, in respect of a Second Step Up Event, no later 
than the Second Step Up Event Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Rate of Interest applicable for the following Interest Period. In the event that more than 
one Step Up Event occurs, the Step Up Margin for both such events shall apply from the next 
following Interest Period. Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs, the Initial Rate of Interest or, in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be increased (i) by the First Step Up 
Margin(s) from the Interest Period immediately following the relevant First Step Up Event

--- Page 90 ---
88 
Notification Deadline and (ii) subsequently, by the Second Step Up Margin(s) from the Interest Period 
immediately following the relevant Second Step Up Event Notification Deadline. 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred 
or have any liability in respect thereof. 
In this Condition: 
“Annual Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(A) (Available Information); 
“Absolute GHG Emissions” means the amount of the Group’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
and the Group’s Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as at the end of the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Reference Period and calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported in the relevant Consolidated 
disclosure of Non-Financial Information, which is subject to assurance by the External Verifier and, 
if a Recalculation Event occurs, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by SBTi (or any 
replacement or successor SBTi or, in the absence of any such replacement or successor, an equivalent 
source of confirmation identified by the Issuer) and disclosed in the relevant Consolidated disclosure 
of Non-Financial Information, in each case, published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
13(A) (Available Information); 
“Absolute GHG Emissions Condition” means that (i) the Absolute GHG Emissions as at (A) the 
First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date was equal to or lower than the First Absolute GHG 
Emissions Threshold or, if applicable, the New First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold and (B) if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as at the Second Absolute GHG Emissions 
Observation Date, was equal to or lower than the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold or, if 
applicable, the New Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold and (ii) the Consolidated disclosure 
of Non-Financial Information, and the related Verification Assurance Report as at the First Absolute 
GHG Emissions Observation Date and, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date, have been published on the Issuer’s website by 
no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline; 
“Absolute GHG Emissions Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Absolute GHG 
Emissions Condition, provided that no Absolute GHG Emissions Event shall occur in case of the 
failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition due to: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Group’s business, or a decision of a 
competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability to 
satisfy the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition as at the First Absolute GHG Emissions 
Observation Date and/or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Second 
Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date; and/or 
(b) 
any Concession granted to the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries being amended, revoked 
or terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration date (and such 
revocation or termination becomes effective in accordance with its terms) or the 
relevant expiration date being shortened, which has a direct and/or indirect impact on 
the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition as at the First 
Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date and, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date, 
in each case, as notified by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), at the First Absolute GHG 
Emissions Observation Date and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Second Absolute 
GHG Emissions Observation Date;

--- Page 91 ---
89 
“Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
13(A) (Available Information); 
“External Verifier” means any qualified provider of third party assurance or attestation services or 
other independent expert of internationally recognised standing appointed by the Issuer, in each case 
with the expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the External Verifier 
under these Conditions, as determined in good faith by the Issuer; 
“First Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the First Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin; 
“First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold” means the threshold, in tCO2e, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, subject to the occurrence 
of a Recalculation Event;  
“First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up Margin; 
“First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date; 
“First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold” means the threshold, in Ktons, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold;  
“First Step Up Event Notification Deadline” means: 
(i)         in respect of the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition, the date on which the Issuer is required 
to publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and the Verification 
Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the First Absolute GHG Emissions 
Observation Date; and  
(ii) 
in respect of the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition, the date on which the Issuer is 
required to publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and the 
Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the First Quantity of Recycled 
Plastics Observation Date; 
“First Step Up Margin” means the First Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin or the 
First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up Margin, as indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and, each such margin, the “relevant First Step Up Margin”; 
“GHG” means greenhouse gases, being gases which absorb and emit radiation in the atmosphere 
contributing to the greenhouse effect, including (among others) carbon dioxide (CO2), methane  
(CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFC), perfluorocarbons (PFC), sulfur  
hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3); 
the relevant “GHG Emissions Threshold” means the First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, the 
New First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold 
and/or the New Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, as applicable from time to time; 
“GHG Protocol’s Corporate Reporting Standards” means the international guidance and 
standards on greenhouse gas emissions accounting and life cycle assessment such as those established 
by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute;

--- Page 92 ---
90 
“Initial Margin” is the Margin applicable on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” is the Rate of Interest applicable on the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Ktons” means kilo-tonnes; 
“New First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold” means, following the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event, the new threshold, in tCO2e, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer, certified 
or validated by SBTi (or any replacement or successor SBTi or, in the absence of any such 
replacement or successor, an equivalent source of confirmation identified by the Issuer) and disclosed 
in the relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall replace the First Absolute 
GHG Emissions Threshold as at the date of such Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial 
Information, and any reference to the First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold in these Conditions 
thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the New First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, it 
being understood that in the absence of such certification or validation by SBTi (or any replacement 
or successor SBTi or, in the absence of any such replacement or successor, an equivalent source of 
confirmation identified by the Issuer) shall result in the relevant GHG Emissions Threshold 
continuing to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the relevant GHG Emissions Threshold 
as a result of the Recalculation Event; 
“New Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold” means, following the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event, the new threshold, in tCO2e, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer, certified 
or validated by SBTi (or any replacement or successor SBTi or, in the absence of any such 
replacement or successor, an equivalent source of confirmation identified by the Issuer) and disclosed 
in the relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13(A) (Available Information) which shall replace the Second Absolute 
GHG Emissions Threshold as at the date of such Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial 
Information, and any reference to the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold in these Conditions 
thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, 
it being understood that in the absence of such certification or validation by SBTi (or any replacement 
or successor SBTi or, in the absence of any such replacement or successor, an equivalent source of 
confirmation identified by the Issuer) shall result in the relevant GHG Emissions Threshold 
continuing to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the relevant GHG Emissions Threshold 
as a result of the Recalculation Event;  
“Observation Date” means the First Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date and/or the Second 
Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date and/or the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics 
Observation Date and/or the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Quantity of Recycled Plastics” means the annual quantity of recycled plastic waste, in Ktons, 
carried out by the Group as at the end of the relevant Sustainability Performance Reference Period 
and calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported in the relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-
Financial Information which is subject to assurance by the External Verifier, published by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13(A) (Available Information); 
“Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition” means that (i) the Quantity of Recycled Plastics as at 
(A) the First Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date was equal to or higher than the First 
Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold and (B) if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
as at the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date, was equal to or lower than the

--- Page 93 ---
91 
Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold and (ii) the Consolidated disclosure of Non-
Financial Information and the related Verification Assurance Report as at the First Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Observation Date and, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date, have been published on the Issuer’s website 
by no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline;  
“Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Condition provided that no Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event shall occur in case 
of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition due to: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Group’s business activities, or a decision 
of a competent authority which has a direct impact and/or indirect on the Issuer’s ability 
to satisfy the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition as at the First Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Observation Date and/or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date; and/or 
(b) 
any Concession granted to the Issuer or its Subsidiaries being amended, revoked or 
terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration date (and such 
revocation or termination becomes effective in accordance with its terms) or the 
relevant expiration date being shortened which has a direct and/or indirect impact on 
the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition as at the First 
Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date and, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date, 
in each case, as notified by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), at the First Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Observation Date and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Second 
Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date; 
“Recalculation Event” means:  
(a) 
the occurrence of any event that requires the Issuer to recalculate the Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions; or 
(b) 
a structural change in the Issuer and/or the Group and/or any other event such that any 
recalculation is required or recommended by SBTi or any replacement/successor; 
“Science Based Targets Initiative” or “SBTi” means the initiative that stems from the collaboration 
between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the  
World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) aimed at verifying 
alignment with the indications of the Paris Agreement reached at the 21st Conference of the Parties to 
the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 21); 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions” means the GHG emissions derived from the Issuer’s owned 
and controlled assets required for its operations including the supply and consumption of electricity, 
determined in good faith by the Issuer and, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation Event, in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol’s Corporate Reporting Standards, for any fiscal year, expressed 
as a total amount in tCO2e; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions” means the GHG emissions derived from the sale of electricity by the 
Issuer to and the use of natural gas by the Issuer’s customers, determined in good faith by the Issuer 
and, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation Event, in accordance with the GHG Protocol’s 
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standards,  for any fiscal year, expressed 
as a total amount in tCO2e;

--- Page 94 ---
92 
“Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold” means the threshold, in tCO2e, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold, subject to the 
occurrence of a Recalculation Event;  
“Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date; 
“Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold” means the threshold, in Ktons, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Threshold;  
“Second Step Up Event Notification Deadline” means:  
(i) 
in respect of the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition, the date on which the Issuer is required 
to publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and the Verification 
Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Second Absolute GHG Emissions 
Observation Date; and  
(ii) 
in respect of the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition, the date on which the Issuer is 
required to publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and the 
Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Second Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Observation Date; 
“Second Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin which, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall only apply to the Rate of Interest if a Step Up Event 
has occurred as at the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up Margin 
which, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall only apply to the Rate of Interest if a Step 
Up Event has occurred as at the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Observation Date; 
“Second Step Up Margin” means the Second Absolute GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin or 
the Second Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event Step Up Margin, as indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and, each such margin, the “relevant Second Step Up Margin”; 
“Step Up Date” means in relation to any relevant Step Up Event, the first day of the next Interest 
Period following the relevant Step Up Event Notification Deadline; 
“Step Up Event” means the occurrence of either (a) an Absolute GHG Emissions Event and/or (b) a 
Quantity of Recycled Plastics Event, in each case, as so specified in the relevant Final Terms, it being 
understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not result in the occurrence of an Event of 
Default under these Conditions;  
“Step Up Event Notification Deadline” means the First Step Up Notification Deadline and, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Second Step Up Event Notification Deadline and, each such 
deadline, the “relevant Step Up Event Notification Deadline”; 
“Step Up Margin” means the relevant First Step Up Margin and, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Second Step Up Margin and, each such margin, the “relevant Step Up Margin”;  
“Sustainability-Linked Note Condition” means either or both of (i) the Absolute GHG Emissions 
Condition and/or the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition, as may be applicable in 
correspondence to the relevant Step Up Event specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 95 ---
93 
“Sustainability Performance Reference Period” means the fiscal year of the Group ending 31 
December of each year, starting from the end of the first fiscal year following the Issue Date; 
“Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(A) 
(Available Information); 
“tCO2e” means the sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and Scope 3 GHG Emissions during 
a given period, measured in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, according to the GHG Protocol 
Corporate Standard; and 
“Verification Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(A) (Available 
Information). 
5 
Payments 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its respective Agents agree 
to be subject, and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such laws, regulations or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
7. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8)

--- Page 96 ---
94 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 97 ---
95 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 
is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.7); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
6.7. 
6 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which, subject to any purchase, cancellation, 
early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount per Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 98 ---
96 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 13, to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date 
of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
at least five days prior to the Selection Date.

--- Page 99 ---
97 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3 only, the Optional Redemption Amount will either be the 
specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms):  
(A) in the case of Notes that are not Sustainability-Linked Notes, will be an amount which is the 
higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, if 
Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on 
an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the 
case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the 
Redemption Margin,  
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date; 
or 
(B) in the case of Notes that are Sustainability-Linked Notes, will be an amount which is the higher 
of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Sustainability-Linked Note to be 
redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers, the sum of present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to be redeemed and 
interest thereon to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (calculated at the Initial Rate of 
Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin,  until the interest period 
immediately following the relevant Step Up Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest or, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Margin, shall be deemed to be the Subsequent 
Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Subsequent Margin,  unless 
the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition or the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition, 
as the case may be, has been satisfied and notification has been made by the Issuer 
confirming the satisfaction of the Absolute GHG Emissions Condition or the Quantity of 
Recycled Plastics Condition, as the case may be) discounted to the Optional Redemption 
Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or 
(in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus 
the Redemption Margin  
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date; 
As used in this Condition 6.3: 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 100 ---
98 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable 
judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the Initial Margin plus the Step Up Margin; and 
“Subsequent Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given under this Condition 6.3 shall be redeemed, or 
the Issuer’s option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition 6.3. 
Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, from and including any Optional 
Redemption Date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 6.3. 
6.4 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event (Clean-Up Call) 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial 
Purchase Event has occurred, then the Issuer may at any time, subject to having given not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 13, to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in 
accordance with these Conditions at their outstanding principal amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time 20 per cent. or less 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for 
these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) remains 
outstanding. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in accordance with Condition 13, to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) 
the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Relevant Event Put) 
If: 
(a) 
Investor Put is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice, upon the expiry of such notice, and/or 
(b) 
Relevant Event Put is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Relevant Event Put Event has occurred, and 
in any event within 14 days after the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of such Relevant 
Event Put Event, give a notice (a “Relevant Event Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in

--- Page 101 ---
99 
accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature of the Relevant Event, following which, 
upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 during 
the Relevant Event Put Period (as defined below), 
the Issuer will redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will 
need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling, in 
the case of a Relevant Event Put only, within the period of 60 days after the date on which the Relevant 
Event Put Event Notice is given (the “Relevant Event Put Period”), a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within (in the case 
of a Relevant Event Put only), the Relevant Event Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred, in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.6. 
A “Relevant Event Put Event” shall be deemed to occur if 
(i) 
any of (A) a Change of Control, (B) a Concession Event or (C) a Sale of Assets Event occurs 
(each, a “Relevant Event”); and 
(ii) 
at the time of the occurrence of the Relevant Event the Notes carry from any Rating Agency 
either: 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency assigning a solicited credit rating to the Notes is within 
180 days of the occurrence of the Relevant Event either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn 
and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or (in the case of 
a withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any other Rating 
Agency; or

--- Page 102 ---
100 
(B) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency assigning a solicited credit rating to the Notes is within 
180 days of the occurrence of the Relevant Event downgraded by one or more notches 
(for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such 180-day period 
subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the occurrence of the 
Relevant Event an investment grade credit rating to the Notes 
(each, a “Rating Event”), and 
(iii) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, 
from the occurrence of the Relevant Event. 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to occur if more than 50% of the voting rights exercisable 
at a general meeting of the Issuer is acquired by any Person or Persons (other than Reference 
Shareholders) acting in concert. 
A “Concession Event” shall be deemed to occur if at any time one or more of the Concessions (as 
defined below) granted to the Issuer or to any of its Principal Subsidiaries (a) is terminated or revoked 
prior to the original stated termination date and such termination or revocation becomes effective in 
accordance with its terms or (b) otherwise expires at its original stated termination date(s), such expiry 
becomes effective in accordance with its terms, and has not been extended or renewed, and such 
Concessions that are terminated, revoked or expired (as the case may be) pursuant to (a) and/or (b) 
above constitute, taken together, 30% or more of the Group’s consolidated assets and/or revenues (as 
evidenced by the most recently available and duly approved audited consolidated financial statements 
thereof), provided that the prorogatio regime to which a Concession may be subject to between its 
expiry at the relevant stated termination date and the extension, renewal or new award of such 
Concession will not constitute a Concession Event. 
“Concession” means a concession, an authorisation or other statutory provision or an administrative 
instrument, whether or not documented in a contract, or similar arrangements, pursuant to which an 
entity is entrusted by one or more public national or local authorities or entities (such as, inter alios, 
ministries or municipalities) with the management of public services (servizi pubblici pursuant to 
Italian law) and/or public utility services/activities (servizi di pubblica utilità/opera di pubblica utilità 
pursuant to Italian law) including, without limitation, (i) waste management services (such as, inter 
alia, waste collection), (ii) integrated water services, (iii) gas distribution and supply (including, inter 
alia, heating services), (iv) electricity generation and co-generation (including, inter alia, 
distribution), and (v) the construction (if any), management and operation of related plants and similar 
facilities and services. 
A “Sale of Assets Event” shall be deemed to occur if at any time (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries is required by applicable law to sell, transfer, contribute, assign or otherwise dispose of 
assets comprising the whole or a substantial part of the Group’s business, as defined in 
Condition 9.1(e), or (ii) if such assets are expropriated (espropriati pursuant to Italian law) on the 
basis of an order of a public authority having jurisdiction over the Issuer or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary. 
“acting in concert” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto by Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 as subsequently amended and supplemented, and its implementing CONSOB 
regulations.

--- Page 103 ---
101 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below). The early redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes 
(the “Early Redemption Amount”) shall be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RPx(1+AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at 
any price in the open market or otherwise. Where permitted by applicable law and regulation, all 
Notes purchased pursuant to this Condition 6.8 may be cancelled or held, reissued or resold at the 
discretion of the relevant purchaser. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.10 Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 or 6.6 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 104 ---
102 
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Italy; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 5.5); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union; or 
(e) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption; or 
(f) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, to 
the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; or 
(g) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, premium or other proceeds of any Note or 
Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996, as amended from time to time. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments 
made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior 
to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or

--- Page 105 ---
103 
official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding. 
8 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note 
may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the 
date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such event of default shall have been 
remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of (i) any principal due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of seven days; or (ii) interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under 
these Conditions and the failure continues for a period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) 
of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries either (A) becomes due and repayable prematurely 
by reason of an event of default (however described) or (B) becomes capable of being declared due 
and repayable prematurely (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) by reason of an 
event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make 
any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period); 
(iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is 
made by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other 
than Project Finance Indebtedness) of any other person; provided that no event described in this 
subparagraph 10.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) or other relative liability due and 
unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts (if any) of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) and/or other liabilities 
due and unpaid relative to all other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least 
€50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
Winding up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries and such order or resolution is not

--- Page 106 ---
104 
discharged or cancelled within 60 days, save for the purposes of (i) a Permitted Reorganisation (as 
defined above) or (ii) a reorganisation on terms approved in writing by a Resolution of the 
Noteholders; or 
(e) 
Cessation of business: if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the whole 
or a substantial part of its business then being conducted, save for the purposes of (A) a Permitted 
Reorganisation (as defined above), or (B) a reorganisation on terms previously approved by a 
Resolution of the Noteholders (and provided that neither the occurrence of a Concession Event nor 
of a Sale of Assets Event (each as defined in Condition 6.6) shall give rise to an Event of Default 
under this Condition 9.1(e) (for the purposes of this paragraph (e), a “substantial part” of an entity’s 
business means a part of the relevant entity’s business which accounts for 25% or more of the Group’s 
consolidated assets and/or revenues as evidenced by the most recently available and duly approved 
audited consolidated financial statements thereof); or 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc.: if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any material part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any material part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, and (ii) in any such case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator or an administrative receiver appointed following presentation of a petition for an 
administration order) unless initiated by the relevant company, is not discharged within 90 days (for 
the purposes of this paragraph (f), “material part” means 25% or more by value of the whole as 
evidenced by the most recently available and duly approved audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Group); or 
(g) 
Other proceedings: if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or 
shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of 
a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition 
or other arrangement outside the ordinary course of business with, its creditors generally (or any class 
of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition 
with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms approved by a Resolution of Noteholders; or 
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(i) 
Analogous events: if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or may 
have, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in subparagraphs (d) to (g) above. 
10 Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
11 Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled, without the prior approval of the Noteholders, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union that will not be 
obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any law 
implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted 
or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor paying agent. 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
12 Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent 
or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13 Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Ireland or Euronext Dublin’s website, https://live.euronext.com/. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Irish Times in Ireland. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first

--- Page 108 ---
106 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication 
in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13A  Available Information 
This Condition 13A applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 
following the Issue Date of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, for so long as any such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will publish its annual audited consolidated financial statements as at and 
for such financial year (the “Annual Report”) on its website in accordance with applicable law. In addition 
to each such Annual Report, the Issuer will publish another document (each such report document to be 
prepared either pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or to be in the form of any such other sustainability 
report as the Issuer deems necessary, a “Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information”) which 
discloses (i) (a) the Absolute GHG Emissions; and/or (b) the Quantity of Recycled Plastics, each in respect 
of the relevant Sustainability Performance Reference Period; (ii) if applicable, the occurrence of any 
Recalculation Event and the related New First Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold and/or New Second 
Absolute GHG Emissions Threshold resulting from the occurrence of any such Recalculation Event; and 
(iii) any other relevant information which may enable investors to monitor the Issuer’s progress towards the 
satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition.  
Each such Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information shall include, or be accompanied by, a 
verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier (a “Verification Assurance Report”). Each 
Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information and related Verification Assurance Report will be 
published no later than 30 June of each year; provided that to the extent the Issuer determines that additional 
time will be required to complete the relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information  and/or 
related Verification Assurance Report, then such Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information  and 
related Verification Assurance Report shall be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event 
later than 31 August of each year (the “Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline”). 
It is understood that any failure by the Issuer to make the information referred to in this Condition 13(A) 
available in any 12 month period shall not result in the occurrence of an Event of Default under these 
Conditions and it will give rise to the application of a Step Up Event in accordance with the Absolute GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Quantity of Recycled Plastics Condition, as the case may be, only in the 
circumstances in which such failure to make any such information referred to in this Condition 13(A) 
available occurs in a 12 month period ending on an Observation Date.

--- Page 109 ---
107 
 
14 Meetings of Noteholders 
14.1 Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of the Notes, the Coupons, any of these Conditions and/or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass a Resolution 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement), the following provisions shall apply in respect of the Notes 
but are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy 
(including, without limitation, the Italian Civil Code and Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998 as amended) and the By-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time and shall be deemed to be 
amended, replaced and supplemented to the extent that such laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
and the By-laws of the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain outstanding. Italian 
law currently provides that any such meeting may be convened by the board of directors of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders’ Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, shall 
be convened by either of them upon the request of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series for the time being outstanding. If the 
board of directors of the Issuer defaults in convening such a meeting following such request or 
requisition by the Noteholders representing not less than one-twentieth of aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes of any Series for the time being outstanding, the same shall be convened by the board of 
statutory auditors of the Issuer (or other equivalent corporate body) or, in the case of failure, by decree 
of the competent court if the default is unjustified upon request by such Noteholders. Every such 
meeting shall be held at such time and place as provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil 
Code and the By-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time. 
Such a meeting will be validly held (subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules 
and regulations of Italy in force from time to time) if (i) in the case of a sole call meeting, there are 
one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or (ii) in the case of multiple call meetings, (a) in the case 
of a first meeting, there are one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding 
more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, (b) in the case of a 
second meeting, there are one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding 
more than one third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (c) in the case of 
a third meeting or any subsequent meeting following a further adjournment, there are one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one fifth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, provided however that the Issuer’s By-laws may in each case (to 
the extent permitted under the applicable Italian law) provide for a higher quorum. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each meeting will be held as a sole call meeting or as a multiple call meeting depending on 
the applicable provisions of Italian law and the Issuer’s By-laws, as applicable from time to time. The 
majority required to pass a resolution at any meeting convened to vote on any resolution will be one 
or more persons holding or representing at least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes represented at the meeting; provided, however, that (A) certain proposals, as set out in Article 
2415, paragraph 1, item (2) of the Italian Civil Code (including any proposal to modify the maturity 
of the Notes or the dates on which interest is payable on them; to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
of, or interest on, the Notes; or to change the currency of payment of the Notes) (each, a “Reserved 
Matter”) may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders (including any 
adjourned meeting) by the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing not less than one

--- Page 110 ---
108 
half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting and (B) the Issuer’s 
By-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for higher 
majorities. A Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders in accordance with applicable law and the provisions set forth in the Agency Agreement 
will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
14.2 Noteholders’ Representative 
A joint representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”) may be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to, 
inter alia, represent the Noteholders’ interests under these Conditions and to give effect to resolutions 
passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a 
meeting of Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the 
competent Court at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code. The Noteholders’ Representative shall 
remain appointed for a maximum period of three years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
15 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the issue price and the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16 Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of 
any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a 
discharge to the Issuer, as the case may be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in 
that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase 
on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less 
than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify 
it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the 
cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder 
or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase 
been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other 
obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any 
indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite 
any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note 
or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
17 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.

--- Page 111 ---
109 
18 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
18.1 Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders) and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of 
a Noteholders’ Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
18.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
Each party hereto irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the other parties, that the courts of England 
are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Each party hereto waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
18.3 Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 8th Floor, 
100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG  as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another agent for service of process in England in respect of any suit, action 
or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) and shall immediately notify Noteholders of 
such appointment in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and 
appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 112 ---
110 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit and/or to refinance existing 
indebtedness; or 
(b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects. 
Only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be denominated “Green 
Bonds”. 
Eligible Green Projects have been/will be defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for Green Projects set out by the ICMA GBP of June 2021. 
For these purposes: 
“Eligible Green Projects” means projects falling within the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
project pursuant to ICMA GBP published by the International Capital Market Association in June 2021 and 
the “Green Loan Principles” published by the Loan Market Association in February 2021, providing for 
clear environmental benefits which will be assessed and, whether feasible, quantified, measured and reported 
by the Issuer as further specified under the Green Financing Framework published on the Hera’s website 
(abaece92-838e-0532-b793-5f60dd4f73e0 (gruppohera.it)) in May 2022 as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, under “Reasons for the offer – Use of proceeds”. 
Sustainalytics has reviewed Hera’s Green Financing Framework and issued the 2022 Green Financing 
Framework Second-party Opinion, which is available on the Issuer’s website (5d8d9976-b8ee-f405-dd39-
872e48dc9f4f (gruppohera.it)).  
Neither the Green Financing Framework nor the Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are 
incorporated into, or form part of, the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 113 ---
111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW  
Hera S.p.A. (“Hera”) is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian Law, including, 
inter alia, Articles 2325 and followings of the Italian Civil Code, on 10 March 1995 with the legal name of 
Seabo S.p.A., currently having its registered office at Viale Carlo Berti Pichat No. 2/4, 40127 Bologna, Italy 
and registered with the Companies’ Register of Bologna under No. 04245520376, Fiscal Code Number 
04245520376 and VAT Number 03819031208. Hera may be contacted by telephone on +39 051 287111 and 
by fax on +39 051 287525.  
Pursuant to its By-laws, Hera’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2100, subject to extension. 
The corporate objects of Hera, as provided by its By-laws, are, inter alia, to carry out, in Italy and overseas, 
directly or indirectly – through equity interests in any kind of company, public body, consortium or enterprise 
– public services (servizi pubblici pursuant to Italian law) and public utility services (servizi di pubblica 
utilità pursuant to Italian law).  Hera may also engage in real estate, commercial, industrial and financial 
transactions, or participate in competitive tenders for the purpose of providing local public services or other 
public utility services, as well as any other activity connected to its corporate objects.  Hera may also carry 
out, directly and/or indirectly – through the acquisition of equity interests in other companies, public entity, 
consortium or enterprise – any other activity which is instrumental, related or complementary to its core 
business activities or that furthers the achievement of its corporate purpose, excluding those activities 
reserved by law to particular categories of parties.  Hera may not engage in financial activities with the 
public.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Hera has a fully paid-up share capital of €1,489,538,745, divided into 
1,489,538,745 shares of a nominal value of €1 each.  The ordinary shares of Hera have been listed since June 
2003 on the Mercato Telematico Azionario, the screen-based market of the Italian stock exchange, managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. As at the date of this Base Prospectus Hera has a market capitalisation of 
approximately €3.88 billion.  
Hera is the holding company of the group consisting of Hera and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, 
the “Hera Group”) (see also “- Hera Group”, below).  The Hera Group is an industrial group in the 
integrated multi-utility services market which operates in the sectors of electricity (production, transport, 
distribution and sale), heat (production and sale), gas (distribution and sale), integrated water services, 
environmental services (collection and disposal of waste) at a supra-regional level in about 312 
municipalities across, inter alia, Bologna, Ravenna, Rimini, Forlì-Cesena, Ferrara, Modena and Imola-
Faenza (in the Emilia Romagna region), in the contiguous province of Pesaro-Urbino (in the Marche region) 
and in the province of Pisa and Florence (in the Tuscany region), in the provinces of Trieste, Gorizia and 
Udine (in the Friuli Venezia Giulia region) and Padua (in the Veneto region). The Hera Group also provides 
other public utility services which include telecommunications, public lighting, traffic light services and 
facility management.  For further information, see “- Business of the Hera Group”.  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE HERA GROUP 
From the set-up to 2022 
The Hera Group was created on 1 November 2002 from the consolidation of eleven public utility companies 
operating in the Emilia Romagna region with the aim of improving the quality of services provided to citizens 
in basic areas such as energy, water and environmental services and taking advantage of the significant 
synergies and efficiency levels made possible by this operation.

--- Page 114 ---
112 
In June 2003, the Hera Group was partially privatised, with the placement of approximately 44.5% of Hera’s 
share capital on the Mercato Telematico Azionario.  
Since its initial public offering, Hera has continued its consolidation process with the aggregation of other 
multi-utility companies with similar or complementary business portfolios. In particular, Hera has continued 
the development and growth of the Hera Group through the pursuit of 22 mergers of multi-utilities operating 
in neighbouring territories and 25 acquisitions of mono-business companies (e.g. waste treatment and energy 
supply) operating not only in the surroundings, without taking into account the Hera-Ascopiave Partnership 
and the consequent Group reorganisation (in this respect, see “Partnership between the Hera Group and 
Ascopiave”).  
The following graph shows the contribution of both M&A transactions and organic growth to the Group 
Ebitda increase.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
* The 2022 Ebitda referred to in this graph is the Adjusted Ebitda. 
Despite of the turbulent environment due to the occurrence of major events (such as, inter alia, gas supply 
market liberalisation, Italian power generation overcapacity, weak GDP growth until 2020, climate change 
events, several waste management crisis, difficult authorisation process to expand waste plants, change in 
regulations, sovereign debt crisis, the Covid-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict), the Hera Group 
has performed an un-interrupted growth.  
Such un-interrupted growth ended up in an increased Adjusted Ebitda and Adjusted net invested capital by 
6.2 times, with a 9.5% CAGR (compound annual growth rate) in Adjusted Ebitda from Hera’s incorporation 
to 2022. The Net debt to adjusted Ebitda Ratio for 2022 increased coming to 3.28x (3.62x at 30 September 
2022), as compared to the 2021 ratio (2.67x), despite a constant and increasing dividend per share paid, and 
to 21.4% Adjusted FFO / Net Debt. 
The graph below shows Net Debt to Ebitda Ratio trend from 2002 to 2022.  
192
1,295
'02
F'22
Ebitda* growth drivers 
40% M&A 
60% 
 Internal  Growth 
Growth 
’02/’22 
1,3
1,8 1,9
2,5 2,7
3,2 3,0
3,3 3,1
3,1 3,3 3,1
2,5 3,0 2,8 2,6 2,6
3,0 2,9 2,7*
3.3*
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

--- Page 115 ---
113 
* Net debt to adjusted Ebitda 
Furthermore, from its incorporation to 2022 Hera recorded a 0.6% CAGR (compound annual growth rate) 
constant growth in Adjusted Roi with an average of 8.9%, and an increasing Adjusted net Invested Capital, 
up to €7.9 billion in 2022. Return on net invested capital stood at 7.9% in 2022, down from the 2021 ROI, 
coming to 9.1%, due to an increase in net invested capital. Conversely, the cash generating capex (i.e., the 
ratio between net investments and cash flows), which was increasing until 2020, showed a reduction in 2021 
and increased to 975 in 2022.  
The integration process resulted in the creation of value through the synergy and rationalisation of activities 
and thus strengthened Hera’s market position achieving economies of scale in its main business areas: waste 
services, energy and water cycle. 
The organic growth has been fostered by the following drivers: 
• 
cost cutting, including, by way of example, procurement cost, overheads, control on personnel 
turnover and synergies among Hera Group companies, mainly by merging a large number of small-
medium sized companies and achieving economies of scale; 
• 
efficiency gains, by moving towards an industrial approach to business management, mainly through 
the development of IT systems, unique remote control of Networks and internal benchmarking among 
the Group companies to deploy best practices innovation in, inter alia, digitalisation and artificial 
intelligence as well as continuous training of personnel and variable remuneration system linked to 
Group results; 
• 
top line growth mainly through cross selling, increase and/or adjust tariffs/prices by inflation, interest 
rates (spread) and by development capex and expansion customer base mainly in electricity supply. 
Partnership between the Hera Group and Ascopiave 
On 17 June 2019, the Board of Directors of Hera and Ascopiave S.p.A. (“Ascopiave”) approved the signing 
of a binding term sheet intended to develop a major entity in energy and gas distribution in the areas of 
North-East Italy. On 30 July 2019, Hera and Ascopiave entered into a framework agreement (the 
“Framework Agreement”) defining the geographical areas involved, the economic terms and the 
governance structure of the partnership (the “Hera-Ascopiave Partnership”). The completion of such 
transaction occurred on 19 December 2019.  
As regards the energy sector, the Hera-Ascopiave Partnership involves the creation of a single operator with 
over one million customers for their respective businesses in the Veneto, Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Lombardy 
regions, through EstEnergy S.p.A., a company already jointly controlled by both the Hera Group and the 
Ascopiave group (“EstEnergy”). More specifically, the sales assets pertaining to the Ascopiave group 
(through the controlled companies Ascotrade S.p.A., Ascopiave Energie S.p.A., Blue Meta S.p.A., Etra 
Energia S.r.l. and the associated companies Asm Set S.r.l. and Sinergie Italiane S.r.l., in liquidation) and 
those pertaining to the Hera Group (through the controlled company Hera Comm Nord-Est S.r.l.), merged 
into EstEnergy, over which the Hera Group obtained full control.  
As regards the gas distribution business, Ascopiave acquired from the Hera Group, for a price set at €168 
million, an area of concessions covering roughly 188,000 users in the Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia 
regions, which as of 31 December 2019 merged into the company AP Reti Gas Nord-Est, entirely controlled 
by Ascopiave. The value of the net assets transferred, almost entirely consisting in distribution networks and 
related plants, amounted to €134.3 million. The transfer created a capital gain coming to €30.2 million. 
In particular, in the context of such transaction: 
• 
the Hera Group acquired 49% of the shares of EstEnergy from Ascopiave, obtaining total control over 
the company;

--- Page 116 ---
114 
• 
EstEnergy acquired shareholdings in Ascotrade S.p.A., Ascopiave Energie S.p.A., Blue Meta S.p.A., 
Etra Energia S.r.l., ASM SET S.r.l., Sinergie Italiane S.r.l., in liquidation, and Hera Comm Nord Est 
S.r.l. (this latter operation does not qualify as an acquisition because the company was already 
controlled by the Hera Group);  
• 
48% of the shares of EstEnergy has been transferred from the Hera Group to Ascopiave, following all 
of the previous transactions. 
At the end of this corporate reorganisation, 52% of the share capital of EstEnergy was held by the Hera 
Group and 48% by Ascopiave. At the same time, Ascopiave was given an irrevocable put option regarding 
its minority shareholding in EstEnergy. This option may be exercised annually, at discretion involving all or 
part of the shareholding, within the period of time from 15 July to 31 October in each year and, in any case, 
within 31 December 2026.  
On 1 December 2022, with effect from 23 December 2022, Ascopiave transferred to Hera Group a stake in 
EstEnergy equal to 8% of the share capital, following the partial exercise of the put option it held. As a result 
of this transaction, Hera Group increased its stake in EstEnergy Spa from 52% to 60%. 
According to IAS/IFRS international accounting standards, the option on Estenergy shares currently held by 
Ascopiave has been classified in the financial statements as financial debt (and not as a derivative 
instrument). In line with its own accounting policies, the Hera Group has not recorded Ascopiave’s minority 
shareholding in its consolidated financial statements, thus considering the shareholding in EstEnergy, from 
an accounting point of view, as entirely owned. Following the abovementioned transfer of a 8% stake in 
EstEnergy no effects on minority interests occured because of this Group’s policy. 
In addition, in the context of such reorganisation, the Hera Group directly acquired control over AmgasBlu 
S.r.l., an energy sales company operating in the province of Foggia, which however does not fall within the 
partnership agreement concerning energy business activities in North-Eastern Italy.  
Furthermore, Hera transferred 3% of the share capital of Hera Comm S.p.A. to Ascopiave for €54 million.  
In 2020, in accordance with the agreements set out in the Framework Agreement, the Hera Group acquired, 
through several transactions, 4.9% of the share capital of Ascopiave.

--- Page 117 ---
115 
HERA GROUP 
The following diagram sets forth the organisational structure of the Hera Group as at 1 January 2023.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acantho S.p.A. 
80,64% 
INRETE Distribuzione 
Energia S.p.A. 
100% 
HERAtech S.r.l. 
100% 
AcegasAspAmga S.p.A. 
100% 
HERA SERVIZI ENERGIA S.p.A. 
84,5% 
100% 
HERA LUCE S.r.l. 
Marche Multiservizi S.p.A. 
46,7% 
HerAmbiente S.p.A. 
75% 
ASA ScpA 
51% 
ENOMONDO S.r.l. 
50% 
FEA S.r.l. 
51% 
FERONIA S.r.l. 
100% 
HERAMBIENTE SERVIZI 
INDUSTRIALI S.r.l. 
100% 
HESTAMBIENTE S.r.l. 
70% 
ALIPLAST S.p.A. 
80% 
BIORG S.r.l. 
70% 
Uniflotte S.r.l. 
97% 
Hera Comm S.p.A. 
97% 
HERA COMM MARCHE S.r.l. 
SGR SERVIZI S.p.A. 
100% 
29,61% 
ESTENERGY S.r.l. 
WOLMANN S.p.A. 
ECO GAS S.r.l. 
CONENERGIA  S.p.A. 
60% 
90% 
90% 
100% 
Hera Trading S.r.l. 
100% 
AIMAG S.p.A. 
25% 
CALENIA 
Energia S.p.A. 
15% 
SET S.p.A. 
39% 
40% 
TAMARETE 
Energia S.r.l. 
 HERA S.p.A.

--- Page 118 ---
116 
 
The Hera Group’s business model is based on a centralised integrated management approach according to 
which the activities capable of giving rise to economies of scale are carried out directly by the holding 
company, while operational activities requiring closer contact with customers and public local authorities 
are entrusted to territorial business units in order to maximise efficiency and to maintain ties with the areas 
served, thus preserving the competitive advantage of proximity to customers.  For further information, see 
“- Business of the Hera Group”. 
In this context, Herambiente S.pA. (“Herambiente”), 75% controlled by Hera, was established in 2009 as a 
waste-disposal spin-off, ensuring coordinated plant management across Italy. Herambiente in turn 
established Herambiente Servizi Industriali S.r.l., a company that is targeted to an industrial customer base. 
Hera Comm S.p.A. (“Hera Comm”), 97% controlled by Hera, with 3.3 million customers, represents the 
Hera Group on national energy markets. 
Hera Trading S.r.l. (“Hera Trading”), 100% controlled by Hera, deals with trading and procurement of 
wholesale energy commodities through a flexible rationale of supply on the international markets.  
Inrete Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. (“Inrete Distribuzione Energia”), 100% controlled by Hera, manages 
the distribution of natural gas and electricity mainly in the Emilia Romagna region.  
Over the years, the Hera Group’s expansion through external lines has resulted in the integration of over a 
dozen other multi-utility companies. In order to produce synergies, exploit scale economies and convey 
know-how, these transactions have been achieved by mergers through incorporation into the holding 
company. Marche Multiservizi S.p.A. (“Marche Multiservizi”) and AcegasApsAMGA S.p.A. 
(“AcegasApsAMGA”) are both multi-utility companies operating in the Marche region and in the Triveneto 
area respectively, which have maintained their own corporate structure even after the integration into the 
Hera Group. The aim behind this was to maintain a well-rooted and stable presence in these areas, with a 
twofold objective: guaranteeing geographical proximity and seizing further opportunities for expansion. 
STRATEGY 
Since its establishment, Hera’s strategic objective has always been the creation of value from a multi-
stakeholder perspective, in the medium and long-term. In so doing, Hera has undertaken a strategy of 
uninterrupted growth and increased efficiency in its core business activities which is characterised by a full 
correspondence between the commitments made and the initiatives implemented, capital and financial 
solidity and a multi-business strategy that balances regulated and free market activities, internal growth and 
merger and acquisition opportunities with companies operating in similar or complementary areas of 
business in order to both consolidate its market position and exploit synergies and economies of scale.  
On 8 February 2023 the Board of Directors of Hera approved the business plan for the five-year period 2022-
2026 (the “2022-2026 Business Plan”) which confirms the Group’s commitment to maintain a significant 
volume of investments over such period. The 2022-2026 Business Plan, following up on the path of the 
previous plan, is in line with the main national and international policies on energy transition, circular 
economy and innovation and responds to the particularly challenging external context – marked by high 
uncertainty caused by geopolitical instability, market volatility, rising inflation, higher energy prices and 
supply chain problems – with the aim of continuing to create value for all stakeholders.  
In particular, in continuity with the previous business plan and in full compliance with national and European 
policies and the objectives on the UN Global Agenda 2030, which have been guiding Hera’s strategies for 
some time, all projects in the 2022-2026 Business Plan are structured around the focal points set out below.  
• 
Environment: focuses on promoting a circular economy by recovering, reusing and regenerating 
resources. Interventions are aimed at increasing infrastructural resilience and at preventing and

--- Page 119 ---
117 
mitigating risks. This area also includes all actions aimed at countering climate change in order to 
reach carbon neutrality, promoting bioenergies / green gas and energy efficiency.  
• 
Socio-economic factors: involves the creation of “shared value” for stakeholders and the areas 
served, leveraging the Group’s physical and commercial assets, with new services having added value 
for customers, collaborations with external partners and projects for understanding local and social 
needs, as well as through carrying out integration transactions or participating intenders for regulated 
services. 
• 
Innovation: consists of taking advantage of the opportunities linked to technological evolution, 
digitalisation, artificial intelligence and data analysis to increase efficiency and service quality, with 
increasingly agile employment solutions, while maintaining the correct balance between people and 
technology.  
BUSINESS OF THE HERA GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
The businesses of the Hera Group include both: 
(i) 
fully regulated services managed under “licensed concessionary regimes”, i.e., waste collection 
services, distribution of electricity and gas (both natural and liquid propane gas), integrated water 
services and district heating (teleriscaldamento) (collectively, the “Regulated Activities”); and  
(ii) 
businesses managed under “free competition” regimes, i.e., the sale of gas and electricity, hazardous 
and non-hazardous special waste management, heat management services, co-generation and public 
lighting (collectively, the “Liberalised Activities”).

--- Page 120 ---
118 
The Regulated Activities are directly managed by Hera, Inrete and AcegasApsAMGA whilst the Liberalised 
Activities are managed through Hera’s and AcegasApsAMGA’s subsidiaries.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the business of the Hera Group is balanced in terms of contribution 
to Adjusted Ebitda from Regulated Activities and Liberalised Activities, which accounted for approximately 
41% and 59%, respectively, of the Hera Group’s Adjusted Ebitda as at 31 December 2022. Specifically, as 
at 31 December 2022, the Group’s Adjusted Ebitda for Regulated Activities was equal to approximately €530 
million, of which €261.9 million for integrated water services, approximately €138.9 million for gas 
distribution, approximately €43.9 million for electricity distribution, approximately €24.8 million for district 
heating (teleriscaldamento) and approximately €60.6 million for waste collection services. While the 
Group’s Adjusted Ebitda for Liberalised Activities as at the same reference date was equal to approximately 
€765 million, of which approximately €449.1 million for energy supply (taking into account the contribution 
of approximately €335.7 million for gas sales and trading which takes into account the managerial 
adjustments referred to under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”) (approximately €418 
Adjusted Ebitda in 2021 and approximately €368 Ebitda in 2020), approximately €85.8 million for heat 
management, approximately €-10.0 million for electricity sales and trading, approximately €25.5 million for 
power generation strategic areas and approximately €12.2 million for other energy services), approximately 
€277.5 million for waste management (approximately €222 Adjusted Ebitda in 2021 and approximately €191 
Ebitda in 2020) and €38.4 million for other activities. Adjusted Ebitda for networks was substantially flat in 
2022 compared to 2021 (approximately €469.5 in 2022 and approximately €472.2 in 2021), after the increase 
recorded in 2021 compared to the previous year (the Ebitda for networks recorded in 2020 were of 
approximately €461).  
  
] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The charts above report Adjusted EBITDA figures related to 2022 
The table below shows the main key performance indicators of the HERA Group’s Regulated Activities other 
than district heating (teleriscaldamento) in respect of which tariffs are not defined by ARERA.  
Value drivers 
Integrated 
water services 
Gas 
distribution 
Electricity 
distribution 
District 
Heating 
Waste 
collection 
services 
RAB (1) (b€) 
1.74 
1.07 
0.375 
0.2 
Return (real 
pre-tax) (2) 
4.8%* 
5.6%* 
5.2%* 
 
6.0%*(3) 
530 mln € 
41% 
Water 
261.9 mln € 
Gas 
Distribution 
138.9 mln € 
Electricity 
Distribution 
43.9 mln € 
Waste 
Collection 
60.6 mln € 
District 
Heating 
24.8 mln € 
985 m€ 
Waste Treatment 
277.5 mln € 
Energy 
Supply* 
449.1 mln 
Other 
38.4 mln 
€
765 mln € 
59%

--- Page 121 ---
119 
5.6%*(4) 
Concession 
length 
~2027 
/ 
2030 
 
~2034 
Tenders 
Ongoing 
Ongoing 
/ 
 
Ongoing 
Independent 
Authority 
(national) 
ARERA 
ARERA 
ARERA 
 
ARERA 
(*) data as at 31 December 2022. 
(1) The regulatory asset base referred to 31 December 2022. 
(2) Rate of return on invested capital for infrastructure services (WACC). 
(3) Rate of return on invested for Treatment  
(4) Rate of return on invested for Collection  
With respect to the Liberalised Activities, the Hera Group has the largest asset base in Italy in waste treatment 
and a fast growing treatment price, due the Italian infrastructural gap compared to other European Countries. 
In energy supply, the Hera Group has expanded its customer base to 1.4 million customers in 2022.  
MAIN BUSINESS AREAS 
The Hera Group operates in five main business areas: 
(i) 
waste management services, which include services related to solid urban waste, including the 
collection and transport of urban waste, urban cleaning and the recovery and disposal of urban waste, 
and services related to special waste, primarily the treatment and disposal of hazardous and non-
hazardous special waste; 
(ii) 
energy services – gas and district heating services, which include the distribution and sale of natural 
gas and liquid propane gas (LPG) and the associated provision of district heating and heat 
management services;  
(iii) 
energy services – electricity and co-generation services, which include both the generation 
distribution and sale of electricity activities through combined cycle and co-generation power plants; 
(iv) 
integrated water services, which include the provision of fresh water services, sewage services and 
wastewater treatment services; and 
(v) 
other services, which include the operation of public lighting, traffic light management, 
telecommunications and other minor services.

--- Page 122 ---
120 
The chart sets forth the proportion of the Hera Group’s total Adjusted Ebitda represented by each business 
area at the year-end 2022.  
 
The value of Adjusted Ebitda, broken down by strategic business areas, reflects the managerial adjustment 
to the valuation of gas storage described in the paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures” above. 
For a detailed identification of the effects of this managerial adjustment, the values of Adjusted Ebitda and 
Ebitda are provided below: 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
(mln€)  
Adjusted 
Ebitda * 
Ebitda 
Adjusted  
Ebitda * 
Ebitda 
Gas Area  
585.1 
491.1 
483.2 
487.6 
Electricity Area  
71.6 
71.6 
144.7 
144.7 
Integrated water cycle Area  
261.9 
261.9 
262.4 
262.4 
Waste management Area  
338.0 
338.0 
291.7 
291.7 
Other services Area  
38.4 
38.4 
37.4 
37.4 
Total  
1,295.0 
1,200.9 
1,219.4 
1,223.9 
 
* Adjusted results, as described under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”. 
KEY CONCESSIONS 
The following is a summary of the Hera Group’s key concessions, through which it carries out its Regulated 
Activities.  
• 
Waste collection services: The urban waste collection and cleaning activities of the Hera Group’s 
waste management services business operate in approximately 190 municipalities in Italy. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Hera Group’s operates in Emilia Romagna pursuant to concessions 
for managing urban and assimilated waste recently signed in the Bologna, Pianura e Montagna 
Modenese area (which was awarded in 2022 and will expire on 2036) and Ravenna-Cesena area 
(which was awarded in 2020 and will expire on 2034), while it operates in prorogation regime of 
expired concessions in Ferrara and Rimini area. 
• 
Distribution of natural gas and LPG: The Hera Group operates its gas distribution business across 
218 municipalities. This business is conducted pursuant to concessions originally granted for a

--- Page 123 ---
121 
duration of 10 to 30 years or more, depending on the original agreements concluded with each 
municipality.  These arrangements have been modified, however, by Italian Decree 164/2000 of 23 
May 2000 (the “Letta Decree”), implementing Directive 98/30/EC, and by subsequent amendments, 
which provide for a transitional period during which existing operators, such as the Hera Group, 
continue providing services under the original concessions until the selection of a new concessionaire 
by means of a public tender.  
• 
Distribution of electricity: The Hera Group’s electricity distribution business operates in 26 
municipalities in the Province of Bologna, Modena, Trieste and Gorizia, and in the Municipality of 
Imola. The Hera Group's concessions for this business will expire in 2030. 
• 
Integrated water cycle: The Hera Group’s integrated water cycle business operates in over 230 
municipalities, under agreements with various local authorities (generally, provincial authorities).The 
Hera Group's concessions for this business are set to expire after 2027, 2028 and 2039, save for the 
concession to run such business in Abano Terme which expired in 2015 and is currently in a 
prorogation regime.  
• 
Public Lighting: The Hera Group operates the public lighting business in over 190 municipalities 
under agreements with various local authorities. Most of the Hera Group's concessions for this 
business are due to expire after 2030, while certain concessions have already expired and are currently 
in a prorogation regime and in respect of them a new tender procedure is expected to take place.  
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW  
This paragraph contains financial information and data summarized, extracted or derived from the Issuer’s 
audited consolidated annual financial statements (except for unaudited managerial adjustments described 
under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”) as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 and 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS and/or the Issuer’s accounting records (with 
respect to financial data) and also includes and discusses certain management and operational information 
and data summarized, extracted or derived from the Issuer’s management reporting system (except for 
unaudited managerial adjustments described under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”). 
The following table sets forth a financial overview in relation to the Hera Group's adjusted profits for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 and the year ended 31 December 2021.   
 
 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
change % 
 
In millions of 
Euro 
In millions of Euro 
 
Revenues 
20,082.0 
10,555.3 
90.3% 
Other operating revenues 
548.2 
400.1 
37.0% 
Raw and other materials** 
(16,635.9) 
(6,672.9) 
149.3% 
Service costs 
(2,105.8) 
(2,464.6) 
(14.6)% 
Other operating expenses 
(74.9) 
(66.5) 
12.6% 
Personnel costs 
(601.1) 
(592.8) 
1.4% 
Capitalised costs 
82.5 
60.8 
35.7% 
Adjusted Ebitda* 
1,295.0 
1,219.4 
6.2%

--- Page 124 ---
122 
Amortisation, depreciation and provisions 
(667.1) 
(612.1) 
9.0% 
Adjusted Ebit* 
627.9 
607.3 
3.4% 
Financial operations  
(125.0) 
(119.8) 
4.3% 
Adjusted Pre-tax result* 
502.9 
487.5 
3.2% 
Taxes 
(130.6) 
(130.6) 
0.0% 
Adjusted Net result* 
372.3 
356.9 
4.3% 
Result from special items  
- 
12.6 
100.0% 
Adjusted Net profit for the period* 
372.3 
369.5 
0.8% 
 
* Adjusted results, as described under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”. 
** Managerial values to reflect the different managerial value of gas storage 
The following table sets forth the proportion of the Hera Group’s total revenues and Adjusted Ebitda represented 
by each business area for 2022 as compared to 2021.  
 
Year ended 
 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
Total revenues (1) 
Adjusted 
Ebitda (2) 
Total revenues (1) 
Adjusted 
Ebitda (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
Gas and district heating 
services 
63.1% 
45.2% 
52.1% 
39.6% 
Distribution and other services 
/ 
10.8% 
/ 
11.8% 
Sales & trading 
/ 
25.9% 
/ 
21.0% 
District heating 
/ 
1.9% 
/ 
1.4% 
Heat management 
/ 
6.6% 
/ 
5.5% 
Electricity services 
23.7% 
5.5% 
26.4% 
11.8% 
Distribution and other services 
/ 
3.4% 
/ 
4.0% 
Sales & trading 
/ 
(0.8)% 
/ 
4.1% 
Power generation 
/ 
2.0% 
/ 
3.4% 
Other energy services 
/ 
0.9% 
/ 
0.3% 
Integrated water services 
4.9% 
20.2% 
8.4% 
21.5% 
Waste management services 
7.4% 
26.2% 
11.6% 
23.9% 
Other services 
0.9% 
2.9% 
1.5% 
3.1% 
 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
 
Note: 
(1) Percentage calculated on total segment revenue, including intercompany operations. 
(2) Percentage calculated on total segment Adjusted Ebitda, including intercompany operations.  
 
The chart below shows Adjusted Ebitda growth in the Hera Group’s core activities from 2021 to 2022.

--- Page 125 ---
123 
 
Year ended 
 
 
 
31 December 
 
 
Adjusted Ebitda by 
BUSINESS(1) 
(mln €) 
2022 
2021 
 
‘22 VS ‘21 
Networks 
469.5 
36.3% 
472.2 
38.7% 
 
(2.7) 
(0.6%) 
Sales & Trading 
423.6 
32.7% 
376,8 
30.9% 
 
46.8 
12.4% 
Power generation 
(EE) 
25.5 
2.0% 
41.3 
3.4% 
 
(15.8) 
(38.2%) 
Waste 
338.0 
26.1% 
291.7 
23.9% 
 
46.3 
15.9% 
Other services 
38.4 
3.0% 
37.4 
3.1% 
 
1.0 
2.6% 
Total 
1,295.0 
100% 
1,219.4 
100% 
 
75.6 
6.2% 
Note: 
(1) Percentage and values of Adjusted Ebitda, including intercompany operations.  
OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW AND FINANCIAL DATA BY BUSINESS AREA 
Waste management services  
According to various analysts’ reports on the Italian local utilities sector and Hera’s internal research and 
data, the Hera Group is the leading domestic operator in the waste management sector, collecting 
approximately 1.9 million tons of urban waste for the year ended 31 December 2022, treating a total of 
approximately 6.9 million tons of waste during the same period and serving approximately 4.9 million 
people.  
In 2009, Hera spun off all the Liberalised Activities of its waste management business (namely, all the 
activities in this area excluding the cleaning and collection of urban waste) into Herambiente, with the 
objective of concentrating the Hera Group’s expertise and plants into a new company to better exploit its 
development opportunities.  Starting from July 2010, a portion of the share capital of Herambiente has been 
sold to leading institutional investors.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Hera holds 75% of the share 
capital of Herambiente whilst the remaining 25% is held by EWHL European Waste Holdings Limited, a 
company incorporated under English law.  
Following the integration with AcegasApsAMGA, the Hera Group has expanded its reference market to the 
North-East of Italy. This has resulted in a growth of disposal and treatment of special waste activities 
allowing the Hera Group to strengthen its leadership in the waste management area.  
Furthermore, the Hera Group consolidated its leadership in this business area at the end of 2022 with the 
signing of an agreement to acquire, in 2023, 60% of the company A.C.R di Reggiani Albertino S.p.A., one 
of the largest Italian companies operating in the field of reclamation, industrial waste treatment, the 
decommissioning of industrial plants, and civil works related to oil and gas.  
In 2022, the waste management area accounted for 26.1% of the Hera Group’s overall Adjusted Ebitda 
(taking into account the managerial adjustments referred to under paragraph headed “Alternative 
performance measures”),with this area’s Ebitda up by €46.3 million compared to 2021. In 2022, therefore, 
despite the current challenging economic and geopolitical environment, the Hera Group continued to ensure 
a significant level of growth, facilitated by geographic expansion and sound management and business 
policies. The abovementioned rise in Ebitda was mainly due to increased revenues in energy management 
accounting for approximately €30 million, expansion in the industrial waste market accounting for 
approximately €4 million, and new acquisitions in the amount of approximately €3 million. Another positive

--- Page 126 ---
124 
contribution has been represented by the increase in the prices of treated waste, partly offset by increases in 
the purchase prices of consumables as well as treatment and transportation costs.  
The table below sets forth information with respect to the Hera Group’s Ebitda for the waste management 
business for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the corresponding period in the previous year.   
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
change % 
 
in millions of Euro 
 
Revenues 
1,578.8  
1,328.4  
+18.8 % 
Operating costs 
(1,058.0)  
(846.5)  
+25.0 % 
Personnel costs 
(215.8)  
(211.8)  
+1.9 % 
Capitalised costs 
33.0  
21.7  
+52.2 % 
Ebitda 
338.0  
291.7  
+15.9 % 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Hera Group manages and operates 100 treatment plants for 
recovery and disposal of municipal and special waste including and regenerating plastic materials, inter alia: 
(i) 9 waste-to-energy (WTE) plants, 13 composting plants/digesters, 17 selection plants and 17 
chemical/physical and stabilization plants which are operated by Herambiente; (ii) 2 landfills and 1 bio-
stabilisation plant which are operated by Marche Multiservizi; and (iii) 1 biomass plan operated by 
Enomondo S.r.l., a company 50% owned by Herambiente.   
All the main circular economy initiatives, from material recovery to renewable energy production, continued 
during 2022. As part of the Ministry for the Environment and Energy Security’s “Lighthouse” series of 
circular economy projects, Hera Group was also awarded PNRR grants to build platforms catering to material 
recovery. Among such projects, the following are particularly innovative at the European level, not only 
technologically but also by virtue of the strategic relevance of the materials involved, i.e., the carbon fibre 
regeneration plant that is planned to be built in Imola (BO) and the rigid plastics recovery plant that is 
expected to be located in Modena.  
Protecting environmental resources has been confirmed by the Group as a priority objective in 2022, along 
with maximizing their reuse. In particular, in 2022 sorted waste collection increased by more than 2% as 
compared to 2021 figures. 
The table below sets out the volumes of waste, by type of waste and type of plants, treated by the Hera Group 
in 2022, as compared to 2021.  
 
Year ended 
 
 
31 December 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Change % 
 
in thousands of tons 
 
Municipal waste 
2,207.1  
2,241.8  
+(1.5)%  
Market waste 
2,554.2  
2,334.3  
+9.4%  
Waste commercialised 
4,761.2  
4,576.1  
+4.0%  
Plant by-products 
2,161.7  
2,200.5  
(1.8)%  
Waste treated by type – Total 
6,922.9  
6,776.6  
+2.2%  
Landfills 
648.5  
636.4  
+1.9%  
WTE 
1,180.2  
1,205.2  
+(2.1)%

--- Page 127 ---
125 
Selecting plants and other 
603.8  
550.8  
+9.6%  
Compost and stabilisation plants 
490.4  
498.1  
+(1.5)%  
Inertisation and chemical-physical plants 
1,405.1  
1,322.4  
+6.3%  
Other plants 
2,594.9  
2,563.8  
+1.2%  
Waste treated by plant – Total 
6,922.9  
6,776.7  
+2.2%  
 
In 2022, waste treatment showed an overall growth of 1.2%, compared to 2021. In particular, an increase 
was seen in the quantity disposed of in landfills, mainly due to the revamping of the Ravenna F3 plant and 
Trieste plant. The increased quantity in sorting plants was due to the greater quantities treated in all plants, 
thanks to the rise in sorted waste collection. In the composting and stabilisation plants, volumes are 
decreasing mainly due to lower quantities at the Ostellato plant, which was shut down for reconversion to 
stabilisation, while in the inertisation and chemical-physical plants chain, the increased quantities were 
mainly due to higher volumes treated at the recently acquired plants.  
For further information on the Waste Management Services see "Regulation" below. 
Energy services  
The Hera Group provides the following energy services: 
• 
gas and district heating services, which include the distribution and sale of natural gas and liquid 
propane gas (LPG) and the associated provision of district heating and heat management services; 
and 
• 
electricity and co-generation services, which include the generation, distribution and sale of 
electricity activities through combined cycle and co-generation power plants. 
While the sale of energy in Italy is highly liberalised, distribution is carried out through concessions.  
The Hera Group also generates electricity through combined cycle power plants and in connection with other 
energy generation processes, such as combined heat and power production, turbo-expansion, WTE and bio-
gas production. 
To respond to the greater competitive pressure in the sale of energy products, Hera has developed a 
commercial strategy called “Dual Fuel” (a combined offer to customers of both gas and electricity) and has 
intensified and further developed its customer care activities, thus expanding its customer base in its principal 
target markets. 
In this connection, on 29 July 2015, Hera incorporated the company Inrete Distribuzione Energia with the 
purpose of distributing electricity and natural gas. Hera currently envisages to contribute in this company 
the distribution activities in the electricity and gas sectors.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of the energy resources procurement activities are directly managed 
by Hera Trading, a company specialising in optimising the purchase of electricity through the Borsa Elettrica 
Italiana and different European trading platforms. Hera Trading manages gas contracts with wholesale 
suppliers and power generation electricity assets.  
In addition to the general risk management policies applied across the Hera Group, Hera’s risk management 
policy with respect to its commodities requires that market position risks be fully hedged. 
According to Hera’s internal research and data, the Hera Group is the third leading operator in the Italian 
market in energy sales (including both gas and electricity).

--- Page 128 ---
126 
Energy services – Gas and district heating  
According to Hera’s internal research and data, the Hera Group is the fourth leading operator in the Italian 
market in terms of volume of natural gas distributed with approximately 2,429.2 millions of cubic metres of 
gas distributed. Furthermore, in 2022 the Hera Group recorded sales for approximately 13,122.4 million 
cubic metres (19.2% down compared to 2021, due to reduced brokerage activity limited by current market 
conditions) and approximately 2.1 million customers (with a 1% increase of the customer base compared to 
2021), with a network of approximately 19,198 kilometres.  
Overall, the gas and district heating business accounted for 45.2% of the Hera Group’s Adjusted Ebitda 
(taking into account the managerial adjustments referred to under paragraph headed “Alternative 
performance measures”) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The growth in the Adjusted Ebitda 
contribution of this business area was seen both in terms of margins and volumes sold, thanks to the energy 
efficiency incentives, the 110% super-bonus and insulation bonus (bonus facciate), as well as the corporate 
acquisition of Con Energia S.p.A. and the awarding of tenders related to the last resort markets and Consip.  
In particular, Hera Comm was awarded the following portions nationwide through tenders: 
- 
six of the nine lots of the last resort gas service, called “Fornitura di Ultima Istanza” (for customers 
involved in public services or without a supplier) for the period from 1 October 2021 - 30 September 
2023 in Valle d’Aosta, Piedmont, Liguria, Trentino A.A., Veneto, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Emilia-
Romagna, Tuscany, Umbria, Marche, Lazio and Campania. In the previous tender, Hera Comm was 
awarded eight out of nine lots; 
- 
all nine lots of the last resort gas service, called “Default” (for customers in arrears), for the period 1 
October 2021 - 30 September 2023 in Valle d'Aosta, Piedmont, Liguria, Lombardy, Trentino A.A., 
Veneto, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Emilia-Romagna, Tuscany, Umbria, Marche, Abruzzo, Molise, 
Basilicata, Puglia, Lazio, Campania, Sicily and Calabria. In the previous tender, Hera Comm was 
awarded five out of nine lots; and 
- 
two of the 12 lots of the Consip GAS14 tender for supplying natural gas to public administrations in 
2022, both in Lombardy (in 2021, Hera Comm was not awarded any lots). 
Adjusted Ebitda increased by €101.9 million, mainly due to higher sales and brokerage activities  
contributing for approximately €80.3 million. In addition, benefits were related to incentivised energy 
efficiency certificates and district heating. The table below sets forth information with respect to the Hera 
Group’s Adjusted Ebitda for the gas and district heating business for the year ended 31 December 2022 as 
compared to 31 December 2021.  
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
change 
 
in millions of Euro 
% 
Revenues 
13,483.6  
5,969.0  
+125.9%  
Operating costs* 
(12,780.4)  
(5,377.5)  
+137.7%  
Personnel costs 
(134.4)  
(126.9)  
+5.9%  
Capitalised costs 
16.4  
18.6  
+(11.8)%  
Adjusted Ebitda* 
585.1  
483.2  
+21.1%  
 
* Adjusted results, as described under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures” 
** Managerial values to reflect the different managerial value of gas storage 
In 2022, revenues increased by €7,514.6 million (corresponding to nearly a threefold increase compared to 
the 2021), mainly as a result of the increased price of raw material gas, which began rising in October 2021.

--- Page 129 ---
127 
The Hera Group distributes gas under various concessions granted by the municipalities, most of them are 
also Hera’s shareholders, within their respective territories.  The most significant of these concessions, in 
terms of revenues and users served, are the gas distribution licences with the municipalities of Bologna, 
Ravenna, Forlì, Cesena, Imola, Modena and Ferrara through Inrete Distribuzione Energia, Gorizia and Udine 
through AcegasApsAMGA. See “- Business of the Hera Group - Key Concessions”. 
The Hera Group collects natural gas directly from the national network currently mainly operated by Snam 
Rete Gas S.p.A. through the Hera Group’s primary receiving and decompression stations, filters and 
decompresses the gas received and prepares it for distribution to end users. 
The Hera Group operates its natural gas sales through (i) Hera Comm, which sells gas in the same provinces 
as the distribution networks and also to liberalised customers in many Italian regions, and (ii) EstEnergy 
S.p.A. through Hera Comm.  
To strengthen the Hera Group’s position in a progressively liberalised gas market and to reduce natural gas 
procurement costs, Hera has concentrated all gas trading activities in Hera Trading.   
The Hera Group continuously monitors and maintains its natural gas distribution network with the aim of 
ensuring network reliability, quality and continuity of service and detection of leakage risks also through the 
progressive digitization of networks.  
The Hera Group relies on a remote control system, which allows it to react quickly and directly from its 
headquarters to perform a range of routine maintenance tasks and certain emergency interventions.  The Hera 
Group also relies on a remote alarm system to detect leaks, also assisted by sophisticated predictive 
maintenance systems that exploit business analysis.  In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Hera 
Group's call centres are staffed seven days a week, 24 hours a day for emergency calls and urgent 
intervention.  The Hera Group's natural gas distribution network and plants are managed and maintained in 
compliance with all current legislative and industry standards. 
The Hera Group is involved in the complete replacement of all traditional mechanical meters with smart 
meters equipped with remote reading according to the indications of ARERA based on Resolution 
631/2013/R/gas and following. The total number of meters is 1,640,000, of which 1,259,000 from Inrete 
Distribuzione Energia, 290,000 from AcegasApsAmga and 91,000 from Marche Multiservizi. The total 
number of smart meters currently being replaced is over 910,000. 
Given its specific nature of the managed area, the R&D department of Hera Group has developed a new gas 
smart meter with additional features compared to the minimum functionalities identified by the Authority. 
“NexMeter Project” concerns a smart meter capable of interrupting the gas flow and securing the user system 
in the event of: 
- 
relevant seismic events; 
- 
immediate and far-reaching leaks; 
- 
small latent losses. 
The HERA Group is currently installing 300,000 NexMeter in the areas with the highest seismic risk (Ferrara, 
Modena and Udine).  
Turbo-expansion plants have been installed in some of the Hera Group’s primary receiving and 
decompression stations to retrieve electricity that would otherwise be dissipated in the environment if 
traditional decompression methods were used. The electricity produced is used for internal consumption or 
sold to Hera Group.  The revenues for such sales are included in the Hera Group’s gas revenues.   
The following table sets forth information on the number of customers served, volumes of gas distributed 
and volumes of gas sold by the Hera Group in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
Year ended 
31 December

--- Page 130 ---
128 
 
2022 
2021 
change % 
Customers (thousands of customers) 
2,094.1 
2,072.7 
1% 
Distributed volumes (millions of cubic metres) 
2,429.2 
2,831.1 
(14.2%) 
Volumes sold (millions of cubic metres) 
13,122.4 
16,242.9 
(19.2%) 
- of which Trading (millions of cubic metres) 
9,529.4 
12,780.5 
(25.4%)] 
 
For further information on the Gas Services see “Regulation” below. 
District heating 
District heating is a service involving the sale of heat for customer home heating and domestic hot water.  It 
is an alternative system to traditional boilers, which makes it possible to concentrate the production of heat 
in few central installations that are more efficient and better controlled than home boilers.  From these central 
installations, the heat is distributed through a network of isolated pipelines to customers' houses in the form 
of hot water.  The heat then fuels the domestic heating system using non-polluting heat exchangers.  District 
heating provides a solution to air pollution problems through the replacement of home boilers (frequently 
fuelled with gas-oil or methane) and allows heat generation from high-efficiency production methods, 
renewable energies or energy recovered for other production processes. 
By continuing to replace fossil fuels with renewable energy or recovered energy, significant energy 
environmental improvements have been achieved in the Group’s district heating plants. In 2019, Hera entered 
in a joint venture (50%) concession for the geothermal district heating of Ferrara.  
Heat management 
The Hera Group relies on its industrial plant management experience to offer heat-production plant 
management for third parties.  The Hera Group's heat management services include the management and 
maintenance of third party plants and fuel supplies, the provision of technological and environmental 
upgrade services and inspection/monitoring of the efficiency of the combustion process and emissions. 
Energy services – Electricity & co-generation  
According to internal annual report and annual report by ARERA, the Hera Group is the fifth leading operator 
in Italy in electricity distribution by volume dispensed. In 2022, Hera’s electricity distribution and sale 
activity are approximately 15,142.5 gigawatt hours (“GWh”) of electricity to approximately 1.4 million 
customers with a network of approximately 12,792.3 kilometres.  
The number of electricity customers in 2022 increased by 3.4% compared to 2021. This growth occurred 
mainly on the “Mercato libero” market due to the reinforced commercial action implemented in the amount 
of approximately 58.1 thousand customers. The “Salvaguardia” market also increased by 2.9 thousand 
customers compared to the same period of 2021. These increases were able to offset the decrease, in the 
amount of approximately 13 thousand customers, in the “regulated” market, universal service regime, called 
“Maggior Tutela”. Similarly, there was a significant increase in sales of value-added services, with around 
95.9 thousand customers requesting these services and a 29% increase compared to 2021, demonstrating the 
increasing loyalty of the customer base.  
The Hera Group has a growing electricity generation capacity. It operates a small number of power plants 
and also produces electricity as a by-product of other production processes such as co-generation, WTE, 
biogas and turbo-expansion. A portion of the electricity generated by the Hera Group is sold directly to 
Gestore Servizi Energetici (the “GSE”) at subsidised tariffs. To fulfil the demand of the rest of its customers 
for electricity exceeding its production capacity, the Hera Group purchases electricity from national and 
international suppliers on an annual basis. 
The Hera Group’s electricity services revenues are generated from the distribution and sale of electricity.

--- Page 131 ---
129 
The electricity business represented 5.5% of the Hera Group’s Adjusted Ebitda (taking into account the 
managerial adjustments referred to under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”) for the 
year ended 31 December 2022. In particular, in 2022, Ebitda for the electricity area decreased compared to 
the previous year, mainly due to the different conditions of energy markets, related to the exceptional context 
of rising raw material prices which affected procurement activities, and a lower contribution from production 
due to reduced use of the dispatching services market. However, a solid business development is evidenced 
by the growth in customers, mainly in the free market, and the number of sign-ups for innovative offerings 
(related to electric mobility, photovoltaics, heating and air conditioning) and value-added services. In 
addition, Hera Comm Spa was awarded the following lots nationwide: 
− 
four of the eighteen lots of the Consip EE19 tender for supplying electricity to public administrations in 
2022, in the Provinces of Rome, Campania, Calabria and Sicily (in 2021, Hera Comm was not awarded 
any lots); 
− 
three of the nine lots of the Servizio a Tutele Graduali” for supplying electricity to small enterprises. 
without an electricity supplier at the time of the end of the regulated market, for the period from 1 July 
2021 to 30 June 2024, in Campania, Marche, Umbria, Abruzzo, Molise, Basilicata, Calabria, Sicily and 
Sardinia; 
− 
one of the nine lots of the “Salvaguardia” market for the years 2021 and 2022 in Campania, Abruzzo 
and Umbria, compared to seven lots in the previous two years. 
The table below sets forth information with respect to the Hera Group’s Ebitda for the electricity business 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to 31 December 2021.  
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Change % 
 
in millions of Euro 
 
Revenues 
5,042.7  
3,024.6  
66.7%  
Operating costs 
(4,950.9)  
(2,846.8)  
73.9%  
Personnel costs 
(44.0)  
(47.0)  
(6.4)%  
Capitalised costs 
23.7  
13.8  
71.6%  
Ebitda 
71.6  
144.7  
(50.5)%  
Distribution 
The Hera Group’s distribution network consists of a primary high-voltage distribution network, which 
connects receiving stations to primary network stations, and a secondary medium- and low-voltage network, 
which connects primary network stations to secondary network stations and individual customers.  
Network and plant maintenance 
The Hera Group’s electricity distribution system is maintained by employing local maintenance teams, which 
monitor plant operations and conduct regular checks to verify the current state of the network.  The local 
maintenance teams are also responsible for ensuring the safety of overhead lines and insulated underground 
cables.  All of the Hera Group’s substations, high-voltage transmission lines and secondary substations are 
monitored through a remote control system.  This system is designed to rapidly detect problems that may 
arise in the network and monitor operating pressure. The Hera Group has installed an electronic remote 
measuring system, which covers around 100% of the Hera Group's points of delivery, in compliance with 
regulations applicable to electricity distribution systems. 
Electricity sales 
The sale of electricity is fully liberalised and customers may choose to be part of the liberalised market by 
subscribing to a specific contract with a supply company or they may instead remain in the "regulated"

--- Page 132 ---
130 
market, called “Maggior Tutela” (the “Universal Service” regime) and pay the tariffs set by the Italian 
Regulatory Authority for Electricity, Gas, Water and Waste (“ARERA”). The Universal Service ended 1 
January 2021 for the small enterprises, and 1 April 2023 for micro-enterprises and will end not earlier than 
10 January 2024 for domestic consumers. 
The table below sets forth the volumes of electricity sold by the Hera Group in 2022 as compared to 2021.  
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
Volume sold 
2022 
2021 
Change % 
 
in GWh 
 
Distributed volumes (GWh) 
2,945.3 
2,861.8 
(+3%) 
Volumes sold (GWh) 
12,197.2 
11,714.9 
(+4.1%) 
Electricity generation   
The electricity produced in 2022 by renewable sources is about 712.9 GWh, slightly increased as compared 
to 2021 as a result of 695.5.  
Overall, in 2022, (i) the 30.5%, of the total electricity production is produced by renewable sources, up to 
29.5% as compared to the previous year, (ii) the 32.3% is generated by cogeneration and turboexpansion, 
high energy efficiency systems and (iii) the remaining production has a high level of environmental 
sustainability and it mainly consists of energy recovered from WTE transformation.  
For further information on the Energy Services, see “Regulation” below. 
Integrated water services  
According to internal annual report, the Hera Group is the second leading operator in Italy in the integrated 
water cycle with approximately 289.3 million cubic metres of water sold to approximately 1.5 million 
customers. 
The integrated water services managed by the Hera Group are carried out in the Emilia- Romagna, Veneto, 
Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Marche regions on the basis of long-term concessions with the relevant local 
agencies. 
Hera’s mandate of managing integrated water services refers to activities of water collection and drinking 
water treatment and distribution for civil and industrial applications, as well as sewerage and sewage 
treatment. The concessions signed with the local area authorities require the Group to carry out the planning 
and construction of new networks and plants aimed at providing the service and set forth, inter alia, 
performance and quality standards to be complied with. 
Starting from 2012, authority for rates was transferred from the Italian State to the national agency ARERA 
which approved a transitional rate method for the period 2012-2013, a two-year period of consolidation from 
2014 to 2015 and a rate method in force thereafter. With respect to the current regulatory period 2020-2023 
(ARERA resolution 580/2019), 2022 is the third year in which the tariff method defined by ARERA for the 
third regulatory period applies. A revenue (VRG) is assigned to each operator, defined on the basis of 
operating costs and capital costs, according to the investments made, with a view to increasing efficiency in 
costs, in addition to measures intended to promote and valorise interventions for sustainability and resilience. 
For the purpose of carrying out the service, the operator uses networks, facilities and other equipment owned 
by the company itself or the municipalities or asset companies. These assets, part of the inaccessible water 
stores, or granted or leased to the provider, must be returned to the municipalities, asset companies or local 
area authorities at the end of the concession to be made available to the incoming provider following payment 
of the residual value of the relevant assets.

--- Page 133 ---
131 
Hera’s relations with users are regulated by provisioning regulations as well as service charters drafted on 
the basis of templates approved by local area authorities in compliance with provisions set out by ARERA 
regarding the quality of the service and the resource. 
In 2022, the integrated water business showed a slight decrease in results compared to 2021, representing 
20.2% of the Hera Group’s Adjusted Ebitda (taking into account the managerial adjustments referred to under 
paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”), with a decrease of approximately 0.2% compared 
to 2021. Higher procurement costs for energy components and an increase in network and plant operating 
costs due in part to higher prices for material and service suppliers are nearly offset by recognition of the 
Hera Group's commitment to the highest possible standards of technical quality.  
ATERSIR definitely awarded Hera the tender for the integrated water service in the Province of Rimini, 
excluding the Municipality of Maiolo, for the years 2022-2039. The new agreement regulates the new 
concessionary relationship from 1 January 2022 until its scheduled expiry on 31 December 2039. Thanks to 
the award of this tender, the new water service in the Rimini area will be based on sustainability and 
innovation, and the Hera Group, which was also the outgoing manager for the 24 municipalities, will be 
responsible for the service for the next 18 years. 
The table below sets forth information with respect to the Hera Group’s Ebitda for the integrated water 
services business for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to 31 December 2021.  
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Change % 
 
in millions of Euro 
 
Revenues 
1,052.6  
964.7  
+9.1%  
Operating costs 
(611.9)  
(521.3)  
+17.4%  
Personnel costs 
(185.6)  
(185.9)  
+(0.2)%  
Capitalised costs 
6.7  
4.9  
+36.9%  
Ebitda 
261.9  
262.4  
+(0.2)%  
Aqueduct and distribution system 
The Hera Group’s aqueduct system covers a network of approximately 35,136 kilometres of pipelines. This 
primary supply and distribution network is completed by the connections linking this network to the user 
delivery points. 
The Hera Group’s water distribution system is a complex network of several interconnected networks and 
plants, which are connected to various supply sources in order to ensure a continuous supply even if a 
particular water source or plant is affected by a temporary interruption or shutdown. 
In 2022, volumes dispensed through the aqueduct amounted to 289.3 million cubic metres, showing a 
decrease of 2.2 million cubic metres (-0.8%) as compared to 2021. The quantities managed relating to 
sewerage amounted to 238.1 million cubic metres, down 0.2% compared to the previous year, while 
purification volumes amounted to 237.6 million cubic metres, increasing by 1.1% compared to 2021. 
Pursuant to ARERA’s resolution 580/2019, volumes dispensed are an indicator of activity in the areas in 
which the Group operates and are subject to equalisation since revenues are recognized independently from 
volumes distributed.  
Quality of drinking water  
In 2022, to ensure control of the quality of water supplied, the Group’s laboratories in Emilia-Romagna, 
Triveneto and Marche performed 421,223 analyses on drinking water, including all the analyses performed 
for the aqueduct process as a whole, of which 61% were carried out on samples collected in the distribution 
networks.

--- Page 134 ---
132 
Quality controls on the water used to produce water for drinking and human consumption are governed by, 
respectively, Italian Legislative Decree 152/2006 and Italian Legislative Decree 31/2001, as amended. Such 
controls are carried out by the water service operator and the Local Health Authorities (Aziende Sanitarie 
Locali) at the source sampling points, at the water treatment and accumulation plants and along the intake 
and distribution networks. Hera has developed a group control plan (the “Control Plan”) which describes 
the sampling points, the parameters and the frequencies of the analyses. The Control Plan is developed on 
the basis of guidelines that focus on the water’s chemical, physical and bacteriological characteristics, so as 
to fully comply with legal requirements and ensure a top-quality product.  
Specific controls are also implemented on the treatment processes of water including, inter alia, analysis for 
chlorites and trihalomethanes, which come from, respectively, the use of chlorine dioxide and sodium 
hypochlorite as disinfectants. The concentration of chlorites and trihalomethanes in the distribution network 
is kept under constant control in line with the regulatory limits. 
Wastewater services 
The Hera Group manages a significant portion of the sewage and waste water treatment systems in the 
provinces in which it operates, with different kinds of plants for sludge treatment. 
Wastewater collection 
Wastewater can be classified as follows: 
• 
domestic or non-industrial wastewater produced by households and small offices and containing both 
organic substances and substances derived from products used for domestic cleaning and personal 
hygiene; 
• 
industrial wastewater, released during production processes and typically containing a high 
concentration of pollutants; and 
• 
meteoric wastewater produced by climatic conditions (i.e., rain water, floods etc.). 
Maintenance of sewer network 
Sewage systems require regular ordinary maintenance operations, such as monitoring the efficiency of the 
elevation plants, removing sediments and obstacles that may obstruct water flows and maintaining public 
manholes. Extraordinary maintenance operations include renovation, restructuring or repairs to improve 
operating conditions, hydraulic efficiency and the infrastructural safety of the network. The Hera Group 
employs specialised internal maintenance teams for programmed and emergency operations and outsources 
some of the major infrastructural maintenance works. All such operations are controlled by a single remote 
control centre, which was designed and developed by Hera and is located in Forlì. 
Wastewater treatment service 
In 2022, the Hera Group operated the wastewater treatment service in 227 municipalities, of which 46 as 
Marche Multiservizi and 16 as AcegasApsAmga.  
The Hera Group treated over 337.4 million cubic metres of wastewater in 2022, slightly decreasing as 
compared to 2021 data (364.3 million m3) also due to the amount of rainfall. In fact, the sewage networks 
that feed those plants are generally combined sewers, and the volumes treated therefore depend on rainfall. 
The sewage network operated by Hera is approximately 14,846 km long, the 52% of the total is constituted 
by combined sewers.  At Group level, the sewage network operated is 18,923 km long, the 56% of which is 
a mixed-type network.   
Control and maintenance 
Pursuant to its agreements with the municipalities and companies which have leased assets to Hera, the Hera 
Group is responsible for the ordinary and extraordinary maintenance of the wastewater treatment plants (i.e.,

--- Page 135 ---
133 
the purification plants).  The Hera Group continually monitors its most important plants and has personnel 
present in these plants 24 hours a day, assisted by other more specialised maintenance and operational staff 
during normal business hours. The Hera Group monitors the operation of its other plants through regular 
visits, third party services for maintenance and inspections and a remote control system, which is used to 
monitor the operational efficiency and status of all its plants. The Hera Group conducts quality, environment 
and product quality control on fresh water, treated water and residual wastewater. The Hera Group controls 
the quality of wastewater throughout the entire sewage and treatment process up to the final discharge of 
purified water. 
Water consumption within the Group and water reuse   
The attention that the Hera Group has always paid to issues of sustainability and circularity, has led to the 
decision to concretely plan actions aimed at saving, reusing and recovering water. The roadmap, outlined in 
2018, was to reduce by 10% in four years (compared to 2017) consumptions of water from the domestic and 
industrial water networks in the Grup’s most “water-hungry” business unites in Emilia Romagna. Starting 
from 2020, the scope of the project was extended to include all departments that use water for process 
purposes, regardless of their consumption incidence; the activities involved were those relating to vehicle 
management, the waste collection service in Emilia Romagna and the aqueduct service. The target calls for 
a 22% reduction in the volume of water used for operations at the sites and plants by 2026 compared to the 
2017 baseline, and a 25% reduction by 2030.  In 2022 the Hera Group reduced water consumption by about 
-20.8% compared to the 2017 baseline, attributable primarily to the ongoing efforts to find areas of 
improvement in the use of water, optimise the systems, and implement measures to reuse and recover the 
resource. The outcome was influenced by the earlier than expected completion of some water saving actions 
initially planned for 2025.  
Furthermore, Hera has scheduled projects, both structural (i.e., fields of operation involving investments in 
plant modernisation) and non-structural (i.e., aimed at creating awareness of the use of water resources), and 
in particular: 
• 
measures to improve the main plants (waste-to-energy plants, purification plants, etc.) to allow the 
recovery and reuse of process water which would otherwise be discharged into public sewage or into 
the surface water body after purification treatment; 
• 
technological modernisation to optimise the systems, thus reducing water consumption for the 
replenishment of circuits; and 
• 
enhancement of the search for hidden leaks downstream of meters. 
For further information on the Integrated Water Services see "Regulation" below. 
Other services  
The Hera Group provides other services in addition to those set forth above, most notably public lighting 
managed by Hera Luce S.r.l. (“Hera Luce”) and AcegasApsAmga Servizi Energetici S.p.A. 
(“AcegasApsAmga”), telecommunications managed by Acantho S.p.A. (“Acantho”) and cemetery services.  
In 2022, the other services area accounted for 3% of Group Adjusted Ebitda (taking into account the 
managerial adjustments referred to under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”), with an 
Ebitda stood at €38.4 million up by €1 million over 2021. This increase is mainly attributable to the 
telecommunications business, despite the lower contribution made by public lighting due to the increase in 
the price of the raw materials and services used in carrying out energy upgrades. 
The table below sets forth information with respect to the Hera Group’s Ebitda for the other services it 
performs for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in the previous 
year.

--- Page 136 ---
134 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Change % 
 
in millions of Euro 
 
Revenues 
196.2  
170.8  
+14.9%  
Operating costs 
(139.2)  
(114.1)  
+22.0%  
Personnel costs 
(21.3)  
(21.2)  
+0.5%  
Capitalised costs 
2.7  
1.9  
+42.9%  
Ebitda 
38.4  
37.4  
+2.7%  
 
Energy efficiency in public lighting  
In 2022, the Hera Group manage approximately 588.6 thousand light points increased by 9.0% compared to 
2021, guaranteeing the proper operation of the public lighting service in 190 municipalities in eleven 
Regions: Emilia-Romagna, Umbria, Lombardia, Marche, Lazio, Toscana, Piedmont, Veneto, Friuli Venezia 
Giulia, Abruzzo and Sardinia. They also manage traffic light installations in some areas for a total of over 
10.7 thousand traffic lights.  
LED lamps are used in 39% of light points operated, which evidences of the Group’s constant focus on an 
increasingly efficient and sustainable management of public lighting. Consumption optimization systems 
(e.g. reduction of brightness, partial switching off, etc.) are used in 74% of the light points operated by Hera 
Luce. Energy saving light bulbs (i.e. not mercury-vapour lamps) are used in 97% of the light points served.  
Acantho’s role in the digitalisation of the territory and the Hera Group 
Acantho is the digital company of the Hera Group that serves the main cities of Emilia-Romagna and 
Triveneto with a proprietary fibre optic network approximately 4,520 km long, and provides companies and 
individuals with high-performance connectivity, high reliability and maximum security for systems, data and 
service continuity. The company has been developing an ultra-broadband fibre-optic network for more than 
20 years, on which it offers next-generation telecommunications services. The data centres operating as IaaS 
(Infrastructure as a Service) and Paas (Platform as a Service) in Imola and Milan offer cloud services to 
Group, subsidiaries and final customers, providing high levels of service quality and data security. 
Acantho’s range of services covers four macro areas: (i) data & voice communication, (ii) hybrid multicloud, 
(iii) cybersecurity and (iv) smart cities. In particular, with respect to smart cities area, Acantho offers services 
such as public Wi-Fi services, smart security systems and digital signage (i.e., multifunctional totems located 
near points of sale or public spaces, which show users information or promotional content).  
With particular reference to business customers, the connectivity services offered are based on fibre optic 
technologies, radio links and copper. The objective for the future is specifically to increase the number of 
customers connected to optical fibre, compared to copper technologies, also thanks to the integration with 
other operators (regional and national).  
Acantho is also involved in many projects for the Hera’s digitalisation, including: cassONetto Smarty; Smart 
drop-off point; Smart Metering and Smart Grid; Queue Management (Hera Comm branch offices); Hera 
Meal Vouchers Management; Hera physical security and building automation.  
HERA GROUP INVESTMENTS 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE  
Overview 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Hera Group’s gross investments (including €23.9 million in 
capital grants) totalled €709.5 million, compared to €588.7 million for the previous year.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
Hera’s total net operating investments amounted to €685.5 million, compared to €559.2 million in the 
preceding financial year. Hera’s equity investments in minor financial holdings accounted for €3.2 million.  
In 2022, the Hera Group’s investments, net of the abovementioned capital grants of €23.9 million, of which 
€17.4 million for the new investment fund (“FoNI”) (a component provided by the tariff method for the 
integrated water service), amounted to €688.7 million. 
The table below sets forth the capital expenditure both gross and net of disposals and capital grants divided 
by business segment for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to 2021. Such data is unaudited and 
is derived from Issuer’s internal data. 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
change % 
 
in millions of Euro 
 
Gas and district heating services  
156.7  
141.3  
+10.9%  
Electricity services 
78.3  
55.3  
+41.6%  
Integrated water services 
208.0  
194,6  
+6.9%  
Waste management services 
149.2  
98.2  
+51.9%  
Other services 
15.3  
14.6  
+4.8%  
Central structures 
102.1  
84.8  
+20.4%  
Total gross operating investments 
709.5  
588.7  
+20.5%  
Capital grants 
23.9  
29.4  
+(18.7)%  
of which FoNI (New investment fund) 
17.4  
16.8  
+3.6%  
Total net operating investments 
685.5  
559.2  
+22.6%  
Total financial investments 
3.2  
11.0  
+(70.9)%  
Total net investments 
688.7  
570.3  
+20.8%  
With respect to the financial year 2022, the 48.8% of the total net investments has been allocated for 
maintenance works and the remaining 51.2% for development works; whilst in 2021, the 50.0% of the total 
net investments has been allocated for maintenance works and the remaining 50.0% for development works.  
 
Capital expenditure by business segment 
Waste management services 
Net investments in the waste management area were related to maintenance and upgrading on waste 
treatment plants and amounted to €148.4 million, up €51.9 million compared to 2021. Including the capital 
grants received, investments made amounted to €149.2 million, up €51 million compared to 2021. 
The composting/digester plants sector showed an increase of €12.3 million, mainly due to Biorg S.r.l. starting 
work to construct a plant producing biomethane. Investments in landfills increased by €9.0 million, due to 
work carried out on the Ravenna plant and Cordenons landfills, as well as Marche Multisiervizi's building 
of the Cà Asprete plant. The WTE sector showed a €5.4 million, due to revamping on line two of the Trieste 
plant, as well as non-recurring maintenance carried out on the Bologna and Rimini plants, while the €11.1 
million increase in the industrial waste plants sector is related to revamping activities at the F3 plant in 
Ravenna. Investments in the collection area and equipment sector increased by €2.5 million compared to 
2021 and included the construction of underground waste collection areas, while the €10.5 million increase 
seen in the sorting and recovery plants sector was due to higher investments for the work on the new PE 
regenerator and replacement of the PELD regenerator belonging to Aliplast, as well as the start of the 
Vallortigara company's construction of the new Marano Vicentino plant.

--- Page 138 ---
136 
Energy services. 
Energy services – Gas and district heating   
Net investments in the gas area amounted to €156.0 million in 2022, showing an increase of €15.4 million 
compared to 2021. In gas distribution, the overall increase came to €12.3 million, mainly due to non-
recurring maintenance on networks and plants, which has risen compared to 2021 even considering the lower 
effect of the large-scale meter replacement pursuant to Resolution 554/15 relating to the commissioning of 
smart gas meters. In gas sales, investments coming to €13.3 million were recorded for activities related to 
the acquisition of new customers, up by €3.1 million compared to 2021. Investments were largely in line 
with 2021 in district heating and heat management services, with a decrease in district heating by Hera that 
offsets the increase in energy services in the activities of the Hera Servizi Energia and AcegasApsAmga 
Servizi Energetici. Requests for new connections have also increased compared to 2021. 
Energy services – Electricity & co-generation 
The Hera Group’s investments in the electricity service in 2022 totalled €78.3 million, up by €23.0 million 
compared to the previous year.  
The interventions carried out mainly concerned non-recurring maintenance on distribution plants and 
networks in the Modena, Imola, Trieste and Gorizia areas.  
Compared to 2021, a €18.0 million increase has been recorded in electricity distribution, mainly due to more 
extraordinary maintenance and strengthening of networks and plants and meter replacement activities, as 
well as measures to improve the resilience of the network. In energy sales, investments coming to €5.0 
million were recorded for activities related to the acquisition of new customers. Requests for new 
connections increased slightly compared to the previous year. 
Integrated water services 
In 2022, net investments in the integrated water cycle area amounted to €188.1 million, €19.1 million up 
compared to the previous year. Including the capital grants received, investments totalled €208 million, €13.4 
million up compared to 2021. 
These investments mainly involved extensions, reclamations and improvements to networks and plants, as 
well as regulatory upgrading, especially in the water and sewerage area. Investments amounted to €126.8 
million in the aqueduct, €45.5 million in sewerage and €35.6 million in purification. 
Other services 
Net investments in the other services business in 2022 amounted to €15.3 million, €2.0 million up compared 
to the previous year. 
In telecommunications, €9.1 million in investments were made in network and TLC services, €0.5 million 
up compared to 2021. In public lighting, investments were related to maintenance, upgrading and 
modernisation for lighting systems in the areas managed and amounted to €6.2 million, showing an increase 
of €0.3 million compared to 2021. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
Hera currently conducts a number of research and development projects relating to the sectors in which it 
operates, with the aim of improving its processes and operations.  In 2022, Hera’s research and development 
team worked on, inter alia, projects relating to technological development of renewable sources, 
development of environmental monitoring and control technologies, researching emerging pollutants and 
environmental catalytic converters, as well as projects relating to energy efficiency, improvement of 
networks management and environmental services.  Hera plans to continue its current research and 
development projects.

--- Page 139 ---
137 
SUSTAINABILITY 
PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE WITH A SUSTAINABLE DNA 
Sustainability has always played a key role in Hera’s strategy since its establishment. The approach adopted 
by the Group is based on integrating sustainability in its planning and control systems and, therefore, in the 
management of its business activities. This aspect has been effectively implemented through a balanced 
scorecard system involving all the company management and with constant commitment to stakeholder 
reporting.  
Hera’s goal is to be the best multi-utility company in Italy for its customers, workforce and shareholders. It 
aims to achieve this through further development of an original corporate model capable of innovation and 
of forging strong links with the areas in which it operates by respecting the local environment. 
Hera strongly believes in sustainable development since it has always been part of its corporate strategy. The 
environment is not only a part of Hera’s work, but also and above all a social heritage: a resource to protect 
and safeguard, to ensure a future for the community.  
In addition to offering quality energy, water and waste management services, Hera’s mission is to create 
"Shared Value", i.e. economic value for the company and at the same time for the community and the area 
served, with public priorities as guiding principles.  
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY – CREATING SHARED VALUE 
The Group’s mission shows a strong inclination towards sustainability, which is an indispensable part of the 
Group’s strategies, perfectly integrated and covering all areas in which the Group operates, with an 
increasing focus on creating value for stakeholders.  
Creating shared value (“CSV”) is the perspective that integrates Hera’s strategic approach to corporate social 
responsibility (“CSR”) and sustainability. It stems from a path started in 2016 and is Hera’s way of 
generating economic value for the company and, at the same time, producing a positive impact on society 
and the environment, taking into account global priorities.

--- Page 140 ---
138 
Since 2016, the Hera Group's approach has embraced activities and projects that:  
• 
improve its environmental and social sustainability performances mainly related to the businesses 
it manages (including, inter alia, in relation to applicable laws and regulations) (CSR); and 
• 
generate operating margins that are consistent with the "UN Global Agenda" priorities (CSV).  
In 2020, the CSV framework was reviewed and updated also in light of the new challenges of the global 
scenario and on the basis of the analysis of global megatrends and the internal listening process, through 
individual interviews and focus groups. Furthermore, sustainable development goals and policy analysis, 
including the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy that is currently being developed, were also considered.  
In particular, Hera has identified nine impact areas, grouped into three “change drivers” and linked to the 
eleven goals of the UN Global Agenda 2030 to which the Group contributes, seven of which are identified 
as priorities.  
 
 
The priority SDGs for the Hera Group are those goals more directly related to its business activities and 
on which the Group has a direct impact, and in particular: (i) Goal 6, clean water and sanitation; (ii) Goal 
7, affordable and clean energy; (iii) Goal 9, industry, innovation and infrastructure; (iv) Goal 11, 
sustainable cities and communities; (v) Goal 12, responsible consumption and production; (vi) Goal 13, 
climate action; and (vii) Goal 17, partnerships for the goals.  The other important SDGs, but not identified 
as priorities, are: (i) Goal 4, quality education; (ii) Goal 5, gender equality; (iii) Goal 8, decent work and 
economic growth; and (iv) Goal 14, life below water.  
The CSV approach is also reflected in the Hera’s by-laws, according to which the Issuer acts on a business 
model aimed at creating long-term value for its shareholders, by creating value shared with its stakeholders. 
To this purpose, the Issuer organises and carries out business activities whose goals include promoting 
social equity and contributing to achieving carbon neutrality, regenerating resources and increasing the 
resilience of the service system managed, benefiting customers, local ecosystems and future generations.

--- Page 141 ---
139 
The inclusion of CSV approach in the Issuer’s by-laws – in line with Borsa Italiana’s new Corporate 
Governance Code and best practices at European level – emphasises Hera’s commitment to sustainability, 
which has characterised the Group it since its establishment, and in particular to energy transition and 
circular economy, through innovation and digitisation, as well as the promotion of social equity. 
Hera’s approach to CSV also includes a practical measurement system, the so-called CSV Ebitda. Since 
2016, the CSV Ebitda has increased steadily over the years and, in light of the 2022 – 2026 Business Plan, 
is expected to account for 62% of the Group’s total Ebitda in 2026 (then expected to rise to 70% in 2030, 
as already set forth in the previous business plan of the Issuer), following a path that generates concrete 
benefits for the areas served and local communities at the same rate as the Group’s own development.  
According to Hera’s internal evaluation, in 2022 88% of the Group Adjusted Ebitda and 90% of the Group’s 
net investments were aligned to the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. 
HERA’S COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY IN NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL NETWORKS 
Hera’s commitment to sustainability has taken shape over the past years by joining leading international 
networks.  
The Hera Group was the second Italian company to become a member of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, 
a world reference in circular economy, which aims to promote awareness of aspects related to this issue, 
exchange experiences, initiate projects in partnerships and cooperate in the field of research and 
development. 2021 was also the third consecutive year of reporting on the New Plastics Economy Global 
Commitment, an initiative set up by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation to make the plastic sector more 
circular and joined by the Group in 2018 with challenging goals. Furthermore, the Group applied to one of 
its subsidiaries a digital tool developed by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation for measuring the circularity 
(Circulytics). In addition, in 2021 Hera was between the 70 companies that supported the second “Business 
Call for a UN Treaty on Plastic Pollution” promoted by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and the 
Ellen MacArthur Foundation. This call to action is designed to provide a coordinated global response in 
the form of a UN treaty to help governments and businesses tackle plastic pollution. Lastly, Hera is also a 
member of ICESP (Italian Circular Economy Stakeholder Platform), the Italian platform that includes the 
main national players in the circular economy and Alliance for the Circular Economy.  
Hera is also among the promoters of the Circular Economy Network (CEN), a project promoted by the 
Sustainable Development Foundation and by a group of companies and associations involved in the 
transition to a new model of circular economy. Furthermore, the Hera Group has been part of the Global 
Compact since 2004, and in July 2017 it was included in the Global Compact Network Italia Foundation, 
the Italian network set up in 2013 which has been currently joined by over 50 businesses and non-
businesses. Within the Global Compact, Hera also joined the CEO Water Mandate, the United Nations 
Global Compact initiative promoted to re-launch commitment by companies in the sustainable 
management of water resources. 
LONG-TERM OBJECTIVES BY 2030 
One of the most significant challenges of the Hera Group involves pursuing carbon neutrality. Hera aims 
at being one of the Italian multi-utilities with the most ambitious goal, in line with the criteria of the 
“Science Based Targets initiative” (as regards, in particular, “Well below 2°C”, intended to limit the 
increase in the earth’s average temperature to significantly under 2°C). This means lowering the amount 
of carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere by 37% within 2030, compared to 2019, calculating the 
emissions produced by the Group, its customers, as regards electricity and gas sales, and its suppliers. 
Hera’s commitment to lowering the amount of greenhouse gasses emissions by 2030 is structured as 
follows: (i) reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 28% (also by purchasing 100% 
renewable energy by 2023); (ii) reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from the use of sold natural gas by 30%;

--- Page 142 ---
140 
and (iii) reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions for all sold electricity by 50% per MWh, in each cases from (i) to 
(iii) compared to 2019 baseline. 
With an eye to 2030, the Group will also continue to make efforts towards a circular economy. The main 
objectives are:  
• 
150% increase in the amount of plastic recycled by Aliplast and more than 80% of packaging 
recycled by 2030 (compared to 2017); 
• 
25% decrease of water footprint of the Hera Group compared to 2017 and 10% decrease of energy 
footprint compared to 2017;  
• 
more than 50% of green energy sold;  
• 
more than 30 mcm/y of biomethane production;  
• 
10% decrease in Group’s energy consumptions compared to 2013; and 
• 
18% of water reuse. 
Furthermore, the Group is giving greater attention to the contribution that may come from hydrogen, with 
reference on one hand to the evolution and preparation of its own assets, beginning with gas distribution 
networks, and on the other to the new business opportunities that may be pursued thanks to its multi-utility 
platform; these prospects for development will also be pursued in partnerships with a number of important 
industrial actors. 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
On 21 March 2023, Hera Board of Directors approved the 2022 sustainability report (the “2022 
Sustainability Report”), an important tool for communication between Hera and its stakeholders and local 
communities, which details the performance and goals achieved by the Group, together with the principles 
which guide Hera Group’s actions, the future objective, the results of its dialogue with stakeholders and its 
existing initiatives.  
The main results reported in the 2022 Sustainability Report are summarised below.  
• 
The CSV Ebitda of the Group came to €670.3 million, corresponding to 51.8% of the Group’s 
total Ebitda, showing a 17% increase compared to 2021, taking into account the managerial 
adjustments referred to under paragraph headed “Alternative performance measures”. 
• 
Hera pursued the carbon neutrality of its activities and those of its customers by promoting energy 
efficiency and projects in the area of energy transition which resulted in energy consumption 
decreased by 6.9%, greenhouse gas emissions decreased by 11.7% and 27.1% of contracts with 
energy efficiency services. 
• 
Hera regenerated resources and closed the cycles through initiatives and projects in the areas of (i) 
transition towards a circular economy, (ii) sustainable management of water resources, and (iii) 
protection of air, soil and biodiversity, which resulted in 67.8% sorted waste, 17.5% of packaging 
recycled, 7.3% purified wastewater reused and -20.5% in water consumption. 
• 
Hera invested €102.8 million in innovation and digitisation and €2.3 billion in economic value 
distributed to local areas and local suppliers, which accounted for 64.5% of the total investments. 
RATING AND CERTIFICATIONS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Hera Group has been rated (i) “A” by MSCI, (ii) “B” by CDP 
(iii) “18.2 low risk ” by Sustainalytics which ranked it among the companies with the lowest ESG risk 
(best European multi-utility), (iv) “81/100” in ESG Evaluation by S&P’s Global Ratings which ranked 
Hera as the world’s best multi-utility for environmental, social and governance factors and (v) “Advanced” 
by Moody’s ESG Solutions.

--- Page 143 ---
141 
Furthermore, Hera has been included in FTSE4Good index, in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, in 
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (as Gold Class 2022, the highest rating for companies included in the 
DJSI ), and in Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index among the best 100 companies worldwide as 1st 
absolute in the ranking of the Integrated Governance Index. In addition, Hera is, for the fourteenth year in 
a row, included among the best Italian companies on quality standards of working conditions by Top 
Employer. Hera is also included in the MIB ESG index, the Italian stock exchange’s index with leading 
Italian companies that stand out for their best environmental, social and governance performances 
The Hera Group has been also assigned by the following certifications: 
• 
ISO 9001 - quality, 29 certified companies – 99% employees; 
• 
ISO 14001 - environment, 22 certified companies – 88% of employees; 
• 
ISO 45001 – health and safety, 21 certified companies – 88% of employees; 
• 
ISO 50001 – energy, 11 certified companies – 72% of employees; 
• 
SA8000 – social responsibility, 5 certified companies – 24% of employees. 
• 
ISO 37001 – corruption prevention (Hera). 
DIVERSITY MANAGEMENT 
Gender, cultural and origin differences are now universally recognised as values and must therefore be 
managed in the best possible way, bearing in mind that the management of diversity must always go hand 
in hand with the pursuit of equality. Managing diversity means valuing the unique contribution of each 
employee, which triggers a virtuous circle with positive impact on both individuals and business results.  
In 2011, in order to facilitate the development and dissemination of the Issuer’s policy on equal 
opportunities and workplace equality was created the Diversity Management that has different target: 
➢ 
spreading a culture of inclusion between public and private sectors and civil society, by sharing best 
practices with local institutions and businesses in order to reinforce the social network;  
➢ 
supporting the management and and development of pluralism within the company; 
➢ 
strengthening the role of the Hera Group in the development of a culture that values difference and 
ensures a healthy home/work balance. 
INDEBTEDNESS STRUCTURE 
The Hera Group’s net financial indebtedness as at 31 December 2022 is €4,249.8 million. Such indebtedness 
included €5,341.3 million of nominal value divided into 62.9% by bonds and 37.1% by loans (29.75% of 
such nominal value has over 5 years maturity, 68.73% has a maturity between 1 to 5 years and 1.53% has 
less than 1 year maturity). Such indebtedness, related to bonds and loans, is mainly composed by fixed 
interest rate debt (78%). Furthermore, the Group has also committed credit lines amount to €480 million. 
The refinancing needs by the end of 2023 represent less than 2% of the total indebtedness of the Group. The 
Group’s debt structure is not subject to financial covenants on debt, with the exception of a limit on corporate 
rating defined for an amount of debt (Private Placement AFLAC) coming to €149.8 million (which consists 
in one of the rating agencies assigning an opinion lower than BBB-).  
The chart below shows the maturity profile with the nominal values of the Hera Group’s financial 
indebtedness as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 144 ---
142 
 
  
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2022, the Hera Group had 9,415 employees, whilst as at 31 December 2021, the Group’s 
employees were 9,122.  
Substantially all of the Hera Group's employees are members of unions and are employed pursuant to 
national collective labour agreements, which are periodically renegotiated by representatives of the various 
professional categories represented within Hera. Pursuant to Italian law, employees in Italy are ensured 
stability of employment and their employment can be terminated only for cause and for certain statutory 
reasons. Upon termination of their employment, employees are entitled to a severance payment based on 
their annual salary, length of employment and inflation. 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Some of the Hera Group’s operations are within heavily regulated sectors. The legislative and regulatory 
environment within which the Hera Group operates is summarised in the section headed "Regulation", below.  
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Due to its extensive customer base and varied business, the companies belonging to the Hera Group are party 
to a number of civil, administrative and tax proceedings arising from the conduct of its corporate activities 
(including, without limitation, employee disputes) and may from time to time be subject to inspections by 
taxation and other authorities. Hera has conducted a review of ongoing litigation and provisions in the 
consolidated financial statements were made where the disputes were likely to result in a negative outcome 
and a reasonable estimate of the amount involved could be made. In particular, as at 31 December 2022, 
Hera had a provision for labour disputes in its consolidated financial statements which amounted to €10.9  
million (for further information, see the explanatory notes to the 2022 consolidated financial statements 
incorporated by reference herein (see the “Documents incorporated by reference”). In certain cases, where 
Hera believes that litigation may not result in an adverse outcome or that such dispute may be resolved in a 
satisfactory manner and without significant impact on the Hera Group, no specific provisions are made in 
Hera’s consolidated financial statements. 
438.1
325.4
2,558.7
5,341.3
59.5
657.0
1,081
48.9
135.6
2023
2024
2025
2026
>2026
Total Nominal Value
Debt as 31.12.2022 
Bond
Loan
22.0 
81.5 
15.0 
1,096.0 
374.4 
1,095.1 
2,694.3

--- Page 145 ---
143 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are listed on the Italian stock exchange, such 
as Hera, are provided by the Italian Civil Code, the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended, (“Regulation No. 11971”) and in the voluntary code of corporate governance 
issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Corporate Governance Code”).  
Hera has opted for a traditional system of corporate governance, which involves the presence of the 
shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors and the board of statutory auditors. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, INTERNAL COMMITTEE, RISK COMMITTEE AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors and its members  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the By-laws entrusts the management of the Issuer to a collegial body 
composed of fifteen members, including the independent ones – in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations – appointed by the shareholders’ meeting by a voting list system (collectively the “Board of 
Directors”, each a “Director”).  All the members are appointed for three financial years and they may be 
reappointed. 
The Board of Directors has the widest powers possible in order to perform the ordinary and extraordinary 
management of the Issuer.  It is authorised to carry out all the acts it deems necessary or appropriate to 
achieve Hera’s corporate purpose, with the sole exception of those powers expressly reserved to the 
shareholders’ meeting under applicable law or Hera’s By-laws.  
According to Articles 147-ter and 148 of the Financial Services Act, the relevant provisions of Regulation 
No. 11971 and Hera’s By-laws, the Board of Directors (as well as the Board of Statutory Auditors referred 
to below) shall be composed in respect of the principle of balance between the sexes at least to the extent 
required by current legislation and regulations, which provide that at least two fifth of the members of the 
board of directors (and the board of statutory auditors) shall be composed of the under-represented gender.  
The shareholders’ meeting held on 29 April 2020 appointed the Board of Directors for a period of three 
financial years. Unless early termination of their office occurs, all the members will remain in office until 
the date of the shareholders’ meeting approving Hera’s financial statements for the year ending on 31 
December 2022. 
The following table sets out the current members of the Hera’s Board of Directors and their respective 
positions within the Hera Group.  
Name 
Position 
Tomaso Tommasi di Vignano 
Executive Chairman 
Gabriele Giacobazzi*   
Vice Chairman  
Orazio Iacono** 
Chief Executive Officer 
Fabio Bacchilega* 
Director 
Danilo Manfredi* 
Director 
Alessandro Melcarne* 
Director 
Lorenzo Minganti* 
Director 
Monica Mondardini* 
Director 
Erwin Paul Walter Rauhe* 
Director

--- Page 146 ---
144 
____________________ 
Notes: 
* denotes Independent Director. 
** Mr Orazio Iacono has been appointed by co-optation, pursuant to Article 2386 of the Italian Civil Code and Article 17.10 of the 
Hera’s By-laws, as new member of the Board of Directors of Hera on 11 May 2022, following the resignation of the previous chief 
executive officer Mr Stefano Venier and has been then appointed as new Chief Executive Officer.  
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is the Company’s registered office at Viale 
Carlo Berti Pichat n. 2 / 4, 40127 Bologna, Italy. 
Principal activities performed by members of the Board of Directors  
The table below sets forth the principal activities performed by the members of the Board of Directors outside 
of the Issuer.  
Manuela Cecilia Rescazzi* 
Director 
Paola Gina Maria Schwizer*  
Director 
Federica Seganti* 
Director 
Bruno Tani* 
Director 
Alice Vatta* 
Director 
Marina Vignola* 
Director 
Name 
Other principal activities 
Tomaso Tommasi di Vignano 
Director of HERAmbiente S.p.A. 
Chairman of AcegasApsAmga S.p.A. 
Director of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Director of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Director of INRETE Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. 
Gabriele Giacobazzi  
Director of HERAtech S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Order of Engineers of the Province of Modena 
Member of the Council of the Federation of Engineers' Orders 
of Emilia-Romagna 
Orazio Iacono 
Director of HERAmbiente S.p.A. 
Director of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Director of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Director of Acantho S.p.A. 
Director of INRETE Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. 
Fabio Bacchilega 
Chairman of the board CON.AMI 
Chairman of the board Fonderia Cab S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board Fonderia Fomar Ghisa S.r.l. 
Sole Director of CORA Costr. Resid. Artig. S.r.l. 
Director of Acantho S.p.A. 
Director of HERAmbiente S.p.A. 
Danilo Manfredi 
Chairman of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Chairman of HERA Luce S.r.l. 
Alessandro Melcarne 
Director of HERA Comm S.p.A.

--- Page 147 ---
145 
Lorenzo Minganti 
Director of HERAtech S.r.l. 
Monica Mondardini 
Independent Director of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Chief Executive Officer of CIR S.p.A.  
Chairman of Sogefi S.p.A. 
Director of KOS S.p.A. 
Independent Director of Edenred S.A. 
Erwin P.W. Rauhe 
Chairman of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Director of SOL S.p.A.  
Director of Eigenmann & Veronelli S.p.A.  
Sole Director of Rabofin S.r.l.  
Sole Director of Executive Advocacy S.r.l. 
Director of Cristoforetti S.p.A. 
Director of Eigenmann & Veronelli Iberica SLU  
Director of AEInnovation SL 
Adjunct Professor of IESE Business School of University of 
Navarra 
Member of the board of Association of German Chambers of 
Commerce 
Manuela Cecilia Rescazzi 
Director of Uniflotte S.r.l. 
Director of HERA Luce S.r.l. 
Paola Gina Maria Schwizer 
Director of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Director of Cellularline S.p.A. 
Member of Supervisory Board of IGM in l.c.a. 
Director of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. 
Federica Seganti 
Director of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Chairman and Chief Exectutive Officer of Friulia S.p.A. 
Director of Finest S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of BTX Italian Retail and Brands S.r.l. 
Independent Director of Banco Posta Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
Bruno Tani 
Director of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Director of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Director of Gas Rimini Holding S.p.A. 
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Gruppo Società 
GAS Rimini S.p.A.  
Chief Executive Officer of City Gas Bulgaria EAD 
Chief Executive Officer of Technoterm Engeneering EAD  
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of D.G. Holding 
S.p.A. 
Alice Vatta 
Chief Executive Officer of Business Performance Institute S.r.l. 
Chairman of BPI Spagna S.r.l. 
Director of Fincantieri S.p.A.

--- Page 148 ---
146 
Independent Directors   
The current Board of Directors includes thirteen independent Directors who meet the requirements of 
independence and qualify as independent Directors in accordance with the guidelines provided for by the 
Corporate Governance Code. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the independent Directors are Mr Fabio 
Bacchilega, Mr Gabriele Giacobazzi, Mr Danilo Manfredi, Mr Alessandro Melcarne, Mr Lorenzo Minganti, 
Ms Monica Mondardini, Mr Erwin P.W. Rauhe, Ms Manuela Cecilia Rescazzi, Ms Paola G. M. Schwizer, 
Ms Federica Seganti, Mr Bruno Tani, Ms Alice Vatta and Ms Marina Vignola. 
On 16 December 2020, the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Vice Chairman and on behalf 
of all the independent Directors, appointed as Lead Independent Director Mr Erwin Paul Walter Rauhe. The 
Lead Independent Director will remain in office until the date of the shareholders’ meeting approving Hera’s 
financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2022. 
Senior Management  
The following table sets forth the members of Hera’s senior management:  
Marina Vignola 
Director of Acantho S.p.A. 
Director of INRETE Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. 
Head of the Degree Course in International Economics and 
Marketing, Department of Economics Marco Biagi - University 
of Modena and Reggio Emilia 
Name 
Position 
Tomaso Tommasi di Vignano 
Executive Chairman 
Orazio Iacono 
Chief Executive Officer 
Gabriele Giacobazzi 
Vice Chairman 
Alessandro Baroncini 
Networks group manager 
Filippo Bocchi 
Manager of shared value and sustainability  
Alessandro Camilleri 
Personnel and organisation group manager 
Antonella Esposito 
Internal auditing manager 
Mila Fabbri 
Legal and corporate affairs group manager 
Franco Fogacci 
Group manager of waste management and fleets 
Giuseppe Gagliano 
Group manager of external relations  
Marcello Guerrini 
Group manager of corporate services 
Jens Klint Hansen 
Investor relations manager 
Salvatore Molè 
Group manager of innovation 
Massimo Vai 
Group manager of administration, finance and control / Chief 
financial officer 
Stavros Papageorgiou 
Manager (ad interim) of district heating 
Andrea Ramonda 
Manager (ad interim) of utilities market

--- Page 149 ---
147 
Internal Committees   
Under the authority conferred by Hera’s By-laws, the Board of Directors has deemed it appropriate to 
establish four committees with advisory and consultative role in order to increase the efficiency and the 
effectiveness of its activities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Hera’s Board of Directors has set up the following internal committees: 
• 
The Executive Committee, having the task of expressing opinions on important issues, such as 
proposed appointments to top level executive positions, draft of financial statements, the annual 
Group business plan and budget, before such issues are submitted to the Board of Directors.  The 
Executive Committee has, inter alia, the authority to make certain economic-financial decisions 
relating to amounts, which exceed the financial authority granted individually to the Chairman and 
the Chief Executive Officer, but which are not strategically significant when compared to the Group 
economic-financial amounts. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee is 
composed of four members: Mr Tomaso Tommasi di Vignano (Chairman), Mr Gabriele Giacobazzi 
(Vice Chairman), Mr Orazio Iacono and Mr Alessandro Melcarne.  
• 
The Remuneration Committee, having the task of, inter alia, (i) submitting proposals to the Board of 
Directors on the remuneration of executive Directors and other managers with strategic 
responsibilities, as well as on the adoption of general criteria for determining fees for management 
on the basis of the guidelines provided by the Chief Executive Officer, and (ii) monitoring on the 
adequacy, overall consistency and implementation of the general remuneration criteria.  In accordance 
with the Corporate Governance Code, the Remuneration Committee is composed of four non-
executive and independent Directors, who, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are Mr Gabriele 
Giacobazzi (Chairman), Mr Fabio Bacchilega, Ms Monica Mondardini and Ms Alice Vatta.  
• 
The Ethics and Sustainability Committee is tasked with (i) monitoring the implementation of 
sustainability policy; (ii) formulating, upon request of the Board of Directors, opinions on specific 
sustainability issues; (iii) examining the corporate procedures on social and environmental issues and 
(iv) examining the Sustainability Report before submission to the Board of Directors. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the committee is composed of four members: Ms Federica Seganti 
(Chairman), Mr Filippo Maria Bocchi, Ms Cristiana Rogate and Ms Alice Vatta. 
• 
The Controls and Risks Committee having the task of supporting the decisions and assessments of 
the Board of Directors in relation to the internal control and risk management system and concerning 
the approval of periodic financial reports. In addition, such Committee is tasked with, inter alia, 
overseeing the operation of the internal control system, the efficiency of company operations, the 
reliability of financial information, compliance with the law and with regulations, and protection of 
company assets. The Controls and Risks Committee also performs the functions of Committee for 
Transactions with Related Parties and expresses binding opinions in cases of large-value transactions. 
In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, the Controls and Risks Committee is composed 
of non-executive and independent Directors who, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are Mr 
Stefano Verde 
Group manager of strategy, regulation and local authorities 
Susanna Zucchelli 
Water manager and diversity manager of Hera Group 
Carmine Artone 
Information systems manager 
Marco Del Giaccio 
Purchasing and contracts manager 
Dario Farina 
Administration manager

--- Page 150 ---
148 
Gabriele Giacobazzi (Chairman), Mr Lorenzo Minganti, Mr Erwin P.W. Rauhe and Ms Paola Gina 
Maria Schwizer.  
Internal control and risk management system and the Risk Committee 
The internal control and risk management system of Hera is integrated into its broader organisational and 
corporate governance structures and takes into account recommendations of the Corporate Governance 
Code, reference models and best practices at national and international levels. 
In particular, in 2011, Hera established the Risk Committee, having the task, inter alia, of monitoring and 
reporting on risk management process, including, in particular, mapping and monitoring of corporate risks, 
defining the relevant guidelines, risk policies and measures parameters to be approved by the Board of 
Directors and ensuring half-yearly reporting to the Board of Directors. It also defines and ensures protocols 
to be notified to the Controls and Risks Committee, the internal Auditing Department and the Board of 
Auditors.  
The Risk Committee is composed of the Executive Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the Chief Executive 
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Market Group Manager and the Enterprise Risk Manager. In 
addition, in case of specific issues, the Risk Committee is attended by Central Director of Legal and 
Corporate Affairs, the Central Director of Corporate Services, the Central Director of Innovation and Hera 
Trading’s Chief Executive Officer. 
Appointment of the new Board of Directors 
As mentioned above, the current Board of Directors will remain in office until the date on which the Hera’s 
financial statement for the year ending on 31 December 2022 will be approved by the shareholders’ meeting, 
which is expected to take place on 27th April 2023. On the same date, the shareholders’ meeting will appoint 
a new Board of Directors by a voting list system.  
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, a list of the proposed members to be appointed as 
Directors has been submitted by major shareholders which collectively hold approximately 40.99% of Hera’s 
share capital.  
The following table sets out the list of the proposed members. 
 
Name 
Position 
Cristian Fabbri 
Chairman 
Orazio Iacono  
Chief Executive Officer  
Gabriele Giacobazzi 
Vice Chairman 
Monica Mondardini 
Director 
Fabio Bacchilega 
Director 
Gianni Bessi 
Director 
Lorenzo Minganti 
Director 
Milvia Mingozzi 
Director 
Grazia Ghermandi 
Director 
Alessandro Melcarne 
Director 
Marina Monassi 
Director

--- Page 151 ---
149 
The major shareholders thereby identify Mr. Christian Fabbri as the person designated to serve as Chairman 
of the Board of Directors, Mr. Orazio Iacono as the person designated to serve as Chief Executive Officer, 
and Mr. Gabriele Giacobazzi as the person designated to serve as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
Along with the filing of the relevant voting list by the major shareholders – Mr. Gabriele Giacobazzi, Mrs. 
Monica Mondardini, Mr. Fabio Bacchilega, Mr. Lorenzo Minganti, Mrs. Milvia Mingozzi, Mrs. Grazia 
Ghermandi, Mr. Alessandro Melcarne, Mrs Marina Monassi – thereby declared to meet the independence 
requirements established for the Statutory Auditors (as defined below) pursuant to Article 148, paragraph 3, 
of the Financial Services Act, as well as the independence requirements in accordance with the guidelines 
provided for by the Corporate Governance Code that apply to the members of the Board of Directors.  
Furthermore, on 30 March 2023 a minority shareholder representing approximately 1% of Hera’s share 
capital submitted a list of the proposed members to be appointed as Directors. Likewise, on 31 March 2023, 
another list of candidates for the Board of Directors was submitted by other minority shareholders 
representing in aggregate 1,18926% of Hera’s share capital. 
Pursuant to the applicable regulation on voting list system, eleven members of the new Board of Directors 
shall be selected from the list that will obtain the highest number of votes, following the order as set out 
under the relevant voting list. The principle of balance between the sexes shall be respected among these 
eleven newly appointed members, ensuring that four of them shall be of the least represented sex.  
The remaining four members shall be appointed as follows: the votes obtained by each list - other than the 
list which has obtained the majority of votes, not submitted nor voted by shareholders connected, in 
accordance with the regulation applicable at the time of the appointment, with shareholders submitting or 
voting for the same list – are progressively divided by one, two, three and four.  
A first meeting of the newly appointed Board of Directors, and the set-up of the new internal committees 
established therein, will follow the appointment by the shareholders’ meeting. 
On the basis of the information available as at the date of the Prospectus, nothing is provided for therein as 
regards the alteration of the roles and tasks of each internal committee, as well as the procedures to be 
followed for the appointment of each Director for the single internal committee - in terms of independency 
requirements – which shall be established with the same procedures followed for the appointment of the 
current internal committees. 
The shareholders’ meeting to be held on 27th April 2023 will appoint the Board of Directors for a period of 
three financial years. Unless early termination of their office occurs, all the members will remain in office 
until the date of the shareholders’ meeting approving Hera’s financial statements for the year ending on 31 
December 2025. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors and its members  
The board of statutory auditors (the “Board of Statutory Auditors”) supervises the Group’s correct 
administration, assessing the adequacy of the organisation, administration and accounting structure adopted 
by the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Company’s By-laws, the Board of Statutory Auditors is composed of three standing auditors 
and two alternate auditors, each of which shall meet the requirements provided for by applicable law and 
Hera’s By-laws (each a “Statutory Auditor”).  All members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed 
by the shareholders’ meeting by way of a voting list system for three financial years.  The alternate auditors 
will replace the statutory auditor belonging to the same list who resigns or is otherwise unable to serve as 
statutory auditor in accordance with applicable law and the Hera’s By-laws. 
The shareholders’ meeting of Hera held on 29 April 2020 appointed the Board of Statutory Auditors for a

--- Page 152 ---
150 
period of three financial years and it will remain in office until the date of the shareholders’ meeting 
approving Hera’s financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Hera’s Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the Company’s registered office 
at Viale Carlo Berti Pichat n. 2 / 4, 40127 Bologna, Italy. 
Principal activities performed by members of the Board of Statutory Auditors  
The table below sets forth the principal activities performed by the members of its Board of Statutory 
Auditors outside the Issuer.  
Name 
Position 
Myriam Amato 
Chairman 
Antonio Gaiani 
Standing Auditor 
Marianna Girolomini 
Standing Auditor 
Valeria Bortolotti 
Alternate Auditor 
Stefano Gnocchi 
Alternate Auditor 
Name 
Other principal activities 
Myriam Amato 
Standing Auditor of Acantho S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERAmbiente S.p.A. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of HERA Comm 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Wolmann S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Comm Marche S.r.l. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of HERA Trading 
S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Eco Gas S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of HERA Servizi Energia S.p.A. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of HERA Luce S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of AcegasApsAmga S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of INRETE Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of HERAmbiente Servizi Industriali S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of HERAtech S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Uniflotte S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of HestAmbiente S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Recycla S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Tre Monti S.r.l.

--- Page 153 ---
151 
Alternate Auditor of Con Energia S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Feronia S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Vallortigara Servizi Ambientali S.p.A. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Tamburi 
Investment Partners S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Neptune Vicolungo 1 S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Castel Guelfo 1 S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Credimi S.p.A. 
Chairman of Revinet S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Cartalis Imel S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Il Sole 24 Ore S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Merdie S.p.A. 
Antonio Gaiani 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of INRETE 
Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERAtech S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Servizi Energia S.p.A.  
Standing Auditor of HERA Luce S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Frullo Energia Ambiente S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HERAmbiente Servizi Industriali S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HestAmbiente S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of ASM Servizi Energetici e Tecnologici S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Comm Marche S.r.l. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Feronia S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Uniflotte S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Enomondo S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Con Energia S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Wolmann S.p.A 
Alternate Auditor of Acantho S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Aloe S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Tamarete Energia S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of HERAmbiente S.p.A.

--- Page 154 ---
152 
Alternate Auditor of Marche Multiservizi S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Aliplast S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Eco Gas S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Biorg S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of HEA S.p.A. 
Sole Director of G.S.G. S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Camera di Commercio di Bologna 
Standing Auditor of Fondazione Cecilia e Mario Piretti 
Standing Auditor of Fondazione Centro Nazionale di Ricerca in 
High-Performance Computing, Big Data and Quantum 
Computing 
Alternate Auditor of Laboravi Findenter S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Eurofrut S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Zanichelli Editore S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Zanichelli Venture S.p.A. 
Marianna Girolomini 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Aloe S.p.A. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of HERAtech S.r.l. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Tamarete Energia 
S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of INRETE Distribuzione Energia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Comm S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Wolmann S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Trading S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Uniflotte S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HERA Luce S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Aliplast S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of ASA S.c.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of HERAmbiente Servizi Industriali S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of HestAmbiente S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of S.G.R. Servizi S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Eco Gas S.r.l.  
Standing Auditor of HEA S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Con Energia S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of EstEnergy S.p.A.

--- Page 155 ---
153 
Conflicts of Interest 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Hera of the members of Hera’s Board of 
Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors or management and the private interests, or other duties, of such 
persons.   
Board of Statutory Auditors 
As mentioned above, the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors will remain in office until the 
date on which the Hera’s financial statement for the year ending on 31 December 2022 will be approved by 
the shareholders’ meeting, which is expected to take place on 27th April 2023. On the same date, the 
shareholders’ meeting will appoint a new Board of Statutory Auditors by a voting list system.  
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, a list of the proposed members to be appointed as 
Statutory Auditors has been submitted by major shareholders which collectively hold approximately 40.99% 
of Hera’s share capital.  
The following table sets out the list of the proposed members. 
Alternate Auditor of Etra Energia S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Acantho S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of AcegasApsAmga S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Feronia S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Enomondo S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of SET S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Frullo Energia Ambiente S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of HERA Comm Marche S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Adria Link S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Tre Monti S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Banca Malatestiana – Credito Cooperativo 
– Società Cooperativa 
Alternate Auditor of Il Sole 24 Ore S.p.A. 
Valeria Bortolotti 
Statutory Auditor of Borghi F.lli Imballaggi S.r.l.  
Sole Director of Agora S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Associazione Università Verde di Bologna 
APS 
Stefano Gnocchi 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Snam S.p.A. 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Gruppo MOL 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of MTA S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of RCP 6 S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Consorzio Logistica Pacchi S.c.p.a.

--- Page 156 ---
154 
 
Along with the filing of the relevant voting list by the major shareholders – Mrs. Marianna Girolomini, Mr. 
Antonio Gaiani, Mrs. Susanna Giuriatti – thereby declared to meet the requirements provided for by 
applicable law and Hera’s By-laws for the Statutory Auditors.  
Furthermore, on 30 March 2023 a minority shareholder representing approximately 1% of Hera’s share 
capital submitted a list of the proposed members to be appointed as Statutory Auditors. Likewise, on 31 
March 2023, another list of candidates for the Board of Statutory Auditors was submitted by other minority 
shareholders representing in aggregate 1,18926% of Hera’s share capital. 
Pursuant to the applicable regulation on voting list system, two standing auditors and one alternate auditor, 
including at least one standing auditor of the least represented gender, shall be selected from the list that has 
obtained the highest number of votes, following the order as set out under the relevant voting list. The third 
standing auditor and the other alternate auditor shall be selected from the other lists, electing respectively 
the first and second proposed member from the list with the second highest quotient, including at least one 
alternate auditor of the least represented gender. 
The shareholders’ meeting to be held on 27th April 2023 will appoint the Board of Statutoy Auditors for a 
period of three financial years. Unless early termination of their office occurs, all the members will remain 
in office until the date of the shareholders’ meeting approving Hera’s financial statements for the year ending 
on 31 December 2025. 
Shareholders 
Major Shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Hera has a widespread shareholding structure with 111 public 
shareholders that are parties to a shareholders’ agreement (approximately 45.8% of Hera’s share capital), 
effective from 1 July 2021 and expiring on 30 June 2024, stipulated on 28 April 2021 in continuity with the 
previous agreement stipulated on 26 June 2018, governing, inter alia, the exercise of their voting rights and 
the disposal of part of their shareholdings in Hera (approximately 38.3%  of Hera’s share capital) (the “Public 
Shareholders’ Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Public Shareholders’ Agreement, the public entities which are 
parties thereto have undertaken to keep a minimum portion of their shares registered in the Special List (as 
defined below).  
The following table sets forth all shareholders of Hera holding, either directly or indirectly, more than 3% of 
Hera voting capital, based on communications provided pursuant to Article 120 of the Financial Services 
Act and publicly available information.  
Name 
Position 
Marianna Girolomini 
Standing Auditor 
Antonio Gaiani  
Standing Auditor 
Susanna Giuriatti 
Alternate Auditor 
Declarer 
Direct Shareholder 
Type of possession 
Percentage of 
voting capital  
Comune di Bologna 
Comune di Bologna 
Owner 
11.228% 
 
Total 
 
11.228% 
Comune di Imola 
CON.AMI 
Owner 
9.739%

--- Page 157 ---
155 
Increased voting rights 
The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of Hera held on 28 April 2015 amended Article 6.4 of Hera’s By-
laws by introducing the so-called increased voting rights (sistema di voto maggiorato) provided under Article 
127-quinquies of the Financial Services Act. Such voting system provides a bonus for shareholders holding 
a stable interest in Hera’s share capital which are thus more inclined to promote the Hera Group’s long-term 
growth. 
For this purpose, Hera has set-up a special list (the “Special List”) where shareholders may apply to be 
enrolled specifying the number of shares in respect of which such application is made. Shareholders enrolled 
for a continuous period of at least twenty-four months from the date of their registration in the Special List 
and providing a certificate issued by the account holder which certifies the continuous enrolment in such 
Special List will be entitled to cast two votes per each of such shares on the resolutions relating to the 
following matters: 
(1) 
amendment to Article 6.4 and 8 of Hera’s by-laws; 
(2) 
appointment and/or removal of the Board of Directors or of any Director; and 
(3) 
appointment and/or removal of the Board of Statutory Auditors or of any Statutory Auditor. 
 
Comune di Imola 
Owner 
0.006% 
 
Total 
 
9.745% 
Comune di Modena 
Comune di Modena 
Owner 
8.712% 
 
Total 
 
8.712% 
Lazard Asset Manag. LLC 
Gestione del Risparmio 
Lazard Asset Manag. LLC 
Gestione del Risparmio 
Owner 
3.369% 
 
Total 
 
3.369% 
Comune di Ravenna 
Ravenna Holding S.p.A.  
Owner 
6.569% 
 
Comune di Ravenna 
Owner 
0.000% 
 
Total 
 
6.569% 
Comune di Trieste 
Comune di Trieste 
Owner 
4.985% 
 
Total 
 
4.985% 
Comune di Padova  
Comune di Padova 
Owner 
4.138% 
 
Total 
 
4.138% 
Comune di Udine 
Comune di Udine 
Owner 
3.959% 
 
Total 
 
3.959%

--- Page 158 ---
156 
Treasury shares and buy-back programme  
In 2006, Hera initiated a programme to buy-back its ordinary shares on the market and hold them as treasury 
shares in order to fund opportunities that may arise for the integration of small companies and to standardise 
any anomalous fluctuations in share prices compared with those of its main Italian competitors. The 
shareholder meeting held on 28 April 2022 extended this treasury share purchase plan (the “Share Purchase 
Plan”) for a further 18 months whereby a maximum revolving of 60 million shares may be purchased by 
Hera, up to a total amount of €240 million. The same shareholders’ meeting resolved also to authorise the 
disposal (including, without limitation, any sale, exchange and contribution in kind) of the treasury shares 
purchased from time to time. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Hera holds approximately 35.9 million treasury shares.  
Transactions with Related Parties 
On 21 December 2010, the Board of Directors of Hera approved a new procedure, subsequently updated, 
that regulates the approval and the execution of the transactions with related parties entered into by Hera, 
directly or through its subsidiaries, which was adopted in accordance with the provisions of Article 2391-bis 
of the Italian Civil Code and the implementing CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 of 12 March 2010, as 
subsequently amended.  Such procedure replaced, with effect from 1 January 2011, any previous regulation 
for transactions with related parties approved by the Board of Directors of Hera. On 30 June 2021, the Board 
of Directors of Hera approved an update of the above-mentioned procedure, effective as from 1 July 2021, 
in order to adapt it to the changes introduced by CONSOB resolution No. 21624 of 10 December 2020 to 
CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
For further information, see “Procedure for transactions with Related Parties” available, on the Hera’s 
website https://eng.gruppohera.it/group_eng/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-system/policies-
and-procedures.  
The Hera Group performs local public services, in almost all the territories of its municipality shareholders, 
based on direct contracts with the municipalities, which are entered into on an arms-length basis.  In the 
management of these services, Hera makes use of networks, plants and assets owned by the Hera Group and 
manages other networks, plants and assets owned by the local public bodies, which are shareholders of Hera, 
and by the asset companies, whose shareholders are also shareholders of Hera. 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s current independent auditors are Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”), with registered office 
at Via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. Deloitte is registered under No. 132587 in the register of independent 
auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance and is also a member of the ASSIREVI (Associazione 
Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the Italian association of auditing firms. 
Deloitte was appointed for the 2015 – 2023 period by the shareholders’ meeting held on 23 April 2014, upon 
a proposal put forward by the Board of Statutory Auditors. Deloitte audited, inter alia, the consolidated 
financial statements of the Hera Group for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 and on 31 
December 2021. 
In view of the end of Deloitte’s appointment, the Board of Statutory Auditors of Hera deemed it appropriate 
to begin the procedure for selecting the new auditing firm for the 2024-2032 financial years in advance. As 
a result of a tender procedure carried out under the supervision of, and upon a proposal put forward by, the 
Board of Statutory Auditors, the shareholders’ meeting of Hera held on 28 April 2022 appointed KPMG 
S.p.A. (“KPMG”), with registered office at Via Vittor Pisani, 31, 20124 Milan, Italy, as the new Issuer’s 
independent auditors for the 2024 – 2032 period. KPMG is registered under No. 13 in the register of 
independent auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance and is also a member of the ASSIREVI 
(Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the Italian association of auditing firms.

--- Page 159 ---
157 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
▪ 
IdrogeMO – Hera and Snam project for Modena's hydrogen valley 
The joint Hera and Snam S.p.A. project to build a green hydrogen production hub in the municipality of 
Modena has received Euro 19.5 million funds from the Emilia-Romagna Region as part of the Italian NRRP. 
The construction of the hub is expected to take place in a disused industrial area in Via Caruso in Modena. 
The area will host a 6 MW photovoltaic park connected to an electrolyser – a device designed to extract 
hydrogen from water through the process of electrolysis – which, thanks to the use of electricity provided by 
the photovoltaic field, is expected to produce up to 400 tons of hydrogen per year. In order to power the 
electrolyser at night as well, the hub will be complemented by a battery for electricity storage. Planned 
investment amounts to approximately Euro 20.8 million. 
▪ 
From PNRR over 19 million for environmental services 
Additional 41 projects of the Hera Group have been awarded more than Euro 19 million from the Italian 
NRRP under the so-called Mission 2 "Green Revolution and Ecological Transition". These funds are 
expected to be used by Hera for the upgrading and digitisation of collection centres and "smart" facilities in 
approximately 30 municipalities in Emilia-Romagna, Veneto and Friuli Venezia-Giulia and to represent an 
important contribution to the development of the circular economy.

--- Page 160 ---
158 
REGULATION 
EU and Italian laws and resolutions comprise significant regulation in relation to the Hera Group's core 
energy (sale and distribution of electricity and gas), water (water pipeline, sewerage and purification), 
district heating and environmental services (waste collection and disposal businesses). The main legislative 
and regulatory measures applicable to the Hera Group at the date of this Base Prospectus are summarised 
below. Although this summary contains all the information that the Issuer considers material in the context 
of the issue of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulation. Prospective 
investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable 
to the Hera Group and of the impact it may have on an investment in the Notes and should not rely on this 
summary only. 
Overview on energy and environmental European and Italian regulation  
EU Energy Regulation: the Clean Energy Package  
In 2016 the EU has agreed a comprehensive update of its energy policy framework to facilitate the transition 
away from fossil fuels towards cleaner energy and to tackle global warming (according to EU’s Paris 
Agreement commitments for reducing GHG emissions). 
The current energy rulebook – called “the Clean energy for all Europeans package” entered into force on 
late spring 2019 and has been completely transposed into Italian legislation (the “Package”). However, it is 
expected that many aspects of the Package will be soon reformed according to new targets and provisions 
proposed by Fit for 55 Package and REPowerEU (see the dedicated section below). The Package consists of 
eight legislative acts, in order to establish a modern design for the EU electricity market, adapted to the new 
realities of the market (more flexible, more market-oriented and better placed to integrate a greater share of 
renewables) and to promote energy efficiency. The measures are listed below. 
• 
Energy performance in buildings Directive (2018/844): outlines specific measures for the building 
sector to tackle GHG emissions and energy efficiency challenges (updating and amending provisions 
from the 2010 Energy Performance Building Directive). 
• 
Renewable energy II Directive (2001/2018) (“RED II”) set an ambitious binding target of 32% for 
renewable energy sources in the EU’s energy mix by 2030. The recast renewable energy directive 
entered into force in December 2018. Please note that RED II reform is currently under Trilogue. 
• 
Energy efficiency Directive (2002/2018): putting energy efficiency first is a key objective in the 
Package. The EU has therefore set binding targets of at least 32.5% energy efficiency by 2030, relative 
to a ‘business as usual’ scenario. The new Directive (amending 2012/27 energy efficiency directive) 
has been in place since December 2018. 
• 
Governance Regulation (1999/2018): introduces five dimensions for the governance of the energy 
union, through which each Member State is required to draft integrated 10-year national energy and 
climate plans (“NECPs”) for 2021 to 2030 outlining how they will achieve their respective targets 
on all dimensions of the energy union, including a longer-term view towards 2050.  
• 
Internal electricity market Regulation: establishes rules aimed at ensuring the functioning of the 
internal electricity market supply and includes renewable energy and environmental policy 
development requirements and specific rules for certain types of renewable energy plants with regard 
to the balancing responsibility, dispatching and re-dispatching as well as the CO2 emissions threshold 
for the new generated power, whether the same capacity is subject to temporary measures and ensure 
the necessary level of resource adequacy, i.e. capacity mechanisms.

--- Page 161 ---
159 
• 
Common rules for the internal energy market electricity Directive: the main goals of the Directive 
are to guarantee (i) common standards for the internal market and (ii) a broad electricity supply 
accessible to all. 
• 
A new regulation on risk preparedness. 
• 
A regulation outlining a stronger role for the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators 
(ACER). 
The European Green deal and the REPowerEU initiative  
As regards European policies, the most significant new features are expected to appear in the European 
“Green Deal”, the strategy adopted by the European Commission to orient growth in the EU and define a 
path allowing climate neutrality to be met by 2050. The “Green Deal” is a fundamental element in European 
industrial strategy and economic recovery, and it is expected to include many policy measures intended to 
make effective the transition to sustainability. In early 2020, the Commission presented its Climate law, 
which aims at setting more ambitious targets in reducing climate-changing emissions by 2030 (55% 
compared to the figures recorded in 1990) within the “Green Deal”, the 2020 policies concerning the energy 
sector include the Smart Sector Integration Strategy. This initiative, in combination with a hydrogen 
development strategy, requires a change in the community’s approach to the energy system, with the 
objective of maximising the use of all renewable sources and making the most, where possible, of currently 
existing infrastructures.  
In order to achieve such ambitious targets, the Commission published, on July and December 2021, its “Fit 
for 55” Package that includes a wide range of reforms, covering the key EU climate policies, as well as 
various related laws on transport, energy and taxation. Please note that the Package is not yet effective and 
is just composed by 15 proposals that include (amongst other thing) a gas sector reform to facilitate the 
development of renewable and low-carbon gases including hydrogen but most of all reforms raising targets 
for renewables and energy efficiency for member States. For these reasons the “Fit for 55” Package will also 
imply a revision of Energy Efficiency Directives and RED II. Furthermore, the new Package proposes also 
a reform of the EU Emissions Trading Scheme (EU ETS) and the introduction of a carbon border adjustment 
mechanism (CBAM) to tax high-carbon imports 
In March 2022, in response to the outbreak of war and consequent energy crisis, the European Commission 
presented the REPowerEU Plan, which aims at accelerating energy transition to reduce fossil fuels 
dependence. The REPowerEU Plan sets out a series of measures and actions, among which an increase of 
the targets of “Fit for 55” in 2030. The Plan includes a proposal to raise from 40% to 45% the renewable 
share of energy mix and to set at 40% the goal of reduction of final energy consumptions (compared to 2007). 
Beside long-term goals, the REPowerEU Plan introduces temporary measures to mitigate the energy price 
impact on final consumers. On 7th October 2022 entered into force the Council Regulation 2022/1854, that 
includes measures to reduce electricity demand to help lower the electricity costs for consumers and suggests 
a temporary revenue cap on electricity producers using technologies with lower costs, such as renewables, 
nuclear and waste. Moreover, it introduces a temporary solidarity contribution on extra profits made in the 
oil, gas, coal and refinery sectors, with the goal of raising funds to be redirected to energy consumers. In 
Italy, these provisions have been adopted with 2023 budget law. On 19th December 2022, EU energy 
ministers have reached a political agreement on the introduction of a market correction mechanism to protect 
EU businesses and households from episodes of excessively high gas prices in the EU. It was approved on 
22nd December 2022 and it entered into force for one year starting from the 15th February 2023. It activates 
automatically based upon market prices values.  
An additional strategic component of the “Green Deal” is the new Circular Economy Action Plan (CEAP), 
presented in March 2020, which offers a renewed strategic framework for structuring circularity in the

--- Page 162 ---
160 
European Union’s economic development. The following initiatives included in the CEAP are worth 
mentioning:  
• 
elaborating a strategic framework for sustainable production and consumption models, with legislation 
to apply the ecodesign and principles of circularity (product reuse and recyclability);  
• 
sector initiatives (regulatory and economic tools) concerning the key value chains with high potential 
for improvement in circularity, including plastics, packaging and the textiles sector; 
• 
bringing sorted waste systems into line across the European Union, considering the most effective 
combinations in collection models, technical and digital enablers, and economic tools;  
• 
policies and economic measures to create an efficient internal market for recycled materials and ensure 
high-quality recycling, reducing exports of waste outside the European Union as much as possible. 
Please note that on March 2022 the European Commission proposed some new legislative measures about 
Circular Economy Action plan, not yet effective and still under institutional debate, related to Ecodesign, 
energy labelling and textiles strategy.  
EU Recovery and Resilience Facility and the National Resilience and Recovery Plan 
As part of a wide-ranging response to coronavirus pandemic crisis, the European Commission has introduced 
the Recovery and Resilience Facility (“RRF”) aimed at mitigating the economic and social impact and at 
making European economies and societies more sustainable, resilient and better prepared for the challenges 
and opportunities of the green and digital transitions. Actually, at least the 37% of the financial support 
scheme from RRF must be conveyed towards projects related to the Ecological Transition (that include, for 
instance, RES, energy efficiency, circular economy, sector coupling and hydrogen). 
Following the RFF initiative Italian Government applied for the whole available amount in grants and loans 
and obtained approximately 191 billion euros to fund own National Resilience and Recovery Plan 
(“NRRP”). The NRRP is composed by 6 different Missions, the second of which Mission n.2 “Green 
revolution and ecological transition” received the largest resources amount (around 59 billion). Mission 
n.2 addresses investments towards four different components: sustainable agriculture and circular economy 
(5,27 billion €), renewable energy, hydrogen, power grids and sustainable mobility (23,78 billion €), energy 
efficiency and building regeneration (15,36 billion €), land protection and water resources (15,05 billion €). 
Furthermore, to facilitate the implementation of the NRRP projects by 2026, some important reforms have 
been approved at national level, including inter alia: 
• the Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Environment and Energy Security approved on 15th September 
2022 to encourage the production of biomethane from agricultural and organic waste, which allocates 
about € 1.7 billion through auction mechanisms; 
• the Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Environment and Energy Security approved on 21st September 
2022 introducing preferential criteria for the production of green electrolytic hydrogen; 
• the National strategy for the circular economy and the National waste management programme to ensure 
a genuine transition to a circular economy. 
Italian Energy Regulation and the Italian Energy strategy  
Ministry of Environment and Energy Security (“MEES”) shares the responsibility for the overall 
supervision and regulation of the Italian energy sector with the Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks 
and Environment (“ARERA”). In particular, the MEES establishes the strategic guidelines and principles 
for the electricity and gas sector, while the ARERA regulates tariffs and technical matters.  
In addition to regulation by the ARERA, the Antitrust Authority also plays an active role in the energy market 
in ensuring competition between suppliers and protecting the rights of clients to choose their suppliers.

--- Page 163 ---
161 
As regards national policies, in early 2020 the Ministry for economic development approved the definitive 
version of the Energy and Climate Integrated National Plan (NECP), which defines goals for 2030 in 
terms of renewable energy production (30%), energy efficiency (-40% vs. 2007) and emission reduction (-
40% vs. 1990). These figures will all likelihood be revised in light of new Green Deal features (and in 
particular according to new hydrogen trends). 
In line with the EU vision, Italy plans to take an integrated approach to tackling issues relating to energy and 
climate, and agrees with the approach proposed by the Governance Regulation, which opts for an organic 
and synergic strategy for the five dimensions of the Energy Union, in particular: 
(a) 
Decarbonization: Italy is considering accelerating the transition from traditional fuels to renewable 
sources, by promoting the gradual phasing out of coal for electricity generation in favour of an 
electricity mix based on a growing renewables share and, for the remainder, gas. This transition will 
require replacement plants and the necessary infrastructure to be built with the proper planning;  
(b) 
Energy efficiency: the Italian strategy provides for a mix of physical, economic (in particular 
maintaining existing incentives regimes), regulatory and policy instruments, calibrated towards the 
sectors of activity (i.e. industry, transports and households) and type of beneficiaries; 
(c) 
Energy security: In terms of security of supply, the aim is, on the one hand, to become less dependent 
on imports by increasing renewable sources and energy efficiency and, on the other hand, to diversify 
sources of supply (for example through the use of natural gas, including LNG, with infrastructure 
consistent with the scenario of full decarbonisation by 2050); 
(d) 
Internal market: a greater degree of market integration is considered to be advantageous to the entire 
Union, and therefore the electricity interconnections and market coupling with other Member States 
will be enhanced; however, given Italy’s geographical position, the interconnections with third 
countries will also be studied and developed, in order to facilitate efficient trade. Particular attention 
will be paid to the resilience and flexibility of the systems, in particular of transmission and 
distribution networks, through the use of preventive measures proportionate to the expected increase 
in extreme events and periods of heavy load, and management rules that enable the proper functioning 
of the systems to be quickly restored; and 
(e) 
Research and innovation: Italian strategy focuses on three criteria: 
• 
the finalization of resources and activities geared towards the development of processes, 
products and knowledge related to the use of renewables, energy efficiency and network 
technology;  
• 
the synergistic integration between systems and technologies;  
• 
the milestones in the process towards full decarbonization. 
A NCEP reform is expected to occur in the forthcoming months. 
EU and Italian circular economy – waste legislation package  
In adopting the Circular Economy Action Plan in December 2015, the European Commission proposed a set 
of revised Legislative Proposals on Waste. After the discussion at EU level, the directives have been officially 
published in June 2018 and was transposed into the Italian national legislation in September 2020. This 
relevant European legislation was implemented amending the Legislative Decree n.152/2006 (the 
“Environmental Code”), which regulates the legislative framework for waste management in Italy, as well 
as the Decree n.36/2003, which regulates the waste landfill management and aftercare. The revised directives 
introduce new targets for municipal waste management, along with provisions regarding the management of 
the several waste fractions, in order to enhance the transition to a Circular Economy.

--- Page 164 ---
162 
In particular, the revised Waste Framework directive (EU) 2018/851 establishes a set of targets for recycling 
of municipal waste (55% by 2025, increasing to 60% by 2030 and 65% by 2035). Beside these targets, the 
directive also promotes several measures for waste prevention and provides a set of economic instruments 
and other measures to enhance the application of the waste hierarchy. The waste framework directive 
introduces also minimum requirements for the Extended Producers Responsibility and requires the Member 
States to introduce separate collections for biowaste (by 31 December 2023), and for textiles and hazardous 
waste (by 1 January 2025).  
The revised Landfill directive (EU) 2018/850 sets a new target for limiting the landfilling of municipal waste 
at 10% by 2035.   
Moreover, the revised Packaging and packaging waste directive (EU) 2018/852 sets more ambitious targets 
for the recycling of the several packaging materials, in order to improve the overall resource efficiency.  
Finally, Directive (EU) 2019/904 on single-use plastics was adopted in June 2019 with the aim to prevent 
and reduce the impact of certain plastic products on the environment, in particular the aquatic environment, 
and on human health, as well as to promote the transition to a circular economy with innovative and 
sustainable business models, products and materials. It has been transposed into Italian legislation with the 
approval of Legislative Decree 196/2021 on 8th November, that entered into force on 14th January 2022. 
Electricity regulation in Italy  
At a national level, electricity regulation is very fragmentary. The Italian liberalisation of the electricity 
sector started in 1999 with Legislative Decree No. 79/1999 (the “Bersani Decree”), implementing the EU 
Directive 1996/92/EC on the internal electricity market. The Bersani Decree provides, inter alia, for the 
separation of generation, transmission and distribution activities, the introduction of free competition in 
power generation and the gradual opening of the retail market to competition for consumers meeting certain 
consumption thresholds (the “free market”), while maintaining a regulated monopoly structure for power 
transmission and distribution. 
The regulatory framework for the Italian electricity sector based on the Bersani Decree has been further 
amended by, inter alia, Law No. 239 of 23 August 2004 (known as the Marzano Law) and several other 
provisions implementing European directives on the energy sector, including, in particular, Directive 
2001/77/EC, Directive 2003/54/EC and Directive 2009/72/EC, with a view to improving liberalisation and 
competition. The discipline of separation has been implemented by internal laws and ARERA Resolutions, 
including in force Resolution No. 296/15 concerning the functional unbundling integrated text. 
In the same direction, the regulatory framework on electricity sector has been updated by Law Decree No. 
91/2014 transposed into Law No. 116/2014 (the “Competitiveness Decree”). In particular, the 
Competitiveness Decree has endorsed measures aiming at reducing energy costs for small and medium-size 
Italian companies as well as it has redefined incentives for renewable sources, based on a combination of the 
residual term for the incentive and its extent in time.  
Legislative Decree No. 102/2014, implementing the Directive 2012/27/UE, has provided measures to 
improve energy efficiency and to achieve the primary energy saving national target for the period 2014-2020, 
by means of three main tools, which are the Energy Efficiency Certificate system, tax deductions and the 
Energy Efficiency Support Scheme (Conto Termico). 
Transmission and distribution 
Network electricity activities are “transmission” (the transport of electricity on high and very high voltage 
interconnected networks from the plants where it was generated or, in the case of imported energy, from the 
points of acquisition, to distribution systems) and “distribution” (the transportation and conversion of electric 
energy, from the transmission grid, on distribution networks of medium and low-voltage for delivery to end-
users).

--- Page 165 ---
163 
Distribution companies in Italy are licensed by the state to provide distribution services to all clients who 
request them. These clients are subject to the payment of applicable tariffs. 
The Bersani Decree sought to promote the consolidation of the Italian electricity distribution industry by 
providing for a single distribution licence within each municipality and establishing procedures to 
consolidate distribution activities under a single operator in municipalities where both Enel S.p.A. (the 
former monopolist) and a local distribution company were engaged in electricity distribution. The same 
Bersani Decree gave local distribution companies the right to request that Enel S.p.A. sell its distribution 
networks located in the municipalities where those companies already distributed electricity to at least 20% 
of the consumers. 
Regulated activities are remunerated through the network tariff component, which is set directly by the 
ARERA at the same level for all operators on the national territory. At the end of 2019, with Resolutions 
568/2019/R/eel and 566/2019/R/eel, ARERA updated the new tariff and quality regulation for transmission, 
distribution and metering services for the second regulatory sub-period 2020-2023. The tariff mechanism is 
substantially confirmed: capital expenditures, depreciation and operating costs for providing transmission, 
distribution and metering services are covered by tariffs set up by ARERA at the beginning of each regulatory 
period and updated on a yearly basis with an inflation and an efficiency parameter for operating costs and 
with actual balance sheet value for capital expenditures.  
In 2015, with Resolution 583/2015/R/com, it was established an overall reform of the “return on invested 
capital” (WACC), pursued to avoid the extreme rates’ volatility experienced during the last years of financial 
turbolences: with this reform ARERA has established a floor to the Risk Free Rate (one of the main 
component of the WACC formula), considered the minimum reasonable return for infrastructure 
investments, and has defined a “Country Risk Premium” to isolate the higher return requested by investors 
to finance companies in high-risk countries (like Italy). In late 2018 ARERA approved the three-year period 
2019-2021 return on capital (5,9% real, pre-tax) confirming the stability of the rules introduced in 2015 
(639/2018/R/com). In 2021, with Resolution 614/2021/R/com, another overall reform of the WACC 
occurred, applicable to the current regulatory period 2022-2027: ARERA, in order to adjust return on capital 
to renewed financial market, has removed floor to the Risk Free Rate, has reduced cost of debt and included 
Forward Premium in the calculation of the nominal Risk-Free Rate and in the Country Risk Premium. The 
reform leads to value 5,2% (real, pre-tax) for the 2022; the WACC future update is triggered only if the 
changes in the exogenous variables embedded in the formula result in a variation of the WACC above a 
certain threshold (50 bps). For 2023, Resolution 654/2022/R/com confirmed the same return on capital of 
2022. 
Renewable energy 
With particular reference to the promotion of electricity generated by renewable sources, in Italy the first 
incentive mechanism promoting electricity production through non-conventional sources was introduced, in 
1992, by means of the so called CIP-6 Regulation, issued by the Interministerial Price Committee, an Italian 
governmental committee. The Bersani Decree introduced the incentive regime based on the so-called- green 
certificate mechanism, applying to all renewable plants, except solar plants (for which specific incentive 
regime is provided, see below).  
Pursuant to the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 28/2011, implementing Directive 2009/28/EC3, the 
incentive regime based on Green Certificates is being phased out in favour of an incentive scheme based on 
 
3 
The Directive 2009/28/EC is aimed at achieving a 20% share of energy from renewable resources in the EU's final consumption of energy 
in 2020.  In light of this objective, for the first time, Member States are assigned mandatory individual targets for the share of renewable 
energy sources in final energy consumption (for Italy such target is 17%). The legislative framework has been later updated by Directive 
2018/2001 to deliver more ambitious targets in 2030, which are currently set at 32% at European level and 30% for Italy (see NECP). 
However, it is expected that such targets will be further increased according to Fit for 55 Package and REPowerEU.

--- Page 166 ---
164 
feed-in tariffs/premiums and competitive processes for the awarding of incentives to renewable energy 
plants.  
Photovoltaic solar plants benefit from an incentive regime different from the one applicable to plants fuelled 
by other renewable energy sources. In particular, this incentive regime is based on a feed-in premium tariff 
paid on top of the price of the electricity generated by photovoltaic solar plants (“Conto Energia”). Conto 
Energia has been regulated in the past years by several ministerial decrees. The Fifth Conto Energia issued 
on 5 July 2012 has ceased to be applicable since 6 July 2013, as a consequence of the reaching of the 
cumulative annual approximate cost of the incentives of 6.7 billion Euro, communicated by the ARERA with 
Resolution 250/2013/R/EFR. 
As far as the hydroelectric sector is concerned, the current method of promotion of electricity production 
from hydroelectric plants is determined by Ministerial Decree 6 July 2012 regarding the methods of 
electricity incentive produced by plants fed by renewable sources other than solar energy, having power not 
lower than 1 kW. The incentives apply to newly built plants and plants that are fully reconstructed, re-
activated, upgraded/repowered or renovated and that commence operations after 1 January 2013. 
Ministerial Decree 23 June 2016 has also introduced incentives on renewable electricity produced by non-
photovoltaics solar plants with a capacity of at least 1 kW.  
On 10 August 2019 entered into force the Ministry of Economic Development's Decree of 4 July 2019 (“MD 
FER1”) in order to introduce a first reform of renewable energy incentives regulation. MD FER 1 aims to 
support the following technologies for the next three years: solar photovoltaic as long as the plant is newly 
built and is not a beneficiary from other incentives for plants with ground-mounted modules on agricultural 
land; onshore wind; hydroelectric as long as the plant is compliant with specific environmental criteria 
assessed by the National System for Environmental Protection; sewage treatment gases. The MD FER1 is 
expected to increase the total renewables capacity up to 8,000 MW, increasing the production by around 12 
billion kWh.  
According to MD FER1 access to incentives shall be exclusively through auction and registration  
procedures depending on specific threshold for the plant size (up to 1 MW or more). The final ranking of 
qualified plants is provided by GSE following pre-determined priority criteria. The main incentive 
mechanism is based on a “contract for difference” tariff calculated as the difference between the Tariff 
Applicable (for each kind of technology considered) and the power’s hourly price per zone. This means that 
producers will be paid the difference (if positive) between the tariff applicable and the hourly price for 
electricity per zone. Otherwise when the difference is negative, the producer shall be required to return the 
surplus to GSE. This subsidy model defines a fixed minimum remuneration per MWh of electricity, 
determined by a tender procedure, for a defined period (basically 20 years).  
Finally, MD FER 1 introduces another option for small scale plants (up to 250 kW) based on a Feed in Tariff 
(FIT) mechanism equivalent to the Tariff Applicable which also covers the electric power purchased by GSE.  
About other renewables is important to underline that the MEES is drafting another Decree (“MD FER2”) 
in order to support more innovative technologies such as: offshore wind, geothermal, ocean energy, solar 
thermodynamic, biogas and biomass power. The final draft is expected by the first quarter of 2023 , and after 
publication it will be sent to EU Commission for the State Aid assessment procedure. 
On 8th November 2021, two important Legislative Decrees have been approved and entered into force in 
December 2021. Legislative Decree 199/2021 implements EU Directive 2018/2001 on the promotion and 
use of energy from renewable energy sources (“RED II”). It sets rules for new subsidy schemes, to promote 
the production of electricity from renewables, the production of thermal energy and biomethane, and to 
establish a harmonised frame to guarantee a cumulation with financial sources provided by the Italian NRRP. 
Moreover, it includes guidelines to accelerate authorisation procedures and adopts a discipline for renewable 
energy communities and self-consumption. Meanwhile, Legislative Decree 210/2021 adopts Energy Market

--- Page 167 ---
165 
Directive and includes the discipline of another sort of community, introducing into national legislation the 
citizen energy communities.  
Import 
The volume of electricity that can be imported into Italy is limited by: 
• 
the capacity of transmission lines that connect the Italian grid with those of other countries and by 
concerns relating to the security of the system (currently, a maximum import capacity of 
approximately 10,800 MW is available to import energy safely); and 
• 
the threshold established by the Bersani Decree with reference to electricity that can be imported by 
a single company (no more than 50% of the total electricity imported). 
The rules for the allocation of interconnection capacity have changed in 2015 when the Price Coupling of 
Regions (“PCR”) was introduced.  Pursuant to agreements between Terna and neighbouring transmission 
system operators (“TSOs”), interconnection capacity rights for each border are jointly allocated by explicit 
auction (on a yearly and monthly basis) and by implicit auction (on a daily basis, with the exception of 
Switzerland and Greece).  PCR is used to calculate energy allocation, net positions and electricity prices 
across Europe, maximising the overall welfare and increasing the transparency of the computation of prices 
and power flows resulting in net positions. 
The provisions on exemption from the third-party access obligations for companies investing in new 
connection infrastructures provided for by Law Decree No. 239 of 29 August 2003 (converted into Law No. 
290 of 27 October 2003) have been amended by Article 39 of Legislative Decree 93/2011, as briefly 
described above. Afterwards, the MED has issued the Decree dated 16 January 2015 providing for criteria 
and conditions applying to electricity imports during 2015.Subsequently, Regulation (EU) 2019/943, 
adopted by Law Decree No. 210 of 8 November 2021, laid down rules to ensure the functioning of the 
internal energy market through an effective competition and fair price signals  
Capacity mechanism 
In accordance with Legislative Decree No. 379 of 19 December 2003 the availability of electricity capacity 
must be regulated by a compensation mechanism aimed at assuring adequacy of the system to cover the 
demand with the necessary reserve margins. This capacity payment shall ensure transparency and shall not 
cause distortion in the market, while reducing the total costs for consumers. As a consequence of a complex 
process involving TSO, ARERA and the MED, on 30 June 2014 the MED approved the ministerial draft 
decree that establishes the discipline for the provisional system of payments to remunerate producers that 
make generation capacity available to the electricity system at times of peak demand, known as capacity 
market (“Capacity Market”).  
Such draft decree was approved by the European Commission with the Decision c 617 in 2018 and it is 
consistent with the package of measures aimed at reducing energy bills in favour of small and medium 
companies. The measure - which is subject of a long discussion between market participants, Italian and 
European authorities - aims at increasing the competitiveness of the market, at ensuring the safety of the 
electrical system at minimal cost, and at integrating renewable sources. The draft decree also provides that 
the new mechanism is essential to ensure a reduction of costs of the system charged on consumers. Some 
adjustment have been made by Capacity Market Ministerial Decree (28 June 2019) in order to incorporate 
some indications of the European Commission about CO2 emission limits. The mechanism took effect in 
November 2019, when Terna held the auctions for the year 2022 and 2023. 
Sale 
Electricity is traded in two main markets, which are the wholesale and the retail markets. The Power 
Exchange is a marketplace for the spot trading of electricity by producers and consumers under the 
management of the Gestore dei Mercati Energetici (“GME”); it began operations on 1 April 2004. Producers

--- Page 168 ---
166 
can sell their electricity on the Power Exchange at the system marginal price defined by hourly auctions. 
Otherwise they can choose to enter into bilateral contracts, whereby the price is agreed with the other 
counterparty. Recently the market was enhanced through the commencement of operations of new forward-
markets: (i) the forward physical market, (the MTE), which is managed by GME acting as central 
counterparty; and (ii) the derivatives financial market, (the IDEX), which is managed by Borsa Italiana. 
As far as the retail market is concerned, on 18 June 2007, the Government adopted Legislative Decree No. 
73 of 18 June 2007 (subsequently converted into law through Law No. 125 of 3 August 2007, which came 
into force on 15 August 2007) in the run up to the opening of the free electricity market to all clients (which 
took place on 1 July 2007). The measure establishes: 
• 
the obligation for corporate separation between distribution and sales activities for distribution 
companies having more than 100,000 clients; 
• 
provisions to ensure non-discriminatory access to metering data; 
• 
provisions to ensure the supply of electricity by suitable sales companies, or distribution companies 
with less than 100,000 customers connected to their network, to Universal Service clients. For these 
clients (residential clients and small business clients that have not opted for the free market), 
electricity supply is ensured by Acquirente Unico S.p.A. (the “Single Buyer” - i.e. the largest 
wholesaler in the market). The standard conditions and reference prices for the service are determined 
by the ARERA; and 
• 
a “Servizio di Salvaguardia” supplier, selected by tender, for clients not eligible for Universal Service.   
The Law n. 124 of 4 August 2017, laying down the Annual Law for the Market and Competition has 
introduced various rules relating to energy markets, the most important of which determine the removal of 
the transitional regulation of the prices in the electricity sector (Universal Service) starting from 1 July 2019. 
This deadline was later postponed to 1 July 2020, and further, following the approval of Law 8 of 28 February 
2020, postponed as follows: 
a)  
to 1 January 2021 for the small enterprises. From this date, therefore, there is no price protection 
available for business with low voltage connection with fewer than 50 employees and an annual 
turnover of up to ten million euro in the electricity sector. For those who was without an electricity 
supplier at the time of the Universal Service, a safeguarded service has been introduced, regulated by 
ARERA with gradual overcoming of price protection, named “Servizio a tutele graduali”; 
b)  
not earlier than 1 April 2023 (as further postponed following the approval of Law 21 of 26 February 
2021 and ARERA’s Resolution 586/2022/R/eel) for micro-enterprises and not earlier than 10 January 
2024 (as further postponed following the approval of Law 233 of 29 December 2021) for domestic 
consumers, also taking into account the directive (EU) 2019/944. From these dates, therefore, there 
will be no price protection available for business with low voltage connection ever than 10 employees 
and an annual turnover or balance sheet below €2 million and for domestic consumers. In this event, 
the overcoming of price protection through the introduction of a new safeguarded service (“Servizio a 
Tutele Graduali”) will be introduced. 
The mentioned Law n. 124 of 4 August 2017 also introduced a series of measures to support further 
development on the retail markets. In particular, the ARERA created a web portal for the collection and 
publication of offers on the retail market, managed by the Single Buyer. Finally, as established by the same 
Law, ARERA has a task of submitting a report on the monitoring of retail market to the Ministry of economic 
Development.

--- Page 169 ---
167 
Natural gas regulation in Italy  
Italian regulations enacted in May 2000 (Legislative Decree No. 164 of 23 May 2000, the “Letta Decree”) 
implementing EU directives on gas sector liberalisation (1998/30/EC) introduced competition into the Italian 
natural gas market through the liberalisation of the import, export, transport, dispatching, and sale of gas. 
The liberalisation process was successively strengthened by Directive 2003/55/EC and by Directive 
2009/73/EC on natural gas internal market, comprised in the Third Energy Package as implemented in Italy 
by Legislative Decree 93/2011. 
Pursuant to the Letta Decree, no single operator was allowed to import gas (for the purpose of selling such 
gas, directly or through subsidiaries, holding companies or companies controlled by the same holding 
company) in a quantity exceeding a specified percentage of the total domestic gas consumption, set at 75% 
in 2002 and decreasing by two percentage points each year thereafter, to 61% in 2010. At the same time, 
until that date, no single operator is allowed to hold a market share higher than 50% of domestic sales to 
final clients, directly or through subsidiaries, holding companies or companies controlled by the same 
holding company. Legislative Decree No. 130 of 23 April 2010 set new antitrust caps that prevent any single 
operator from introducing into Italy gas in a quantity exceeding 40% of domestic gas consumption. This cap 
may be lifted to 60% if the relevant operator invests in new storage capacity equal to at least 4 billion cubic 
metres.  
Law No. 99/2009 foresees the constitution of a market exchange for the supply and sale of natural gas, 
managed by GME. GME organises and manages the natural gas market (the “MGAS”). In the MGAS, 
parties authorised to carry out transactions at the "Punto Virtuale di Scambio" may make spot purchases and 
sales of natural gas quantities. In the MGAS, GME plays the role of central counterparty of the transactions 
concluded by market participants. The MGAS consists of a Day-Ahead Gas Market (MGP-GAS), an Intra-
Day Gas Market (MI-GAS) and a Forward Gas Market (MT-GAS).  
Transportation and dispatch  
According to the Letta Decree, transporting and dispatching gas is considered an activity of public interest. 
Companies involved in these activities must guarantee access on a non-discriminatory basis to users who 
request it, provided that the connection works required are technically and economically feasible. Companies 
that carry out transport and dispatch activities govern the flow of gas and the auxiliary services needed for 
the system to function, including modulation. These companies are also responsible for the strategic storage 
of gas under MED directives 4 and they must ensure compliance with any other obligations aimed at 
guaranteeing the safety, reliability, efficiency and lowest cost of the service and of supplies. From 1 January 
2002, only operators that have no other activities in the gas production process, except for storage activities, 
may transport and dispatch gas. Even so, all such storage and transportation activities must be accounted for 
separately. Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. owns and operates approximately 93% of the Italian gas transport network. 
Storage  
Pursuant to the Letta Decree, as modified by Law Decree No. 179/2012, storage activities are conducted 
under concessions, granted by the MED, which have terms of 30 years and may be extended for one further 
ten-year period. Operators are required to provide storage services to third parties by public auctions. 
Allowed revenues for storage companies are granted through integration from Cassa per i Servizi Energetici 
e Ambientali (CSEA). ARERA regulates the storage tariff system establishing the criteria for the 
determination of tariffs for each regulatory period.  
Distribution  
The Letta Decree established that distribution activities must be exercised only by operators having won 
tenders for gas distribution concessions for periods not exceeding 12 years. Licensees of distribution 
 
4 
Legislative Decree No. 93/2011 abolished the ratio imports/strategic storage = 10%.

--- Page 170 ---
168 
networks are obliged to grant access to any third party that so requests on the basis of tariffs set by the 
ARERA and in compliance with its network code. The ARERA, in July 2004, adopted Resolution No. 
138/2004 (as subsequently amended by many ARERA resolutions), which sets the criteria for access to 
distribution services and for the drafting of the network codes by distribution operators, introducing special 
measures for the operations of interconnection points between transportation and distribution networks. 
The operation of the gas distribution service is regulated by a concession agreement which provides, inter 
alia, the rules for the operation of the service by the concessionaire, the obligations and rights of the 
concessionaires on the assets, the quality service targets, the economic terms and conditions, consequences 
in case of defaults, conditions for the termination of the concession, etc. Nevertheless, outgoing operators 
are still required to continue providing the service, within the limits of the ordinary administration, until the 
date of the new assignments. 
Prior to the implementation of the reform of the gas distribution sector started with the Letta Decree, all gas 
distribution concessions were awarded by Municipal Authorities. Subsequently Article 46 bis of Law Decree 
159/2007 introduced the principle that gas distribution services must be rendered within wider geographical 
areas and no longer at a municipal level. 
A first decree (Ministerial Decree dated 19 January 2011) setting out the criteria for establishing the territorial 
jurisdictions was published on 31 March 2011 and a second decree (Ministerial Decree dated 18 October 
2011) defining the composition of the so-called Ambiti Territoriali Minimi (“ATEMs”) was published on 28 
October 2011.  
On 12 November 2011, the MED adopted decree No. 226/2011 (subsequently updated by Ministerial Decree 
No. 106/2015), regulating the new tender procedure for the awarding of the distribution concessions within 
the ATEMs (“Tenders Decree”). According to Article 12 of the Tenders Decree, the selection is made by the 
evaluation of the combination of three parameters (economic conditions, security and quality criteria and 
network development plans). A specific score is assigned to each of the aforementioned parameters by a 
commission of five independent members, on the basis of the sub-criteria and specifications established in 
the call for bids.  
The terms originally expected to begin and carry out the tenders, however, were subjected to numerous 
deferrals.  
At the expiration of the old concessions, the plants should have been transferred to the Municipalities upon 
the payment of an indemnity in favour to the outgoing concessionaire. Such indemnity may be paid by the 
new concessionaire or by the Municipalities themselves. 
In several cases, there are disputes (pending before Administrative and Ordinary Courts) between the parties 
regarding the quantification of the indemnity and the related assessment is assigned to an arbitrator panel. 
Regarding the investments held by the previous concessionaire on the plants transferred to the new 
concessionaire, based on Article 24, Paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree 93/2011, the new concessionaire is 
required to step in to the existing guarantees and financing obligations or, alternatively, to discharge them by 
paying to the previous concessionaire an amount equal to the repayment value (the “Repayment Value”) of 
the plants transferred.  
The Repayment Value is due to the previous concessionaire at the expiration of the concession and is equal, 
for the first round of tenders, to the residual industrial value, therefore to the value of reconstruction to new 
of the consistency of the plants at the time of their transfer, reduced by depreciation, including construction 
in progress, net of public and private contributions, as required by the Guidelines approved by the Ministerial 
Decree 22 May 2014.

--- Page 171 ---
169 
As far as the tenders, to date only eight ATEMs were awarded (Milan 1, Turin 1, Turin 2, Aosta, Belluno, 
Naples 1, Udine 2 and La Spezia). Moreover, new concessions have already been launched only for Turin1, 
Turin 2, Aosta, Naples 1 and Milan 1. 
As regards regulation acts, costs for providing distribution and metering services are covered by tariffs whose 
rules are set by the ARERA at the beginning of each tariff reference period (so called “Regulatory Period”) 
and updated on a yearly basis by applying defined mechanisms. Regulatory Periods usually have a duration 
of 6 years. Pursuant to Resolution No. 570/2019/R/gas (so called “RTDG 2020-25”), ARERA has defined 
the methodology for determining the distribution tariffs for the fifth regulatory period 2020-2025, which was 
recently refreshed by Resolution No. 737/2022/R/gas for the second semi-period 2023-2025. Pursuant to 
Article 43 of the RTDG the national territory is divided into seven tariff areas each one having its own “tariffa 
obbligatoria”, while for each operator ARERA approves the “tariffa di riferimento”, determined in order to 
cover its own efficient costs, according specific regulation rules. Starting from 2016, the return on capital is 
defined by the new regulation adopted with Resolution No. 583/2015/R/com (so-called TIWACC). In 2021, 
with Resolution 614/2021/R/com, another overall reform of the WACC occurred: ARERA, in order to adjust 
return on capital to renewed financial market, revised to value 5,6% (real, pre-tax) for the 2022; as electric 
service, the WACC future update is only triggered if the changes in the exogenous variables embedded in 
the formula result in a variation of the WACC above a certain threshold (50 bps). For 2023, Resolution 
654/2022/R/com confirmed the same return on capital of 2022. 
Sale  
Sale of gas to end-users requires authorisation from the MED, which can only be refused on objective and 
non-discriminatory grounds. Starting from 1 January 2012, companies authorised to sell gas are included the 
specific list managed and published by the MED pursuant to Article 17 of Legislative Decree 164/2000. 
From 1 January 2002, only companies that are not engaged in any other activity in the natural gas sector, 
other than as importers, drillers or wholesalers, may sell gas. Law No. 99/2009 provides for the constitution 
of a market exchange for the supply and sale of natural gas and for the Electricity Market Operator, in 
compliance with the principles of transparency, competition and non-discrimination, to be designated as 
manager of the natural gas exchange market. Law No. 99/2009 also establishes 'Last-Resort Service' 
provisions for residential clients. In this regard, the Single Buyer would be responsible for ensuring annual 
supplies up to 200,000 cubic metres to final residential clients. 
Until 31 December 2002, only certain large consumers – gas eligible clients – were able to freely choose 
their suppliers of natural gas. During the same period, clients, mainly residential, who did not qualify as gas 
eligible clients, were obliged to purchase gas from distributors operating in their local area at a tariff set by 
the ARERA. Since 2003, all clients have been able to freely choose their suppliers of natural gas. 
Law No. 99/2009 and the MED Decree dated 3 September 2009 transfer responsibility for selecting suppliers 
of last resort to the Single Buyer. Every year, the ARERA established the procedure for selecting suppliers 
of last resort for natural gas. 
Law n. 124 of 4 August 2017 has introduced also in the gas natural sector the removal of the transitional 
regulation of the prices starting from 1 July 2019. This deadline was later postponed several times and at last 
postponed to 10 January 2024, following the approval of Law 6 of 13 January 2023. 
Furthermore, ARERA updated the regulations for completing the public procedures for selecting last resort 
gas service (FUI and Default) suppliers, effective as of 1 October 2018 (Resolution 407/2018/R/gas). 
Biomethane  
The Inter-Ministry Decree “Promotion of the use of biomethane and other advanced biofuels in the transport 
sector”, approved on 2 March 2018, introduced incentive mechanisms that call for those producing 
biomethane injected into the natural gas network and used for transport within Italy to be given a number of

--- Page 172 ---
170 
biofuel consumption injection certificates (“CIC”), which value is of an amount equal to Euro 375.00 each. 
These incentives are applied to biomethane produced by plants that become functional within 31 December 
2022, for up to 10 years as of the incentive’s effective date and which have requested a qualification to the 
GSE. The CIC incentive mechanism operates as follows: the GSE publishes an estimate of the maximum 
annual amount to be withdrawn on the current year, expressed in CIC. 
On the basis of such estimate the GSE elaborates a provisional ranking of the qualified plants in operation 
that require for the CIC withdrawal. The ranking position of the plants depends on the date of their entry into 
operation and on the number of CICS due to each plant, until the 90% of the estimate of the maximum 
amount to withdraw per year is reached. When the latter amount is reached the remaining plants are excluded 
from the provisional ranking. The producers of such plants are, however, entitled to the release of CICs by 
autonomously placing them on market at a negotiated price. 
The aforementioned eligible plants excluded from the provisional ranking, may be eventually included in 
the following’s year final ranking. The final ranking is drafted following the recalculation of the previous 
year’s maximum annual amount to withdraw, on the basis of the amount of fossil fuels actually released 
during the year at reference by the ranked plants. Whether the maximum withdrawn amount has not been 
reached, the GSE provides for the withdrawal of further CICS for the plants previously excluded from the 
provisional ranking and which producers did not autonomously place the CICS on the market at a negotiated 
price, until the quantity indicated in the aforementioned final ranking is reached. 
The decree also provides for existing biogas plants to be converted and produce biomethane, however, at 
one condition: that only 70% of the electricity produced continues to benefit from the current incentives. 
This condition, verified for 3 years, permits the conversion of 30% of the biogas to biomethane with the 
relevant incentive in CIC.  
The Ecological Transition Ministry (MITE) Decree to promote biomethane production, approved on 15 
September 2022, presents elements of discontinuity with the past by introducing auction mechanism based 
on contracts for difference. Support mechanisms are provided for new or converted installations in cases of 
agricultural plants and strictly new installations in cases of biomethane production plants by OFMSW. 
Access to the proposed incentives is provided for the plans starting operations by 2026. The incentives 
consist of a capital contribution, 40% of the investment cost, and incentive price at 15 years. The expected 
incentive price of default is based on contracts for difference having GSE as counterparty, the selected 
projects normally receive the strike price. Plants connected to a network with access obligations and smaller 
than 250 mc/h may opt for the all-inclusive tariff, equal to that accepted in the tender including the economic 
value resulting from the sale of the natural gas and guarantees of origin (GO), with a view to simplification.  
District heating service regulation in Italy  
Legislative Decree No. 102/2014, implementing the EU Directive 2012/27/UE, has attributed the regulatory 
power for heating/cooling service to the national ARERA. 
Within this contest, the ARERA also exercises control, inspection and sanctioning functions as provided for 
by the law establishing its jurisdiction, and exercises sanctioning powers.  
As regards district heating regulations, with Resolution 24/2018/R/tlr, ARERA approved the 
“Comprehensive text for regulating criteria in defining fees for new connections and procedures for users to 
exercise the right of withdrawal for the regulatory period 2018-2020” (TUAR), which defines the criteria 
and procedures for establishing new connections to the network and exercising the right to deactivate supply 
and disconnect, for the period between 1 January 2018 and 31 December 2020. With Resolution 
463/2021/R/tlr, ARERA approved the regulation applicable to the period between 1 January 2022 and 31 
December 2025. 
With Resolution 661/2018/R/tlr, ARERA furthermore approved the Comprehensive text for regulating the 
commercial quality of district heating service (RQCT), effective from 1 July 2019 to 31 December 2021.

--- Page 173 ---
171 
Similarly, on other regulated sectors, mandatory general performance standards and other compulsory 
specific standards were introduced. Obligations require the operators to record the various phases along 
which a commercial quality request is processed and later implemented, as well as requirements calling for 
periodic reporting to ARERA. With Resolution 526/2021/R/tlr, ARERA approved the regulation applicable 
to the period between 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2025.   
With Resolution 548/2019/R/tlr, ARERA also approved the Comprehensive text for regulating the technical 
quality of district heating service (RQTT), effective from 1 January 202 1 to 31 December 2023. Obligations 
require the operators to record the various phases along which a technical quality request is processed and 
later implemented, as well as requirements calling for periodic reporting to ARERA. 
With resolution 478/2020/R/tlr, ARERA also approved the Comprehensive text for regulating the metering 
of district heating service (TIMT), effective from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. 
Energy efficiency regulation in Italy  
In Italy, the regulatory framework on energy efficiency is in force as from 2005 and was originally regulated 
by two Ministerial Decrees enacted in July 2004. Under energy efficiency regulation, electricity and gas 
distribution system operators (DSO) with more than 50.000 customers are required to achieve end-use energy 
efficiency targets, with reductions in primary energy consumption. Major updates to the regulatory 
framework came in 2012 when most responsibilities were shifted from ARERA to GSE, and in 2017 when 
the Ministry for Economic Development Decree extended targets and obligations through 2021, defining 
new criteria for eligible energy efficiency projects and introduced a cap price to the Tariff Contribution (the 
amount paid to DSOs as refund for participating the incentive system). More recently (May 2021) a new 
decree was issued by the Ministry of the Ecological Transition, increasing the number of eligible projects 
and establishing national targets and obligations for the period 2021-2024. Adjustment measures on targets 
and obligations have been introduced in case of relevant differences between expected and effective volumes 
of white certificates generated in the system. Also, a new incentive mechanism for energy efficiency based 
on auctions was expected to be regulated by the end of 2021, but it has not been issued yet.  
The above-mentioned Ministerial Decrees provided that distributors who are required to achieve energy 
saving must deliver GSE a quantity of the so-called “energy efficiency certificates” (“TEE”) or “white 
certificates” equal to their energy saving obligation. The energy efficiency certificates, of a unit value of 1 
TOE, are issued by GSE in favour of the distribution system operators, their subsidiaries and also in favour 
of ESCOs, energy service companies certified to the UNI EN 11352 standard. Since 2017, also companies 
who nominate a EGE (Expert in Energy Management) certified to the UNI 11339 standard or having their 
Energy Management System certified to the ISO 50001 standard can access the white certificate scheme. 
Eligible projects include measures aimed at reducing the quantity of primary energy required to meet the 
customers' energy demand or to reduce energy consumption. If one DSO cannot originate enough TEE for 
its obligation, it may purchase the remaining energy efficiency certificates on the market. Also, DSOs can 
delay for no longer than two years the delivery of TEE, up to 40% of their obligation. 
Considering TEE market shortage since 2017, in 2018 the MED enabled DSOs to ask GSE for so called 
“virtual TEE”, only if they collected at least 30% of their minimum obligation achievement. This allowance 
was confirmed by the May 2021 decree, and the minimum obligation achievement necessary to access to the 
virtual TEE has been diminished up to 20%. 
The methods for assessing the energy saving achieved by the individual measures implemented are now 
included in the guidelines issued by the MED in 2017 and in May 2019 (Operator’s guide prepared by GSE). 
Updated operational guidelines was issued in May 2022, containing important clarifications on eligible 
projects and about methodology to be followed in the incentive request submission. 
It should be also noted that on 5 September 2011, the MED issued a decree providing for a special incentive 
regime for Combined Heat and Power (“CHP”). Such incentives (granted for a 10-year period or for a 15-

--- Page 174 ---
172 
year period if CHP comes with district heating) cannot be aggregated with regular energy efficiency 
certificates (as defined by the MED Decrees mentioned above). Such Decree was partially amended by the 
Decree dated 8 August 2012, which modified the definition of “reconstruction” provided therein, but was 
not modified afterwards and is still fully in force.  
Energy Efficiency Directive No. 2012/27/EU was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 102/2014 
and amended in 2020 by Legislative Decree No. 73/2020 in accordance with Italian National Climate and 
Energy Plan, it expects the “white certificate” scheme to have a key role in achieving 2030 national energy 
saving target. 
Through the Legislative Decree No. 102/14, it has also been introduced the energy audit obligation (art. 8 
EED No.2012/27/EU) for non-SMEs, to be fulfilled every 4 years. This obligation is not occurring for those 
non-SMEs that have implemented and environmental or energy management system, certified by an 
independent body according to European or International standards. The energy audit obligation is expected 
to be reinforced in the new revision of the Energy Efficiency Directive (expected for the first half of 2023), 
through the introduction of new criteria for obliged subjects identification and higher requirements for the 
obligation fulfillment.  
Finally, according to art. 7 of the Legislative Decree No.102/14, enterprises included in the energy audit 
obligation or enterprises having implemented an energy management system certified ISO 50001, must 
communicate annually (by the end of March) the energy savings generated, compared to the previous period. 
These savings have to be calculated in normalised conditions and coherently with indication provided by 
ENEA. 
ETS regulation  
With specific reference to emissions trading and, particularly, in relation to greenhouse gases emissions 
(“GHG emissions”), both the European Union and Italy are committed through the National Determined 
Contributions (“NDCs”) under the Paris Agreement, outlining their post-2020 climate actions, to the 
reduction of GHG emissions, also in the context of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
Change (“UNFCCC”).  
The European Union Emissions Trading System (“EU ETS”) has constituted the key climate policy 
instrument in the EU. Building upon the principle of cap and trade, it limits the GHG emissions in major 
emitting sectors such as power generation, refineries, and energy-intensive industry, covering around 40% 
of the EU’s total greenhouse gas emissions and operating in all EU countries plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, 
and Norway (EEA-EFTA states).  
A cap is set on the total amount of certain greenhouse gases that can be emitted by the installations covered 
by the system. The cap is reduced over time so that total emissions fall. Within the cap, installations buy or 
receive emissions allowances (so-called EU allowances, “EUAs”), which they can trade with one another as 
needed. The limit on the total number of allowances available ensures that they have a value. After each year, 
an installation must surrender enough allowances to cover fully its emissions, otherwise heavy fines are 
imposed. If an installation reduces its emissions, it can keep the spare allowances to cover its future needs 
or else sell them to another installation that is short of allowances. Trading brings flexibility that ensures 
emissions are cut where it costs least to do so. A robust carbon price also promotes investment in innovative, 
low-carbon technologies. 
A revision of the EU ETS was adopted in 2018, applying to the phase IV of the regulation starting in 2021 
and ending in 2030, which introduces several changes to ensure that the system will remain “fit for purpose” 
regarding the climate goals. Among the amended rules, a new methodology to allocate free EUAs to the 
installations, that will be greatly reduced and more accurately determined. This new methodology allows the 
system to keep up the incentive to reduce emissions when comparing abatement costs and the market price

--- Page 175 ---
173 
for EUAs, when not exempted from the costs through the free allocation. The revised EU ETS Directive was 
transposed in the Italian legislation through Legislative Decree n. 47 of June 9, 2020. 
Later, the European Commission presented its plan to reduce EU greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55% 
by 2030, compared to 1990 levels: an increase from the previous 40% reduction target. This level of ambition 
for the next years will put the EU on a balanced pathway to reaching climate neutrality by 2050. The new 
target was adopted in the framework of the European Climate Law.  
On 14 July 2021, the Commission released the “Fit for 55” package, aiming to revise the entire EU 2030 
climate and energy framework: more specifically, a proposed Directive to amend the EU ETS Directive 
(Directive 2003/87/EC), the Market Stability Reserve (“MSR”) Decision (Decision (EU) 2015/1814) and 
the Monitoring, Reporting and Verification (“MRV”) Regulation (Regulation 2015/757).  
Following the legislative proposals, on 18 December 2022 the European Parliament and the European 
Council reached a provisional agreement to strengthen the EU ETS, applying emissions trading to new 
sectors for effective economy-wide climate action, and establishing a Social Climate Fund to ensure a fair 
transition to the new rules. 
Emissions from the EU ETS sectors will be reduced by 62% by 2030, compared to 2005 levels. This 
represents a substantial increase of 19 percentage points compared to the 43% reduction under the existing 
legislation. The speed of annual emission reductions will also increase, from 2.2% per year under the current 
system to 4.3% from 2024 to 2027 and 4.4% from 2028. The Market Stability Reserve, which stabilises the 
carbon market by removing surplus allowances, will be strengthened. The agreement will gradually phase 
out free emission allowances to certain enterprises and phase in the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism 
(“CBAM”, a system that prices imported goods based on their embedded emissions) between 2026 and 2034 
for the sectors covered. 
The deal also includes shipping emissions in the EU ETS, making the EU the first jurisdiction to put an 
explicit carbon price on emissions from the maritime sector. To support Member States in their efforts to 
reduce emissions from buildings and road transport, and certain industrial sectors, a new separate emissions 
trading system will also start from 2027 for relevant fuel use. This upstream system will regulate fuel 
suppliers rather than households and drivers. 
Moreover, EU countries will have to measure, report, and verify emissions from municipal waste incineration 
installations from 2024. By 31 January 2026, the Commission shall present a report with the aim of including 
such installations in the EU ETS from 2028 with a possible opt-out until 2030 at the latest. 
Regulation applicable to the supply of public services in Italy  
The supply of local public services in Italy has been regulated through several provisions. Almost all such 
provisions have been repealed after a referendum held on 12 and 13 June 2011.  
As of today (following the referendum, the re-introduction of provisions analogous to those repealed by the 
Referendum and the consequent repeal of such new provisions by the Constitutional Court with judgement 
No. 199/2012) public services shall be awarded according to European Law principles. Therefore, local 
authorities can arrange public services through: (i) third parties selected by public procurement procedures 
and (ii) by direct or in-house provision, whenever the market is unable to meet the needs of the community 
and make use of entities fully controlled by the local authority and exclusively engaged in the relevant 
activity. More precisely, according to European Union law, there are three accepted forms of public services 
awards (which, in fact, are almost the same as originally provided for in Decree No. 267/2000): 
(a) 
public tender for the selection of public service providers; 
(b) direct granting of public services to a public private partnership (PPP), a cooperative venture between 
public authorities and private enterprise, where private partner is chosen by a public tender procedure;

--- Page 176 ---
174 
(c) 
the so called in house providing, which is direct granting of public services to fully-public companies 
on the following conditions: (i) companies are 100% controlled by the awarding public entities, which shall 
exercise a control of similar content to that exercised over their own departments (i.e. “controllo analogo”); 
and (ii) companies shall provide their main activity in favour of the awarding public entities (i.e. “attività 
prevalente”). 
Competitors allowed to enter into such procurement procedures and entitled to become public services 
managers, are: 
(1) 
private operators, who may be selected to operate the service through a public tender procedure 
aimed at entrusting the whole public service; in this case, private operators take the form of joint-
stock companies and are incorporated under Italian law; 
(2) 
private operators, who can also be in charge of the management of the service by purchasing shares 
in a public company and becoming a private partner of the latter. Even in this case, the alienation of 
the shares will take place through public tenders (whereas the service will be granted directly to the 
public/private enterprise set up once the private partner has been chosen through a public tender); in 
this regard, private operators in the procurement procedure must demonstrate their economic and 
financial standing, their suitability to pursue the professional activity in question and their technical 
and/or professional ability; actually, the percentage share of the company to be granted through public 
tender is established at discretion of the Public Administration. Nevertheless, and although the Italian 
legislation on mixed public/private enterprise has been repealed, it is believed that the private partner 
should still have operational, as well as economic capacity in light of EU legislation; 
(3) 
public companies, wholly owned by public entities can be granted public services through the in- 
house providing. This procedure excludes private operators and competitors. 
On 20 October 2012 entered into force Law Decree No. 179/2012 which, however, does not apply to (i) gas 
distribution; (ii) distribution of electricity and (iii) municipal pharmacies, but includes, by way of example, 
water and waste services. However, the terms of effectiveness of the competitiveness measures contained in 
the Legislative Decree No. 179/2012 have been postponed until 31 December 2016, by means of the Law 
Decree No. 210/2015, converted into Law No. 21/2016.  
On August 2015, the Law 124/2015 “Delegations to the Government concerning the reorganization of public 
administrations”, better known as the so-called Madia Reform was approved. The provision contains 14 
important legislative delegations: public employment, reorganization of central and peripheral state 
administration, digitalization of the Public Administration, simplification of administrative procedures, 
rationalization and control of investee companies, anti-corruption and transparency. One must note the 
implementing decree of 19 August 2016, n. 175 (Testo Unico in materia di società a partecipazione 
pubblica), that resulted from the changes made by the corrective decree 16th June 2017, n.100; in 
summarizing the numerous provisions in force on the subject up to now in an sole Act, it redesigns the 
discipline to reducing and rationalizing the public private partnership and the in-house providing, having 
also regard to an efficient management of the participations themselves and to the containment of public 
expenditure. 
The Competition Law for 2021, approved in August 2022, has appointed the Government to reform the 
discipline of Local Public Services. On 30th December 2022 the Legislative Decree was published on the 
Italian Official Gazette. It revises entrusting procedures and management modalities, stating a reinforced 
justification as a requirement to entrust public-services management to “in-house” companies.

--- Page 177 ---
175 
Integrated water service regulation in Italy  
Water service governance 
With specific reference to the integrated water service, the Environmental Code provides for the following 
principles for the regulation of the management of the integrated water service system in Italy: 
(f) 
water services are provided by means of a sole integrated system for the management of the entire 
cycle of water resources (“Integrated Water Service” or “IWS”), including the abstraction, 
transportation and distribution of water for non-industrial purposes, sewerage, wastewater treatment 
and purification of drinking water; 
(g) 
the identification by the Italian Regions and within each of them, of Optimal Territorial District 
(“ATOs”), within which IWS is to be managed. The boundaries of ATOs were defined on the basis 
of consistency with hydrological conditions and logistical considerations, the goal of achieving 
industry consolidation and the potential for economies of scale and operational efficiencies; 
(h) 
the institution of a water district authority for each ATO (Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale), 
now repealed by Law No. 191 of 26 March 2009 (Article 2, paragraph 186 bis) and replaced by Local 
Water Authorities, to be identified by means of Regional Law, responsible for organizing integrated 
water services, by means of an integrated water district plan (Piano d'Ambito) which, inter alia, sets 
out an investments policy and the management plan referred to the relevant district, identifying and 
overseeing an operator for IWS (“Water District Operator”), determining the tariffs for IWS and 
monitoring and supervising the service and the activities carried out by the selected operator, in order 
to ensure the correct application of the tariffs and the achievement of the objectives and quality levels 
set out in the district plan. 
The organisation of integrated water service relies on a clear distinction in the division of tasks among the 
various governing bodies: 
• 
the State and Regional Authorities carry out general planning activities and define guidelines. In 
particular, environmental quality (i.e. quality of water, aquatic ecosystems, degradation of 
productive land, etc.) is monitored by the Ministry of Environment. 
• 
Local Water Authorities supervise, organise and control the IWS but these activities are managed 
and operated on a day-to-day basis by (public or private) IWS operators. 
• 
Finally, Article 21 of the Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (converted into Law No. 214 of 
22 December 2011) has assigned several functions for the regulation and the control on the supply 
of IWS to the AEEGSI, The Italian Regulatory Authority for Electricity Gas and Water , now called 
Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (ARERA), in particular 
concerning the implementation of a new national tariff method, of the minimum quality standards 
and the rules for the operators-clients relationship. 
Concerning the selection of IWS operator, pursuant to the Environmental Code, the award of the 
management of the IWS is made in favour of the Water District Operator selected for each ATO by Local 
Water Authority. In particular, according to European legislation Local Water Authorities can arrange IWS 
through three principal procedure: (i) third parties selected by public procurement procedures (ii) by direct 
or in-house provision, whenever the market is unable to meet the needs of the community and make use of 
entities fully controlled by the local authority and mainly engaged in the relevant activity (iii) by public-
private partnership where private partner is selected by a procurement procedure. Pursuant to Law No. 221 
of 17 December 2012, Local water Authority have to publish a Report on the chosen procedure for the award 
of the service within which European conditions subsistence must be stated. 
The contractual relationship between the Local Water Authorities and the Water District Operator is regulated 
by ad hoc agreements (convenzioni di gestione) which shall, in particular, provide for:

--- Page 178 ---
176 
• 
the legal regime chosen for the management of the service; 
• 
the term of the contract, which must not exceed 30 years;  
• 
the obligation for the operator to return the assets assigned to it at the end of the contractual term;  
• 
the standards, in terms of quality of the service and financial performance, that the operator is required 
to guarantee, as well as the criteria to be applied to monitor such performance; 
• 
the applicable penalties and the causes of termination pursuant to the Italian Civil Code;  
• 
the criteria and the methods for the application of tariffs determined by the Local Water Authority;  
• 
the obligation to execute an appropriate financial guarantee. 
The Local Water Authority is responsible for preparing the draft agreement on the basis of a “sample 
agreement” adopted by the regional governments. 
Water service regulation  
The tariff is calculated to ensure a full cost recovery. On this main fundamental European principle ARERA 
established a new water tariff methodology on December 2013 (Resolution 643/2013/R/idr) by ensuring a 
more stable legal environment and increasing investments. This first new tariff method applied for the 1st 
regulatory period (2012-2015) consisted in setting a revenues limit with respect to the sum of 5 components 
defined by ARERA: 
• 
Capital expenditures cost (the methodology covers costs of investment through ex-post regulation, 
referring only to costs of investment that were actually realized); 
• 
Operating costs; 
• 
Environmental and resource costs; 
• 
Additional component for supporting specific investment needs; 
• 
Component to balance the revenues limit for the operator from previous years. 
The competent local authority had the task to select one between the four “regulatory schemes” allowed by 
the ARERA in the tariff method and asked for ARERA’s approval.  
On 1st January 2016 entered into force the second regulatory period water tariff method (Resolution 
664/2015/R/idr) applied to the period 2016-2019. With this Resolution ARERA intends to continue the 
started development path of the sector through a stable and certain regulation, raising the service standards 
and the social and environmental sustainability of supply while respecting cost-effectiveness, efficiency and 
economic and financial balance in management. To ensure continuity, the “Water Tariff Method -2” was 
based on an asymmetric regulation able to adapt to the different needs of a sector which is highly 
differentiated at local level and in the governance. The tariff regulation applicable in the second regulatory 
period is therefore attributable to an array of regulatory frameworks (compared to the previous tariff method, 
there is a wider range of different types of tariff schemes, 6 as compared to previous 4) within which each 
jurisdiction subject will identify the most effective solution to suit their needs. 
Finally, with Resolution 580/2019/R/IDR of 27th December 2019, ARERA approved the current Third 
Water Tariff Method (MTI-3) for the regulatory period 2020-2023, maintaining stability and certainty, and 
evolving regulation in line with the rules introduced in 2012. The four-year duration of the regulatory period 
has been confirmed, with an update being provided every two years, as well as the possibility for an 
anticipated review, if so requested by the Local Water Authority, certifying the extraordinary nature of events 
that may affect the economic-financial balance of management activities. The new method combines 
elements that remain unchanged with respect to the previous period and innovative aspects. The new method

--- Page 179 ---
177 
indeed confirms the structure of a guaranteed revenue and an upper limit on annual increases in tariffs, 
differentiated according to the specific characteristics of each Water Manager (so-called “asymmetrical” 
regulation). From the point of view of the cost of capital, a gradual decrease is foreseen in remuneration for 
a few specific ongoing works (with the exception of those defined as strategic). The rate covering financial 
and fiscal charges is equal to 5.24% for the period 2020-2021, but with the Resolution 639/2021/R/Idr this 
rate was set at 4,80%. From the point of view of the operating costs, for the first time the method introduces 
a new efficient control system, to pursuing the efficiency of operating costs and management. Note 
furthermore the introduction of significant incentives going towards interventions intended to promote 
energy efficiency and environmental sustainability, for example promoting the recovery of materials and 
energy from sludge treatment. For the costs linked to arrearage, the unpaid amount of sales volumes recorded 
in a given year is expected to be recognised (“unpaid ratio” at 24 months). The abovementioned Resolution 
639/2021 establishes the criteria for the biennial update (2022-2023) of the water tariff arrangements and the 
provisions are substantially in line with those already defined in Resolution 580/2019/R/idr. Some points of 
this resolution are noteworthy, for example: the Opmis component is aimed at implementing measures to 
improve users awareness of their consumption, as well as to encourage limitation procedures in the event of 
arrears and selective disconnection; as regards electricity, the resolution introduces the possibility of 
exploiting an additional forecast component aimed at getting at least a partial advance warning of the effects 
of rising electricity costs; the additional costs due to the Covid-19 epidemiological emergency. Furthermore, 
with the Resolution 229/2022/R/IDR ARERA introduces extraordinary financial and economic measure in 
relation to the cost of electricity recognised in the tariff, to face a challenging period of electricity price 
volatility.  
With reference to the quality of the services, as of 2020 the bonuses and penalties involved in promoting 
technical service quality will be quantified, as will, as of 2022, bonuses and penalties for contract quality, 
established by the new national mechanism described in resolution 547/2019. This resolution modified the 
resolution 655/2015/R/idr which ARERA had introduced minimal contractual quality standards, which are 
homogeneous throughout the national territory. The new technical quality regulation had already been 
adopted with Resolution 917/2017/R/idr asked operators and local authorities to review the investment plans 
to pursue new challenging annual objectives. In the field of technical quality, during the April 2022 ARERA 
assigns fort the firt time rewards and penalties to operators for the results achieved and consolidated in 2018 
and 2019. The ranking was published by ARERA in Resolution 183/2022/R/idr, which concludes the first 
two-year period of application of the incentive mechanism.  
During the pandemic crisis, with Resolution 235/2020/R/idr ARERA has taken several regulatory measures 
to support companies as well as the economic interest of regulated water operators. These interventions have 
tried to reconcile the immediate protection of the interests most directly affected by the pandemic crisis with 
the long-term objectives of regulated sectors. 
Furthermore, at the end of 2019, ARERA started to authorize the disbursement of funds for some water 
supply interventions included in the National Water Sector Interventions Plan. This Plan was introduced in 
the 2018 Budget Law to improve national water infrastructures.  
In 2021 Resolution 609/2021/R/IDR introduced important amendments to the metering regulation 
(Resolution 218/2016/R/Idr), and in particular in the metering procedures and new standard aimed to 
improve smart metering. 
Finally,. with the goal of reducing arrearage, Resolution of 16 July 2019 311/2019/R/idr was aimed at 
unifying water managers’ debt collection processes nationwide. It regulates procedures and timing for the 
formal notice and the suspension or limitation of the supply for end users, however protecting vulnerable 
users. On 1st January 2018 a new organization of water service charges structure for users came into effect

--- Page 180 ---
178 
for all local areas, based on criteria that are uniform nationwide and defined by ARERA Resolution 
665/2017/R/idr.  
Furthermore, as regards resident household customers undergoing economic and social hardship, resolution 
897/17/R/idr introduce a new water social tariff (national water “bonus”) that came into force in 2018, whose 
conditions for access are similar to those provided for social energy tariff (gas and electricity “bonus”). 
Furthermore, some Local Water Authority introduced an additional social water “bonus”, financed by an 
extra local tariff component. The Resolution 897/2017 was revised by the Resolution 63/2021/R/com in 
which ARERA regulates the automatic recognition of social electric, gas and water bonuses for economic 
hardship, pursuant to Decree-Law no. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted with amendments by Law no. 157 
of 19 December 2019: the application procedures for the new system were defined, replacing the previous 
“on demand” regulations and the relative information flows. 
Another important aspect in economic regulation of water sector is represented by the obligation to unbundle 
accounts. The unbundling regulation aims to identify in greater detail the costs of the individual services that 
form the integrated water service, in order to obtain a better definition of a “cost reflective” tariff. In the end, 
one must note the Resolution 656/2015/R/idr for a uniform regulation of the standard agreement, to regulate 
relations between the awarding bodies and operators. 
Integrated waste cycle regulation in Italy 
Governance and regulatory framework 
The rules regarding municipal waste management are provided by the Environmental Code (Legislative 
Decree 152/2006) and are based on the following key principles: 
• 
wastes are classified according to their origin (as municipal/urban waste and its assimilated or special 
waste) and their dangerousness (hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste); recently, Legislative 
Decree 116/20 (implementing Directive 2018/851 / EU and Directive 2018/852 / EU) has introduced, 
among other things, changes to the regulation of urban waste and its assimilated; in particular, the 
qualification of "urban" that is no longer attributed by virtue of an assimilation governed by the 
Municipalities, but deriving from characteristics of the waste, and more precisely from their nature 
and composition and from the activity of origin; moreover, it has been established that non-domestic 
users can deliver their urban waste outside the public service after demonstrating that it has been sent 
for recovery by means of a certificate issued by the person carrying out the waste recovery activity; 
• 
each region has to be divided into ATOs and a Local Waste Authority will be established for each 
ATO (Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale). Such Authority is responsible for organising, 
awarding and supervising integrated urban waste management services (collection, transport, 
recycling and disposal of municipal waste); 
• 
the Local Waste Authority shall draft a district plan, in accordance with the criteria set out by the 
relevant regional government;  
• 
the municipalities' responsibilities relating to integrated waste management will be transferred to the 
Local Waste Authorities (nevertheless, pursuant to Articles 198 and 204 of the Environmental Code, 
pending the establishment of the ATO and the awarding of the new tenders by the Local Waste 
Authorities, municipalities will retain the power to manage urban waste management service); 
• 
the order of priority of the procedures through which waste can be managed are the following: (i) 
preparation for reuse; (ii) recycling; (iii) recovery, including energy generation; and (iv) disposal; and 
• 
simplifying administrative procedures by means the introduction of a single authorisation for the 
construction and operation of waste storage, treatment, landfill and incineration plants as well as 
general waste management.

--- Page 181 ---
179 
According to article 202 of the Environmental Code, municipal waste management services consist of 
collection, transport and recycling of municipal waste, and may even include the disposal activity. The 
inclusion of the disposal activities in the municipal waste management services is conditional upon the 
decision of the Local Waste Authority to include in the municipal waste management service also the 
construction and operation of the relevant disposal plants. Should the disposal plants not be in the ownership 
of the Public Entities, the owner shall ensure to the concessionaire of the municipal waste management 
services the access to the disposal plant. 
Under the Environmental Code, companies producing waste are responsible and chargeable for waste 
storing, transportation, recycling and disposal.  
Also, with respect to waste management, from August 2011, according to the rules set forth by Legislative 
Decree No. 121/2011, some crimes concerning waste disposal have been introduced within Decree 231. 
Italian Law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 allocated the ARERA’s regulatory and control functions over the 
waste cycle, including sorted, municipal and related waste. Also in this field, the responsibilities attributed 
are performed with the same powers and within scope of the principles, purposes and assignments provided 
for by Italian Law No. 481/1995. 
The first resolution 1/2018/A, provided for the implementation of all the functional activities required for 
the initial operations under these new responsibilities, in terms of managed changes, of a preliminary survey 
of the factual state of the sector and the segmentation of the individual waste cycle activities. 
ARERA, in October 2019, carried on his mandate with resolution 443/2019/ R/rif that approved the first 
Waste Tariff Method (MTR) for the period 2018- 2021, in compliance with the multi-level institutional 
structure that characterizes the waste sector and in respect of asymmetry, in consideration of the specific 
elements of the different territorial contexts. 
The regulatory tariff act of the Authority is to be considered as the first step towards the definition of a 
regulation on tariff revenues and the resulting articulation of the tariffs applied to users of the service, and 
incorporates some first elements of transparency and efficiency. This first tariff act regulated operators active 
in waste collection and operators active in both waste collection and treatment and disposal services, but 
excludes operators active in only treatment and disposal services, for which ARERA defined a specific 
regulatory act.  
Precisely, in August 2021, with resolution 363/2021/R/rif, ARERA defined the criteria for recognizing 
efficient operating and investment costs for the period 2022-2025, adopting the Waste Tariff Method (MTR-
2). This act updates the resolution 443/2019/R/rif and introduces a national criteria for the determination of 
tariffs of the treatment plants. 
Tariff method regulates revenues on the basis of  cost data certain and verifiable from financial statements, 
although the annual dynamics for their definition are subject to a growth limit. With regards to operators 
active in both waste collection and treatment and disposal service the limit is determined on the basis of the 
inflation rate and an efficiency factor, as well as on the basis of improvements in the quality of the service 
and/or the extent of the management perimeter. With regard to operators active in only treatment and disposal 
services, this limit is equal to planned inflation and is enhanced by a factor that can be uplifted by up to 4% 
and which takes into account the technological and environmental characteristics of the plant. The limit to 
the growth of the tariff factor does not include the application of an efficiency recovery. The tariff trend is 
differentiated according to the origin of the waste treated from areas close to or from areas not close to the 
plant, to the benefit of the communities in areas adjacent to the plant (even with the complete discharge of 
the tariff increases on the communities falling in areas not adjacent to the plant). 
In accordance to the community hierarchy of waste treatment, the tariff method provides environmental 
contributions (positive or negative) destined for collection companies, based on the type of plant of

--- Page 182 ---
180 
destination of the waste conferred, in order to stimulate the quality of collection and development of material 
and energy recovery systems. In particular, the system provides: 
1)  
incentives in favor of those who consign to composting / anaerobic digestion plants, introducing an 
environmental component to partially offset the fees due; 
2)  
limited incentives in favor of those who confer to incineration plants with energy recovery, 
introducing an environmental component to partially offset the fees due; 
3)  
disincentives for those who deliver to landfills or incineration plants without energy recovery, by 
introducing an environmental component as an increase in the fees due; 
4)  
incentives or disincentives for those who confer to mechanical and/ or biological treatment 
(TM/TMB) according to the destination plants of the waste streams leaving the TM/TMB. 
To complete the mechanism, ARERA defined a national equalization system which ensures the coverage of 
efficient costs for the management of the plants and neutralizes the effect of tariff increases / reductions 
given by the incentive system.  
The types of plants subject to the national tariff regulation of Arera are defined by the Regions as part of the 
sectoral planning, under the rules defined by Arera that provide: 
1)  
the exclusion of recycling plants of the so-called fraction dry, intended for material recovery (glass, 
paper, plastic, metal, wood, etc.) 
2)  
the inclusion of all integrated managers (managers who internalize both collection and processing 
assets in a single legal company, already falling under MTR1) 
3)  
the inclusion, if they fall within the concept of "minimum cycle closing systems", of the following 
plants: 
• 
composting and anaerobic digestion plants 
• 
incineration plants with energy recovery (R1) 
• 
incineration plants without energy recovery and landfills (D1) 
4)  
As regards the intermediate treatment plants (TM and TMB), the Authority is aimed at defining a 
tariff regulation that takes into account the outgoing flows from them and, therefore, according to 
whether these flows are directed towards recycling chains , incineration plants with energy recovery, 
landfills or incineration plants without energy recovery; 
The principles underlying the identification of the “minimum” cycle closure plants subject to the national 
regulation, are identified with the treatment plants that offer capacity in a market with structural rigidity, 
characterised by a strong and stable excess of demand and by a limited number of operators. 
In addition to the provisions of the previous paragraph, they satisfy the following alternative conditions: 
• 
have already been identified, by competent subjects, in the planning stage, at closing the waste 
management cycle; or 
• 
have a committed capacity for flows guaranteed by programming tools or other administrative acts. 
If they do not fall within these cases, the plants will not be subject to tariff regulation (and, therefore, left to 
the free action of the market) and will be subject to transparency obligations on the access conditions (so-
called "additional cycle closing plants"). 
With regards to return for capital expenditure, ARERA indicated the parameters to calculate the allowed 
return, in a dedicated document, the Resolution 363/2021/R/rif. At this respect, ARERA chosen, for the

--- Page 183 ---
181 
activities that follow a WACC based remuneration, a different level of riskiness. In particular, the WACC 
2023-2026 of collection service and integrated management service has been set at 5.6% and for waste 
treatment has been 6.0%. Until then they remain fixed at 5.6% and 6.0% The WACC of treatment and 
disposal service, for the same years 2023-2026 was, instead, set at 6.0%. Although, in fact, the parameters 
underlying the calculation of the WACC are homogeneous between the two services, some specific 
parameters express a differentiated level of riskiness, greater for the treatment and disposal service. 
Particular attention is reserved to circular economy target (and related infrastructural adaptation), pursued 
through the sharing, between managers and users, of economic benefits deriving from the improvement of 
materials and energy obtainable from recovery operations, the extent of which is selectable by the competent 
bodies within a range defined by ARERA. Tariffs are validated by the local competent bodies and finally 
approved by ARERA. These approval processes are currently in progress.. 
With regards to quality, art. 1, paragraph 527, of Law no. 205/2017 attributes to ARERA regulatory and 
control functions in the quality of the integrated urban and similar waste management service, in order to 
"guarantee accessibility, homogeneous usability and diffusion all over the country, as well as adequate levels 
of quality in conditions of efficiency and cost-effectiveness of management, harmonizing the economic-
financial objectives with the general ones social, environmental and appropriate use of resources (…)”.  
In compliance with these functions, ARERA, in October 2019, with the resolution 444/2019 /R/rif, 
approved the Integrated Text on transparency in the waste management service (TITR), containing the 
first provisions on transparency of the municipal and similar waste management service for the period of 
regulation 1 April 2020 - 31 December 2023. In particular, ARERA considered a priority to protect users 
by defining the minimum information relating to the integrated management service of urban and similar 
waste and individual services that compose it: collection and transport and street sweeping and washing . 
Particular attention is given to information content of the bills and other individual communication tools on 
the characteristics of the service, according to criteria of clarity and simplification, in order to promote user 
awareness and promote their behavior virtuous. 
ARERA has successively  focused its regulation on technical and commercial quality of service: in 
particular,, with the resolution 15/2022/R/rif introduced a system of uniform rules for consumer caring and 
management, so-called contractual quality and first elements of technical quality relating to the regularity 
and safety of the service, for the period 2022 – 2025. This resolution aims to converge towards homogeneous 
levels of service on a nation scale, by regulating contractual quality (complaints, contact points, bulky 
collection) and first elements of technical quality (continuity and regularity of the service). Further on, 
approximately from the mid-2023, ARERA will complete the regulation of technical quality regulation 
(health and environmental protection of the service, e.g. collection frequency, RD quality) and, probably, 
will introduce performance incentive mechanisms (bonuses / penalties). Resolution 15/2022/R/rif entered 
into force on 1 January 2023, while ARERA postponed the regulation of incentive mechanisms 
(bonuses/penalties referred to the level of quality of services) to the next future, over the 2022-2025 
regulatory period. 
Another area that is expected to be soon reformed and standardized by ARERA is the Service Contract, as 
an instrument for regulating the relationships between the local authority that owns the service and the 
companies that provide the same service. In particular ARERA, with resolution 643/2022/R/rif, opened a 
public consultation on approved the procedure to define a standard Contract layouts that is considered to 
be functional to handle the extreme territorial inhomogeneity and the lack of transparency tools towards 
consumers. The resolution explains the first guidelines to be followed for the definition of the model scheme 
of the Contract of service, postponing further details to a subsequent document for the consultation that will 
be prepared also in the light of the contributions received on the first guidelines.. 
In the next times ARERA is expected to regulate many other items in accordance with his function, as well 
as defining accounting unbundling rules, strengthening costs efficiency and introducing homogeneous levels

--- Page 184 ---
182 
of service - on a national scale - of waste management service (treatment and disposal). With regards to 
quality of treatment and disposal, as well as cost efficiency, ARERA with the recent resolution 
732/2022/R/rif of the last December 22th unified the procedure initiated by resolution 413/2022/R/rif 
relating to the definition of technical and quality standards for the performance of disposal and recovery and 
the procedure referred to resolution 364/2021/R/rif aimed at determining the efficient costs of separate 
collection, transport, and other preliminary operations. 
Site Remediation 
In Italy the Environmental Code sets out the legal framework on remediation of contaminated sites. The 
regulation envisages three kinds of liabilities burdening the responsible person/entity of a polluting or 
pollution-risk event: (i) civil liability, (ii) obligations towards public authorities and (iii) criminal liability. 
Pursuant to the Environmental Code, the polluter (and also the owner of the site) has the duty to immediately 
notify the competent authorities of a polluting or pollution-risk event and to adopt spontaneously a number 
of measures within the deadlines established by law, in order to prevent further consequences of the 
contamination event. On the other hand, the owner of the site has no direct duties of remediation and clean-
up. 
In the event the polluter does not carry out the clean-up and remediation works, the competent authorities 
can directly take care of the same. However, when such authorities perform directly clean-up and remediation 
works, the same shall identify the polluter and manage to recover by the same the costs borne for the clean-
up. Should the polluter not be identified or being insolvent, the competent authorities shall adopt a resolution 
which has the effect of imposing on the relevant property a so called onere reale: i.e., an obligation propter 
rem which obliges whatever owner of the land to repay the cost borne by the competent authorities to carry 
out the clean-up and remediation works. For this reason, the onere reale is recorded on the cadastral register 
and can be enforced against any party purchasing the land. In order to avoid the imposition of the onere 
reale, the owner of a polluted site might be interested in carrying out directly the relevant works. 
The Environmental Code introduces real threshold concentration values for contamination (CSC). If these 
values are exceeded, it is mandatory to proceed with further investigations, performing a site characterisation 
and a site-specific risk assessment. If the risk assessment reveals the absence of unacceptable risk, the site is 
declared “not contaminated”; however, in such cases, a monitoring programme may be required. 
Environmental Code requires a risk assessment if analytical results, collected during the preliminary 
investigation, exceed the contamination threshold values (CSC). In August 2011, through Legislative Decree 
No. 121/2011, certain crimes connected to the execution of remediation activities have been included in 
Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 (“Decree 231”) 5 . More recently a further crime related to omitted 
remediation of contaminated sites has been added to the criminal code by means of Law No. 68/2015. 
Air pollution 
The “Environmental Code” also provides for a regulatory framework concerning the air emission and the 
relevant measures aimed at reducing the air pollution. The breach of the set of rules provided for the 
Environmental Code and regarding the air pollution reduction may entail administrative and criminal 
sanctions. 
 
5 
Decree 231 provides that a company is responsible for certain offences (not only crimes) committed by its executives, directors, agents 
and/or employees in the interest or to the benefit of that company. The list of offences has been steadily increasing along the years and 
now covers, inter alia, health and safety, environment, computer crimes, etc. To avoid (or reduce) its responsibility, the company may 
adopt a set of rules and procedures aimed at preventing offences. Such set of rules and procedures is commonly referred to in Italy as 
Model 231. The company must take action to implement its Model 231 and supervise compliance with it. The distinctive features of a 
Model 231 are: (i) the identification of the business areas/operations which are considered “at risk” (where an offence could be committed); 
(ii) the adoption of adequate rules to prevent those risks; (iii) the appointment of a corporate body that will supervise compliance, collect 
information (also on the basis of anonymous notifications by employees/agents) and suggest updating ("Compliance Officer"); and (iv) a 
disciplinary system to sanction the breaches ("Disciplinary System").

--- Page 185 ---
183 
In August 2011, certain crimes connected to the exceeding of the air emission limits (set forth by the 
Environmental Code or by the relevant air emission authorisation) have been included in Decree 231. The 
above-mentioned Law No. 68/2015 added the crimes of environmental pollution and environmental disaster 
to punish breaches of the set of rules regarding air pollution.

--- Page 186 ---
184 
TAXATION  
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the purchase, 
the ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such 
holder purchases its Notes in this offering. 
This is a general overview that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of the Notes. It does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that may be relevant to a 
Noteholder if such Noteholder is subject to special circumstances or if such Noteholder is subject to special 
treatment under applicable law. 
This overview also assumes that the Issuer is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is structured 
and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer's 
organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may invalidate this 
overview. This overview also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
Where in this overview, English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to 
be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian 
concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this overview to reflect changes in laws and 
if such a change occurs the information in this overview could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular 
the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest on the Notes 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds  
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended, (“Decree 239”) regulates the income tax treatment 
of interest, premium and other income (including any difference between the redemption amount and the 
issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian resident 
companies listed in an Italian regulated market, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
Pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of the Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (the 
“Italian Tax Code” or the “ITC”), as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Notes qualify as 
“securities similar to bonds” for Italian tax purposes if they incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, 
at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and that do not allow any direct or indirect 
participation either in the management of the issuer or in the business in connection with which they have 
been issued, nor any control on such management. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – 
see “Capital Gain Tax” below), (ii) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of the ITC (with the

--- Page 187 ---
185 
exception of general partnership, a limited partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private 
or public institution or trust, or (iv) an entity exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest 
payments relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitutive tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26% (either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or 
when payment thereof is obtained by the Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes). In the event that the 
Noteholders described under (i) to (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
The imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered by the Noteholder as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”), 
as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 
2020), in Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented (the “Finance Act 2019”), or Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, 
converted into Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented (including 
by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020) (the “Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 
2020”). 
If the Notes are held by an investor engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with the 
same business activity, the Interest is subject to the imposta sostitutiva and is included in the relevant income 
tax return. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva 
may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Pursuant to the Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), fiduciary companies, stock exchange agents and other 
entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, as subsequently amended 
and integrated (the “Intermediaries”). 
An Intermediary, to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, must satisfy the following conditions: 
(i) 
it must be: (a) resident in Italy; or (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of an intermediary resident 
outside of Italy; or (c) an organisation or company non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of 
centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an 
Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and 
(ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of 
the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of the Notes includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes 
or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applicable and withheld by 
any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder. If Interest on the Notes is not 
collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, 
the Italian resident Noteholders listed above under (i) to (iv) will be required to include Interest in their 
annual income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called

--- Page 188 ---
186 
discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito” regime as defined and described in 
“Capital Gains”, below). In such a case, Interest is not subject to imposta sostitutiva but contributes to 
determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio, which is subject to an ad-hoc substitutive tax of 26% 
on the results. 
The imposta sostitutiva also does not apply to the following subjects, to the extent that the Notes and the 
relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an Intermediary: 
(A) 
Corporate investors 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a corporation or a similar commercial entity (including a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected), Interest accrued on 
the Notes must be included in: (I) the relevant Noteholder's yearly taxable income for the purposes of 
corporate income tax (“IRES”), generally applying at the current ordinary rate of 24%; and (II) in certain 
circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also in its net value of production for the purposes 
of regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”), generally applying at the rate of 3.9% (certain categories 
of taxpayers, including banks, financial entities and insurance companies, are subject to higher IRAP rates). 
The IRAP rate can be increased by regional laws up to 0.92%. Said Interest is therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation according to the ordinary rules; 
(B) 
Investment funds 
Interest paid to Italian investment funds (including a Fondo Comune d'Investimento, a SICAV, a SICAF, 
other than a Real Estate SICAF, as defined below, collectively, the “Funds”) are subject neither to the 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Funds. Proceeds paid by the Funds to 
their unitholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax; 
(C) 
Pension funds 
Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set forth by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 
2005, the “Pension Funds”) are subject to a 20% substitutive tax on their annual net accrued result. Interest 
on the Notes is included in the calculation of such annual net accrued result. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 
(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 
of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020), in Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented, or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020 as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020; 
and  
(D) 
Real estate investment funds 
Interest payments in respect of the Notes to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant 
to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Real Estate Investment Funds”) and 
to Italian resident “società di investimento a capitale fisso” (“SICAFs”) are generally subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the same Real Estate Investment Funds. 
Unitholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax on distributions from the Real Estate Investments 
Funds. Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (converted with amendments by Law No. 106 of 12 July 2011) 
has introduced certain changes to the tax treatment of the unitholders of Real Estate Investment Funds,

--- Page 189 ---
187 
including a direct imputation system (tax transparency) for certain non-qualifying unitholders (e.g. Italian 
resident individuals) holding more than 5% of the units of the fund. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
An exemption from imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Notes is provided with respect to certain beneficial 
owners resident outside of Italy, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. In particular, pursuant to the Decree 239 the aforesaid exemption applies to any 
beneficial owner of an Interest payment relating to the Notes who: (i) is resident, for tax purposes, in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or (ii) is an 
international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in the Republic of Italy; or (iii) is the Central Bank or an entity also authorised to manage the official reserves 
of a country; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy, even if it does not possess the status of 
taxpayer in its own country of establishment (each, a “Qualified Noteholder”). 
The countries which allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy are listed in the Ministerial 
Decree dated September 4, 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of March 23, 2017 and possibly further 
amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative 
Decree No.147 of September 14, 2015) (the “White List Country”). 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White List 
Country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(a) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial 
institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the 
Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); 
and 
(b) 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, 
acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via 
electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second Level Bank”). Organisations and 
companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities 
and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(which include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they 
appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy 
of a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 
of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998) for the purposes of the application of Decree 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level Bank, the 
latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy is conditional 
upon: 
(a) 
the status of effective beneficial owners of payments on Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
the timely deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a 
Second Level Bank; and 
(c) 
the timely submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a statement of the relevant 
Noteholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares that it is eligible to 
benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement must comply with the 
requirements set forth by a Ministerial Decree dated 12 December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or 
revoked and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document for 
the same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same depository. The above

--- Page 190 ---
188 
statement is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international bodies or entities set 
up in accordance with international agreements entered into force in the Republic of Italy or Central 
Banks or entities also authorised to manage the official reserves of a State. 
Additional requirements are provided for "institutional investors". 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally to 10%) or eliminated 
under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of the 
required documentation. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are neither deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the category of shares (azioni) or 
securities similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) are subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 
26%. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Pension Funds, Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any 
income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020), Article 1 (211-215) of 
the Finance Act 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented, or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree 
linked to the Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of 
Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020). 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding the 
Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial partnership, 
(iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a Real Estate Investment 
Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, (ii) commercial partnership, (iii) an Italian resident corporation or a similar Italian 
commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected), (iv) an Italian resident commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax 
is an advance withholding tax. 
In case of non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, the above-mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally to 10%) or 
eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely 
filing of the required documentation. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11 (2) of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of a single 
series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date 
of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the

--- Page 191 ---
189 
original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of 
years of the duration of the Notes. 
Capital Gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”), as amended, a 26% 
capital gains tax (the “CGT”) is applicable to capital gains realised on any sale or transfer of the Notes for 
consideration by Italian resident individuals (not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected), regardless of whether the Notes are held outside of Italy.  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid up to 
the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and the sale 
price, respectively. 
With regard to the CGT application, taxpayers may opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(a) 
“Tax declaration” regime (Regime della Dichiarazione) 
The Noteholder must assess the overall capital gains realised in a certain fiscal year, net of any incurred 
capital losses, in his annual income tax return and pay the CGT so assessed together with the income tax due 
for the same fiscal year. Losses exceeding gains can be carried forward into following fiscal years up to the 
fourth following fiscal year. Since this regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the taxpayer must apply it to 
the extent that the same does not opt for any of the two other regimes; 
(b) 
“Non-discretionary investment portfolio” regime (Risparmio Amministrato) 
The Noteholder may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer of the 
Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, 
SIMs or other authorised intermediaries and (ii) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime 
being made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the entire fiscal year 
and unless revoked prior to the end of such year will be deemed valid also for the subsequent one. The 
intermediary is responsible for accounting for the CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or 
transfer of the Notes, as well as in respect of capital gains realised at the revocation of its mandate. Where a 
particular sale or transfer of the Notes results in a net loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss 
from gains subsequently realised on assets held by the Noteholder with the same intermediary and within 
the same deposit relationship, in the same fiscal year or in the following fiscal years up to the fourth following 
fiscal year. The Noteholder is not required to declare the gains in his annual income tax return; and 
(c) 
“Discretionary investment portfolio” regime (Risparmio Gestito) 
If the Notes are part of a portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains are not 
subject to the CGT, but contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio. Such annual 
net accrued result of the portfolio, even if not realised, is subject to an ad-hoc 26% substitutive tax, which 
the asset management company is required to levy on behalf of the Noteholder. Any losses of the investment 
portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward against net profits accrued in each of the following 
fiscal years, up to the fourth following fiscal year. Under such regime the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the gains in his annual income tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, 
including the CGT, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included 
in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017 as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article

--- Page 192 ---
190 
136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020), Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented, or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020). 
According to Article 1 (221-226) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, under some conditions, capital 
losses realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets specific requirements, give rise to a tax credit equal to the 
capital losses, provided that such tax credit does not exceed the 20% of the amount invested in the long-term 
saving accounts (piano di risparmio a lungo termine). 
The CGT does not apply to the following subjects: 
(A) 
Corporate investors 
Capital gains realised on the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities (including a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) form part of their aggregate income 
subject to IRES. In certain cases, capital gains may also to be included in the taxable net value of production 
of such entities for IRAP purposes. The capital gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price 
and the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal 
instalments over up to five fiscal years. 
(B) 
Funds 
Capital gains realised by the Funds on the Notes are subject neither to CGT nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of the Funds (see Italian Resident Noteholders, above). 
(C) 
Pension Funds 
Capital gains realised by Pension Funds on the Notes contribute to determine their annual net accrued result, 
which is subject to a 20% substitutive tax (see Italian Resident Noteholders, above). Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale 
or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020), Article 1 (211-215) of the 
Finance Act 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented, or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked 
to the Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law 
Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020). 
(D) 
Real Estate Investment Funds 
Capital gains realised by Real Estate Investment Funds and by SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 9 
of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply on the Notes are not taxable at the level of same Real 
Estate Investment Funds (see Italian Resident Noteholders, above). 
Non Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-resident Noteholders (not having permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected) on the disposal of the Notes are not subject to tax in Italy, regardless of 
whether the Notes are held in Italy, subject to the condition that the Notes are listed in a regulated market in 
Italy or abroad (e.g. the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
Should the Notes not be listed in a regulated market as indicated above, the aforesaid capital gains would be 
subject to tax in Italy, if the Notes are held by the non-resident Noteholder therein. Pursuant to Article 5 of

--- Page 193 ---
191 
Decree 461, an exemption, however, would apply with respect to beneficial owners of the Notes, which are 
Qualified Noteholders. 
In any event, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected that may benefit from a tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon sale or transfer of Notes are taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be 
subject to tax in Italy on any capital gains realised upon any such sale or transfer. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply on the overall net value of the relevant transferred assets, at the following 
rates, depending on the relationship between the testate (or donor) and the beneficiary (or donee): 
(a) 
4% if the beneficiary (or donee) is the spouse or a direct ascendant or descendant (such rate only 
applying on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, €1 million); 
(b) 
6% if the beneficiary (or donee) is a brother or sister (such rate only applying on the net asset value 
exceeding, for each person, €100,000); 
(c) 
6% if the beneficiary (or donee) is a relative within the fourth degree or a direct relative-in-law as 
well an indirect relative-in-law within the third degree; 
(d) 
8% if the beneficiary is a person, other than those mentioned under (a), (b) and (c), above. 
In case the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its 
portion of the net asset value exceeding €1.5 million. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 
2017 as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 
May 2020), Article 1 (211-2015) of the Finance Act 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented or 
Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020) are exempt from inheritance 
and gift tax. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13, paragraph 2 ter of Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of October 26, 1972, 
as amended from time to time, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodical 
reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any 
Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies, on a yearly basis, 
at a rate of 0.2%; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure 
is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty cannot exceed 
€14,000, for taxpayers other than individuals. 
The proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent by Italian financial intermediaries to 
subjects not qualifying as clients, as defined by Provision of the Governor of Bank of Italy 20 June 2012. 
Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent to Pension Funds. 
Periodical communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least once a year, even though the 
intermediary is not required to send communication. In this case, the stamp duty is to be applied on 31 
December of each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with the client.

--- Page 194 ---
192 
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Law Decree of 22 December 2011 n. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-
profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnership in accordance with Article 5 
of ITC) holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at a rate of 0.2%.  
Pursuant to the provision of Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers different from individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value of 
the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is available – on the nominal value or 
on the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to 
an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are 
managed by Italian resident intermediaries. In this case, the stamp duty described in the previous paragraph 
(Stamp duty) does not apply. 
Registration tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be subject to a 
fixed registration tax (Euro 200); (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) should be subject to 
registration tax only in “case of use” or voluntary registration at a fixed amount (Euro 200). 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended, 
individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in 
accordance with Article 5 of ITC), resident in Italy for tax purposes who, at the end of the fiscal year, hold 
investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid 
and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax 
return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax 
return). 
The requirement also applies where the persons abovementioned, being not the direct holders of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owners of the instruments. 
Furthermore, the abovementioned reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to Notes 
deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, with respect to 
contracts entered into through their intervention, on the condition that the items of income derived from the 
Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Notes, proposed U.S. Treasury regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would

--- Page 195 ---
193 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of 
final regulations. Moreover, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions 
– Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to payments on 
the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the FATCA withholding. 
EUROPEAN DIRECTIVE ON ADMINISTRATIVE COOPERATION  
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has implemented the EU 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/UE, 2015/2376/UE, 2016/881/UE; 2016/2258/UE 
and 2018/822/UE), on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the “DAC”).  
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism between 
Member State, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion. The new regime under DAC 
is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014.  
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) implemented 
the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) within the EU. Under CRS, 
participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts identified 
by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence, and reporting procedures. The Italian 
government implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree 
issued by the Ministry of Finance on 28 December 2015, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Following the Ministerial Decree quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member 
States information about interest and other categories of financial income of Italian source, including income 
from the Notes. Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive 
2011/16/EU, including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance pricing arrangements, 
through the issue of the Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and by the Council Directive 
2016/2258/EU as regards access to anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, through the issue 
of the Legislative Decree 18 May 2018, no. 60. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border arrangements. Under 
DAC 6 intermediaries which meet certain criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax 
Authorities certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, 
performed from 25 June 2018 onwards. Italy enacted DAC 6 into its domestic law with Legislative Decree 
No. 100 dated 30 July 2020. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the application 
of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation.

--- Page 196 ---
194 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 12 April 2023 agreed with the Issuer 
the basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final 
Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution the relevant lead manager, of 
all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and

--- Page 197 ---
195 
b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and 
(b)  
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 198 ---
196 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any Italian 
securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy except: 
(a) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 35, paragraph 1, letter (d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (the 
“Regulation No. 20307”), pursuant to Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), implementing Article 100 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Italian Consolidated Financial Act”), all as amended from 
time to time; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, Article 34-ter 
of the Issuers Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Consolidated Financial Act , Legislative Decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Consolidated Banking Law”), Regulation No. 
20307, and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent 
authority (including, without limitation, Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Law and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
197 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 5 October 2011. The increase to Euro 3.5 billion and the update of the Programme was authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 11 November 2020. The update and increase to 
Euro 4.5 billion of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 21 March 2023. 
The issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised prior to each relevant issue of Notes by the 
competent bodies of the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of the Issuer’s 
By-Laws. Each issuance resolution (delibera di emissione) shall be passed in notarial form and registered in 
the competent Companies’ Register (Registro delle Imprese). 
Listing of Notes, Approval and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation by the Central Bank in its capacity as the competent authority in the Republic of Ireland for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Application has been made to the Central Bank of to provide the competent authority in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg with a certificate of such approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and to be listed on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets (including stock exchanges in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or in other Member States within the EEA) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes issued in the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus shall 
be 
outstanding, 
copies 
of 
the 
following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
at 
https://eng.gruppohera.it/group_eng/investor-relations/debt-and-rating/bond-issuances. 
 
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of HERA in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (with an English translation thereof), in each case together 
with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. HERA currently prepares audited accounts 
on an annual basis; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and

--- Page 200 ---
198 
(d) 
any future supplements and Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, each Final Terms relating to Notes which 
are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and each document incorporated by 
reference are available on the Euronext Dublin’s website at https://live.euronext.com/. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if applicable, FISN and CFI codes. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material adverse change or significant change 
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of the Issuer – Recent developments” above and in paragraph 
“Significant events occurred after the reporting period” on page 60 to 61 of the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of HERA in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Hera and there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Hera 
or the Hera Group. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings” above, neither the Issuer 
nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is www.gruppohera.it. The information on www.gruppohera.it does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Hera Group website has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 201 ---
199 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the 
European Union, for the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and on 31 December 2021. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of auditing firms (Registro dei 
Revisori Legali) held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 
January 2010. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing 
firms and it is registered at the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) in the United States. 
The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
In view of the end of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.’s appointment, the Board of Statutory Auditors of Hera 
deemed it appropriate to begin the procedure for selecting the new auditing firm for the 2024-2032 financial 
years in advance. For further information in this respect, see “Description of the Issuer – Corporate 
governance – Independent Auditors”. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For 
the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this paragraph the term ‘affiliates’ includes also parent companies. 
Yield 
The yield for any series of Fixed Rate Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.

--- Page 202 ---
200 
ISSUER 
HERA S.p.A. 
Viale Carlo Berti Pichat, 2/4 
40127 Bologna 
Italy 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
England 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Legance Avvocati Associati 
Via Broletto 20 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Studio Legale Associato in association with Linklaters LLP 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats Unis 
CS 70052 92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland