--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS   
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
Province of British Columbia 
Euro Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this Euro Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”), the Province of British Columbia (the “Issuer”) may from time to time 
issue debt instruments (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser (as defined below). The Notes 
will have such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body 
(however called)) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency and, subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding issued under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) calculated as described herein. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”, 
which expression shall include any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time either for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis). Notes may also be issued to third parties other than Dealers. Dealers and such third parties are referred to as “Purchasers”. 
No Notes (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or the equivalent in another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum denominations as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank or 
monetary authority (or equivalent body, however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
This base prospectus (this “Prospectus”) constitutes a Prospectus within the meaning of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and has been approved by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes).  The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation and by approving this Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage 
in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange to approve this Prospectus as a base prospectus for purposes of Part IV of the Law of 16 July 2019 on Prospectuses for 
Securities (the “Prospectus Law”) in respect of Exempt Notes to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF Market (the “Euro 
MTF Market”). Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on either the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market or its Euro MTF Market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.   
References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, except as otherwise provided under the 
Programme, Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market or the Euro MTF Market and have been 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, 
“MiFID II”) (a “Regulated Market”) while the Euro MTF Market is not a Regulated Market.    
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date and shall expire on October 6, 2024. The obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply once this Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted on a Regulated 
Market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and/or offered to the public in the EEA, other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
 
 Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of, interest payable in respect of, the issue price of, and certain other information which is 
applicable to, each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be set forth in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) 
or in a prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus” below, which with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF and, in the case of a 
Drawdown Prospectus in respect of such Tranche of Notes, will be approved by the CSSF on or before the date of admission of the Notes of such 
Tranche on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. This Prospectus and the Final Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be, in relation to the Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest in 
respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes, and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”) or in a supplement specific to such Tranche. The Programme provides that Notes may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Purchaser(s) in relation to such issue. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
The credit ratings of the Programme and the Issuer’s debt referred to on page 125 of this Prospectus have been assigned by Moody’s 
Canada Inc. (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp. 
(“Standard & Poor’s”), DBRS Limited (“DBRS”) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”), none of which are established in the European Union (the “EU”) 
or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) or are registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or such 
regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  
However, ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited which is established and registered in the EU, 
and is, as at the date of this Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(the “ESMA”) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is not established in the UK and has not applied for registration under the UK CRA Regulation. Ratings issued 
by Moody’s, DBRS and Fitch are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., DBRS Ratings Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited which are 
established in the UK and are registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and are, as at the date of this Prospectus, included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) on its website. Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., 
DBRS Ratings Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited are not established in the EU and have not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation. 
See “Important Notices – Credit Ratings”.  
 
 Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”), to BBSW, which is provided by ASX Benchmarks Limited (“ASX”) or to any other benchmark, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  As at the date hereof, EMMI and ASX are included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  The registration 
status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record, and save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of any administrator.   
See “Risk Factors” on pages 11 through 20 for a discussion of certain risks that should be considered in connection with an 
investment in certain types of Notes which may be offered under the Programme. 
 
 
Arranger 
TD SECURITIES 
Dealers 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CIBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
 
TD SECURITIES 
 
 
October 6, 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
Copies of each Final Terms will be available for inspection, subject as provided herein, during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (as defined below) set out at the end of this Prospectus (or by email upon production of 
proof of holding and identity satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) and for collection without charge from the Ministry of Finance, 
Provincial Treasury, Debt Management Branch, 620 Superior Street, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, V8V 1V2. In addition, 
copies of each Final Terms relating to Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange can be viewed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Copies of each Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Notes that are not listed 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Issuer as to the identity of such holder.  Copies of each Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Notes that are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange can be viewed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
Notes will be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or registered form (“Registered Notes”), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. Depending on their form and specified currency, 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through one or more clearing systems, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. These systems will include, outside Canada and the United States, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and in the United States, The Depository 
Trust Company (“DTC”). 
The Notes of each Tranche of Bearer Notes will either initially be represented by a temporary global Bearer Note or, if 
agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser (only in cases where otherwise permitted by applicable United States law), be 
represented by a permanent global Bearer Note which, in either case, will be deposited (i) if the global Note is issued in new 
global note (a “NGN”) form as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, with 
a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) if the global Note 
issued in classic global note (a “CGN”) form as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial 
interests in a temporary global Bearer Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, for either beneficial interests in a permanent global Bearer Note or definitive Bearer Notes 
only in the manner and upon compliance with the procedures described under “Form of the Notes”. Except with respect to 
Registered Notes initially placed in the United States to institutional “accredited investors” (“Institutional Accredited 
Investors”) within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) or unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, 
Registered Notes will be represented by one or more permanent global Registered Notes which will be (i) if held under the new 
safekeeping structure for registered global securities (the “NSS”), registered in the name of a nominee of and delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; (ii) if not held under the NSS, registered in the name of 
and deposited with a Common Depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (iii) in the case of any sales into 
the United States pursuant to Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act, registered in the name of Cede & Co. or other 
nominee for DTC and deposited with the Registrar (as defined herein), as custodian for DTC, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes may be initially placed in the United States to persons reasonably believed to be Qualified Institutional 
Buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A (“QIBs”).  Upon an initial placement of Registered Notes in the United States, QIBs will 
receive delivery of interests in the Registered Notes through the facilities of DTC. Subsequent transfers of interests in 
Registered Notes held through DTC may only be made to QIBs or pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 904 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or an effective registration statement, in each case under the Securities Act. Transfers pursuant 
to Rule 904 of Regulation S of Registered Notes held through DTC will settle in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg through 
the applicable global Registered Note in each such clearing system outside the United States. QIBs may transfer interests in 
Registered Notes to QIBs through the facilities of DTC. 
Beneficial interests in a permanent global Bearer Note and a permanent global Registered Note will be exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes and definitive Registered Notes, respectively, only in limited circumstances. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes — 2. Definitive Certificates”. 
The Issuer may agree with any Purchaser that Notes may be issued in a form and with terms and conditions not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein in which event (except in the case of Exempt Notes) a 
supplement to this Prospectus or Drawdown Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of 
the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Prospectus comprises (i) a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
(ii) a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Prospectus Law in respect of Exempt 
Notes to be admitted to the Euro MTF Market.   
The only persons authorised to use this Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes 
are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms, or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement as the relevant Dealer or the Managers. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that where information has been sourced from a third party in this 
Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference), such source has been stated 
and such information accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto as may be 
approved by the CSSF and, in the case of Exempt Notes to be admitted to the Euro MTF Market, 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange from time to time and with all documents which are 
incorporated by reference herein or therein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated By 
Reference” on pages 21 through 28) and, in relation to the final terms of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. This 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated 
by reference and form part of this Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in 
this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes 
or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Notes. The Dealers accept no liability in relation to the information contained in 
this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for, or provides any assurance as to the reliability of, any information that others 
may give you or any representation that others may make. 
Neither this Prospectus, nor any of the information incorporated by reference nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Notes is intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as recommendations by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus, or any information incorporated by 
reference or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes, should purchase any 
of the Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus, nor any information incorporated by 
reference nor any other information supplied in connection with the Notes constitutes an offer

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to purchase any 
of the Notes. 
The delivery of this Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained 
herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme. Each recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer, which would 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same basis. 
This Prospectus may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.  The distribution of this Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement or other offering material relating to the Notes, and the offer or 
sale of the Notes, may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Any persons who come into 
possession of this Prospectus, any Notes or any other offering materials relating to the Issuer, 
the Programme or any Notes must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions.  This Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection 
with, an offer to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or a solicitation by 
anyone not authorised so to act. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in Canada, the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium, Italy and The Netherlands), the UK, China, India, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Macau, Taiwan and Switzerland (see “Subscription and Sale” on page 132). 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer 
in that Relevant Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in 
this Prospectus as completed by Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) as 
supplemented, amended or replaced by the Pricing Supplement, in relation to the offer of those 
Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes) may include a legend entitled “MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the MiFID II Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 
(the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
 
 The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  A distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a UK manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
 If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes, includes a legend entitled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA 
RETAIL INVESTORS”, the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
“SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered in the United States under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that 
are subject to U.S. federal income tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) (see “Subscription and Sale” on page 132). 
In this Prospectus, references to “Cdn.$” are to Canadian dollars, references to “euro” are 
to the currency of the Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union, as amended, references to “£” and “sterling” are to UK pounds sterling, 
references to “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars, references to “¥” and 
“yen” are to Japanese yen, references to “Indian Rupee” or “INR” are to the lawful currency of 
the Republic of India, references to “HKD” are to Hong Kong dollars, and references to “CNY” 
or “RMB” and “Renminbi” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” 
or “China”) which, for the purposes of this Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan. References herein to the “European Economic Area” or “EEA” are to the Member 
States of the EU together with Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. 
THE PURCHASE OF NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND MAY BE SUITABLE 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND 
BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE 
MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN 
FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, (I) ALL THE INFORMATION 
SET FORTH IN THIS PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH 
BELOW AND (II) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY, 
INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WITH THEIR OWN FINANCIAL, TAX AND LEGAL 
ADVISERS, WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER. 
The Notes may not be suitable for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor, either on its own or with the help of its financial or other professional 
advisers, should consider whether it: 
(i) 
  
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)   
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
(iii)   
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv)   
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v)   
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors 
that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, (3) Notes can be used as repo-
eligible securities, and (4) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGERS(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR (IN 
THE CASE OF EXEMPT NOTES) PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES 
AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, 
STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.  ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN 
ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF 
THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE 
AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE 
ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF 
THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES.  ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR 
OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) 
(OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
 
Credit Ratings 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be provided a credit rating by a 
credit rating agency. Where a Tranche of Notes is provided a credit rating by a credit rating 
agency, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. Such rating(s) will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Programme or to Notes already issued. There are no 
guarantees that such ratings will be assigned or maintained, and a credit rating agency may 
lower or withdraw its ratings. In addition, at any time a credit rating agency may revise its 
relevant rating methodology with the result that, among other things, any rating assigned to 
the Notes may be lowered. Furthermore, the ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks relating to the Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. 
 
___________________________

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme  
10 
Risk Factors 
11 
Documents Incorporated by Reference  
21 
Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
29 
Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus 
30 
Form of the Notes 
31 
Form of Final Terms (Denominations of at least €100,000) for Notes other than Exempt
Notes 
36 
Form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Notes 
54 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
72 
How the Return on an Investment in Notes subject to the Synthetic Currency Asset 
Conditions is calculated 
119 
Use of Proceeds  
122 
Description of Issuer  
123 
Credit Ratings  
125 
Clearance and Settlement  
127 
Subscription and Sale  
132 
Canadian Income Tax Considerations  
142 
Luxembourg Income Tax Considerations 
144 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax  
149 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
150 
General Information  
160

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any 
currency as described below, and having such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body (however called)) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency. The applicable terms of any Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser(s) prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set 
out in the Conditions of the Notes attached to, endorsed upon or incorporated by reference into, the 
Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as supplemented, amended or replaced by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as more fully described under “Form of the Notes” on page 31. 
Subject as set out herein, this Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for the 
admission of the Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and/or admission to 
any relevant stock exchange in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate 
nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under this 
Programme, does not exceed U.S.$6,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the 
purpose of calculating the U.S. dollar equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time: 
(a)  the U.S. dollar equivalent of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to the relevant Notes, described 
under “Form of the Notes”) other than U.S. dollars shall be determined as of the date of 
agreement to issue such Notes (the “Agreement Date”) on the basis of the spot rate for the 
sale of the U.S. dollar against the purchase of such Specified Currency at 11:00 a.m. 
London time in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading bank active in 
that market selected by the Fiscal Agent on the Agreement Date; 
(b)  the U.S. dollar equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement in relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form of the 
Notes”) and other Notes issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the 
manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer; and 
(c)  the U.S. dollar equivalent of any other Notes issued under the Programme shall be as 
specified in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the change in the secondary market value of the 
Notes, the inability of an investor to sell its Notes in the secondary market or the inability of the 
Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes or to perform 
any of its obligations may occur for other reasons not known at the date of this Prospectus. The risks 
described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently 
known to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial could also affect the ability of the Issuer 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including information 
incorporated by reference) to reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or 
elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meanings in these Risk Factors. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
 
The Issuer believes that there are no risks that are specific to the Issuer. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors in that in some cases they may lose the 
value of their entire investment or part of it. Set out below are the risks relating to Notes with certain 
features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement provide for an Issuer 
Call Option, the Issuer may redeem all or some of the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. If the rate converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on the other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The issue price of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement may be more than the market value of such Notes as of the issue date, and the 
price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person willing to purchase the Notes in secondary market 
transactions may be lower than the issue price.  
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with 
comparable maturities. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR and/or any other benchmark may affect the value or 
payment of interest under the Notes, including where EURIBOR and/or any other benchmark may 
not be available  
Various interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) are, and have been, the subject of regulatory scrutiny 
and national, international and other regulatory reform and review, with further changes anticipated. 
Such reform includes the EU Benchmarks Regulation which applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), the UK. 
Among other things (and subject to similar regimes in the EU (with the register of benchmark 
administrators administered by the ESMA) and the UK (with the register of benchmark administrators 
administered by the FCA)), it: (a) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based or non-UK based (as applicable), to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed by the relevant authority); and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-
supervised entities and UK-supervised entities (as defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable)) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered by the relevant authority (or if non-EU based or non-UK based (as applicable), not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed by the relevant authority).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of such regulation(s), and 
such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the published 
rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the relevant benchmark.  
The expected or potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of 
the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark which is subject to 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature 
of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the 
trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be determined 
by an Independent Adviser (as defined below) and set by reference to a successor rate or an 
alternative reference rate and an adjustment spread. In certain circumstances (including where the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or where the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a successor rate or an alternative rate or an adjustment spread) the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or the 
Interest Rate applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes.  Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Criminal Rate of Interest   
The Notes will be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws 
of Canada applicable therein. The Criminal Code (Canada) prohibits receiving, or entering into an 
agreement or arrangement to receive, “interest” at a “criminal rate” (namely, an effective annual rate 
of interest that exceeds 60 per cent.).  The amount of “interest” includes the aggregate of all interest, 
fees, charges and expenses paid or payable for the advancing of credit.  Accordingly, the provisions 
for the payment of interest or a Redemption Amount in excess of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes may not be enforceable if the relevant provision provides for the payment of “interest” in 
excess of an effective annual rate of interest that exceeds 60 per cent.  If any Notes are found not to 
be enforceable in whole or in part as a result of such prohibition, Noteholders may not be able to 
collect some or all of the interest owing on the Notes. On June 22, 2023, the Budget Implementation 
Act, 2023, No.1 (Canada) (“Bill C-47”) received Royal Assent. Bill C-47, among other things, 
amends the Criminal Code (Canada) to change the method of calculating such criminal rate of 
interest from an effective annual rate to an annual percentage rate, to lower such criminal rate of 
interest to a rate in excess of 35 per cent. and to disapply such prohibition on such criminal rate of 
interest in respect of agreements or arrangements provided for by regulation (if any). The sections of 
Bill C-47 making these amendments have not yet come into force but may be brought into force on a 
day or days to be fixed by the order of the Governor in Council. Bill C-47 makes clear that when the 
new definition of “criminal rate” comes into force, that new definition does not apply in respect of any 
receipt of a payment of interest arising under an existing agreement or arrangement entered into 
before the new definition of “criminal rate” comes into force, provided that such payment of interest 
would not also have been at a “criminal rate” under the existing definition of “criminal rate”. 
Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks    
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme. RMB 
Notes contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to 
regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies. However, there has been significant

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
reduction in control by the PRC government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions 
involving the import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital 
account items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment is generally 
only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings 
with, the relevant currency control authorities or a close review by qualified local banks, on a case-
by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system.  
Qualified Renminbi business participating banks (the “Participating Banks”) and clearing 
banks outside the PRC have already been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account 
trade transactions in Renminbi. Although regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items continue to develop gradually, the 
Participating Banks have been permitted to settle designated capital account items (e.g. direct capital 
investment and approved securities investments). 
Although effective from October 1, 2016 the Renminbi was included in the Special Drawing 
Right (“SDR”) basket as the fifth currency (along with the U.S. dollar, the euro, Japanese yen and 
sterling) and although effective from August 1, 2022 the weight of the Renminbi in the SDR valuation 
basket was raised from 10.92 per cent. to 12.28 per cent., there is no assurance that the PRC 
government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border Renminbi remittances in the future, 
that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new PRC 
regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the 
remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. If the Issuer decided to remit some or all of the 
proceeds of issue of RMB Notes into the PRC in Renminbi, its ability to do so will be subject to 
obtaining (without guarantee) all necessary approvals from, or registration with, the relevant PRC 
government authorities. If the Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds of issue of RMB Notes 
into the PRC in Renminbi and the Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds outside the 
PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to perform its 
obligations under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. Whilst the People’s Bank of China (the 
“PBoC”) has established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms and entered into 
agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions that have been permitted 
to engage in the settlement of transactions in Renminbi in a number of financial centres and cities 
(the “Renminbi Clearing Banks”), the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets 
outside the PRC remains limited. 
The Participating Banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The 
Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the 
purpose of squaring open positions of the Participating Banks for limited types of transactions and 
are not obliged to square for the Participating Banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the Participating Banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the 
PRC to square such open positions.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and 
size, its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the 
agreements on the clearing of Renminbi entered into by the PBoC and the relevant Renminbi 
Clearing Bank will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore 
market to service its RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
An investment in the RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the euro and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time 
to time and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as 
well as many other factors. In 2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the 
Renminbi’s daily midpoint against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before 
announcing such daily midpoint. This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase 
the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the euro or other applicable foreign currency, the value of a Noteholder’s 
investment in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
An investment in the RMB Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and 
principal on the RMB Notes when due, in whole or in part, in Renminbi in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) (as defined in the Conditions) as a result of Inconvertibility, Non transferability 
or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than 
five nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, 
to settle any such payment, in whole or in part, in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal amount otherwise payable 
in Renminbi, as the case may be. See also “Exchange rate risks and exchange controls” below. 
Payments in respect of the RMB Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the RMB Notes 
Holders of beneficial interests in the RMB Notes may be required to provide certifications and 
other information (including Renminbi account information) in order to allow such holder to receive 
payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for the 
Participating Banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined in the Conditions). 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the RMB Notes will be made solely (i) for so 
long as the RMB Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre in accordance with prevailing rules and procedures of those clearing systems or 
(ii) for so long as the RMB Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as described in the Conditions, the Issuer cannot be required to make 
payment in relation to RMB Notes by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer 
to a bank account in the PRC).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Risk of increased interest rate volatility 
The PRC government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. 
Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in 
markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as 
a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market 
conditions. In the case of RMB Notes carrying a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the RMB 
Notes will vary with fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the RMB Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the RMB Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of a Noteholder’s 
investment in the RMB Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required 
to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under 
those RMB Notes. 
Risks related to payment of Notes in an Alternative Currency or Payment Currency 
 
INVESTORS IN SYNTHETIC CURRENCY NOTES MAY LOSE THE ENTIRE VALUE OF 
THEIR INVESTMENT OR PART OF IT. 
 
The Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments of interest, principal and other 
amounts with respect to Notes in the relevant Specified Currency. However, if Condition 7(g), which 
provides for payment in euro (the “Alternative Currency”) in certain circumstances, is specified to 
be applicable and if access to the Specified Currency becomes restricted, the Issuer will be entitled 
to make any such payment in the Alternative Currency at the rates, and in the manner, set out in 
Condition 7(g). 
 
In addition, if the Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions are specified to be applicable in respect 
of any Notes (“Synthetic Currency Notes”), such Notes may be denominated in the Specified 
Currency but payable in another currency (the “Payment Currency”). 
 
In each case, the value of the Notes could therefore be affected by fluctuations in the value of 
the Specified Currency as compared to the Alternative Currency or the Payment Currency, as the 
case may be. There is a risk that the exchange rate (or the exchange rates) used to determine the 
Alternative Currency or Payment Currency amount of any payments in respect of the Notes may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation or revaluation of the Specified Currency) 
or that authorities with jurisdiction over such currencies could cause a decrease in (1) the Alternative 
Currency or Payment Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Alternative Currency or 
Payment Currency equivalent value of the amount payable in respect of the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes and (3) the Alternative Currency or Payment Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. Therefore, there is a possibility that the Alternative Currency or Payment 
Currency value of the Notes at the time of any sale or redemption or cancellation, as the case may 
be, of the Notes may be below the value of the investor’s original investment in the Notes, depending 
on the exchange rate at the time of any such sale or redemption or cancellation, as the case may be. 
 
Factors affecting the relevant foreign exchange rate

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
The rate at which amounts will be converted into the Alternative Currency or Payment 
Currency is dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries 
concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the 
currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such 
measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new 
currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics 
by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the 
exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a 
specified currency. 
 
Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
 
Notes denominated in emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than 
currencies of developed markets and are more likely to be the subject of events that disrupt a 
particular market for a currency.  Synthetic Currency FX Disruption Events that may apply to 
Synthetic Currency Notes are set out in Condition 7(j). Upon the occurrence of a Synthetic Currency 
FX Disruption Event, the determination of the amount payable on Synthetic Currency Notes may be 
delayed or determined according to alternative exchange rates, which may adversely affect the value 
of such Notes. 
 
Principal Protection 
 
Foreign exchange fluctuations between an investor’s home currency (or the Specified 
Currency) and the Payment Currency may affect investors who intend to convert gains or losses 
from the exercise or sale of Notes into their home currency and may eventually cause a partial or 
total loss of the investor’s initial investment. 
In particular, Notes with terms linked to the performance of foreign exchange rates of 
emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to the future of 
such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange as against other currencies. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Conditions of the Notes may be modified without the consent of all Noteholders 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including 
at a physical location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or 
videoconference) or a combination of such methods), passing written resolutions or obtaining 
electronic consents to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind (and to modify or waive certain Conditions of the Notes or covenants and 
agreements made by the Issuer) all Noteholders including Noteholders who do not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting, sign a written resolution or provide an electronic consent and Noteholders who 
vote in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement will be 
able to amend the Fiscal Agency Agreement, Conditions and the Notes without notice to or consent 
of the holders of Notes for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision therein, or in any other manner the parties to the Fiscal

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Agency Agreement may deem necessary or desirable and which shall not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders of Notes, Coupons or Talons. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which has denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination and one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less that the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination before definitive Notes are 
issued to such holders. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any change of law  
The Conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of the 
Province of British Columbia or the federal laws of Canada applicable therein or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially impact the value of 
the Notes affected by it. 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg Procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more global Notes that 
may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be 
deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as defined under “Clearance and Settlement”). Except in the 
circumstances described in each global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive 
form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each global Note held through it. While the 
Notes are represented by a global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests, or 
exercise any rights of their beneficial interests, in the Notes only through the relevant clearing systems 
and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants 
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any global Note. 
Bearer Notes in NGN form and global Registered Notes held under the NSS 
Bearer Notes in NGN form and global Registered Notes held under the NSS allow for the 
possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as 
eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”) and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
However, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time.  Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the 
Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria.   
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange 
rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a 
limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed liquid secondary market. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.  Accordingly, the Notes should not be 
viewed as trading instruments and investors should be prepared to hold the Notes to maturity. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Except as otherwise provided under “Risks related to payment of Notes in an Alternative 
Currency or Payment Currency” or “Investment in the RMB Notes is subject to currency risk” above, 
the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency or any 
Alternative Currency or Payment Currency in which the Notes may be payable. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or any Alternative Currency or Payment Currency in which the Notes may be payable or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange 
rate. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency or any 
Alternative Currency or Payment Currency in which the Notes may be payable would decrease (1) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, which may affect the secondary market value and/or 
the real value of the Notes over time due to fluctuations in market interest rates and the effects of 
inflation 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate.  Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk 
that the value of such Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on such Fixed Rate Notes.  Further, inflation will reduce 
the real value of the Fixed Rate Note over time which may affect what investors can buy with the 
investments in the future and which may make the fixed interest rate on the Fixed Rate Notes less 
attractive in the future. 
Credit ratings are subject to change and may be subject to use restrictions 
At any time a credit rating agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, 
among other things, any rating assigned to the Notes may be lowered. If any of the ratings assigned 
to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn for any reason, the market value of the Notes may be reduced.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU or registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by 
an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA credit rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  
In addition, UK regulated investors are, in general, restricted under the UK CRA Regulation 
from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a 
UK credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK registered credit rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).     
Neither the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation nor the list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the FCA on its website in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation is conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the relevant updated list.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for the regulatory purposes of the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment which may adversely impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in 
the secondary market.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, 
and to form part of, this Prospectus:  
 (a)  (i) Exhibit 99.9 (containing the 2021/2022 Public Accounts for the Fiscal Year ended March 
31, 
2022) 
(the 
“2021/22 
Public 
Accounts”) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/107e029d003d2f429d9d6d3c52af2643e1); and 
(ii) Exhibit 99.10 (containing the 2022 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review 
(82nd Edition, April 2021 – March 2022)) (the “2022 Review”) (available at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105274d22bc3ec41109ca011d6681899c1), 
of the Issuer’s Form 18-K dated October 27, 2021 and filed with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on October 28, 2021, as amended by a 
Form 18-K/A dated and filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022 (the rest of this Form 
18-K, as so amended, is either not relevant to the Notes, and therefore not incorporated by 
reference herein, or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus);  
(b)  (i) Exhibit  99.3  (entitled  “Additional  Information  Relating  to  the  Province”,  and  
describing  among  other  things  the  debt  of  the  Province  and  its  trade  balance)  (the  
“2022 
 
Exhibit 
99.3”) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100a2b7ad87a0146a6914b37f1138cdf95);  
  
 (ii) Exhibit 99.5 (containing the Budget and Fiscal Plan (2023/24 – 2025/26) dated February 
28, 
2023) 
(the 
“2023 
Budget”) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10cf918efde1e343098a0b4adf1b507bfc); 
  
 (iii) Exhibit 99.6 (containing the Estimates, Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2024, presented to 
the Legislative Assembly on February 28, 2023) (the “2023/24 Estimates”) (available at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101b7138d0c13b481ba1dbcf0ca4b5fa14), including the following 
sections: 
 
  
  
 (A)  Introduction to the Estimates on page v; 
 
  
  
 (B)  Explanatory Notes on page vi; 
 
  
  
 (C)  Summary Information on pages 1 to 13; 
 
  
 (D)  Estimates of Special Offices, Ministries and Other Appropriations on pages 17 to 
205; 
 
  
  
 (E)  Schedules on pages 209 to 222; and 
 
  
  
 (F)  Explanatory Notes on the Group Account Classifications on pages 223 to 224;  
  
 (iv) Exhibit 99.7 (containing the Supplement to the Estimates, Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 
2024, presented to the Legislative Assembly on February 28, 2023) (the “Supplement to 
the 
2023/24 
Estimates”) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f98bc423f6c24a29a0de700314b58ac9), including the following 
sections: 
 
  
  
 (A)  Introduction on page 1: 
 
  
  
 (B)  Summary Information on pages 3 to 11;

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
  
  
 (C)  Special Offices, Ministries and Other Appropriations Operating Expenses on 
pages 14 to 81; and 
 
  
  
 (D)  Explanatory Notes on the Group Account Classifications on pages 83 to 84; 
 
(v) Exhibit 99.8 (containing the Supplementary Estimates, Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 
2023, presented to the Legislative Assembly on February 28, 2023) (the “Supplementary 
Estimates 
to 
the 
2022/23 
Estimates”) 
(available 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1076aa5ea1860b459db3feafd0314a5eaf), in its entirety; 
(vi) Exhibit 99.10 (containing the 2022/2023 Public Accounts for the Fiscal Year ended 
March 
31, 
2023) 
(the 
“2022/2023 
Public 
Accounts”) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/102cd9a78fc06440808273fb7c5b836019); 
  
(vii) Exhibit 99.11 (containing the 2023 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review 
(83rd Edition, April 2022 – March 2023)) (the “2023 Review”) (available at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10315f712b66704e08bf1745293d218829); and 
(viii) Exhibit 99.12 (containing the First Quarterly Report Fiscal Plan Update 2023/24 – 
2025/26, 2023/24 Economic Outlook and Financial Forecast & Three Months Results April – 
June 
2023) 
(the 
“2023/24 
First 
Quarterly 
Report”) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ccddc8dd740747dfa18bf9ca15a4288a),  
of the Issuer’s Form 18-K dated October 25, 2022 and filed with the SEC on October 31, 
2022, as amended by a Form 18-K/A dated and filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 and 
as amended by a Form 18-K/A dated September 28, 2023 and filed with the SEC on 
September 29, 2023 (the rest of this Form 18-K, as so amended, is either not relevant to 
the Notes, and therefore not incorporated by reference herein, or covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus); and 
 (c) the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” set out in the prospectuses dated 
November 
10, 
2022 
(pages 
70 
to 
116) 
(available 
at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10e46077a456584ce7b9703ebf8cba211e), September 29, 2021 
(pages 
71 
to 
118) 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101d6cdb6099f046da9fc0db2763b60298), May 22, 2020 (pages 68 
to 114) (available at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102d071ecc9b224a629dd752291867a138), May 
14, 
2019 
(pages 
68 
to 
114) 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103516c23076e242ac9f2fb80821f6a5c7), May 4, 2018 (pages 72 to 
114) (available at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1073b960b45b9947a991eb8a0e3a449549), May 
13, 
2016 
(pages 
97 
to 
138) 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103ad133e83c8e487e86406ff55f666dfb) and March 30, 2015 (pages 
75 to 102) (available at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105d15455cc67e42cdb181ea085ee341e5), 
relating to the Programme (for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms for a 
Tranche of Notes will indicate the Terms and Conditions applicable to such Tranche and 
unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of all 
Notes issued after the date hereof shall be those set out in this Prospectus); the remaining 
portions of the prospectuses dated November 10, 2022, September 29, 2021, May 22, 
2020, May 14, 2019, May 4, 2018, May 13, 2016 and March 30, 2015 relating to the 
Programme are not relevant for prospective investors and are not incorporated by reference 
herein.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information may be found in certain of the above-
mentioned documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus in accordance with the following 
cross-reference table (in which the numbering refers to the relevant items in Annex 10 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”):

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation 
Annex 10 
2021/22 Public 
Accounts 
2022 Review 
2022 Exhibit 99.3 
2023 Budget 
2022/23 Public 
Accounts 
2023 Review 
 
2023/24 First 
Quarterly Report 
 
3 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.4 
A description of the issuer’s economy 
including: 
 
pages 3 through 
18 
 
 
 
pages 3 through 
18 
pages 31 through 
51 
 
(a) the structure of the economy 
with details of the main 
sectors of the economy; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) gross domestic product with 
a breakdown by the issuer’s 
economic sectors for the 
previous two fiscal years. 
 
 
 
pages 83 through 
111 
 
 
 
3.5 
A general description of the issuer’s 
political system and government 
including details of the governing body 
of the issuer. 
 
Constitutional 
Framework - 
pages 58 and 59 
Provincial 
Government - 
pages 59 through 
61 
 
 
 
Constitutional 
Framework – 
pages 58 and 59  
Provincial 
Government – 
pages 59 through 
61 
 
4 
PUBLIC FINANCE AND TRADE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.1 
Information on the following for the two 
fiscal years prior to the date of the 
registration document: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) the tax and budgetary systems;  
 
pages 65 through 
71 
 
pages 50 through 
64 and pages 124 
through 145 
 
pages 65 through 
71  
 
 
(b) gross public debt including a 
 
pages 45 through 
pages 2 through 
pages 64 through 
 
pages 46 through 
pages 16, 17, 28

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation 
Annex 10 
2021/22 Public 
Accounts 
2022 Review 
2022 Exhibit 99.3 
2023 Budget 
2022/23 Public 
Accounts 
2023 Review 
 
2023/24 First 
Quarterly Report 
 
summary of the debt, the 
maturity structure of outstanding 
debt (particularly noting debt 
with a residual maturity of less 
than one year) and debt 
payment record, and of the parts 
of debt denominated in the 
domestic currency of the issuer 
and in foreign currencies; 
49 
18 
66, page 128, and 
pages 168 
through 170 
50 
pages 110 
through 112 
and 74 through 76 
 
(c) foreign trade and balance of 
payment figures; 
 
pages 6 through 7 
pages 90 and 91 
page 20 
 
 
pages 5 through 8 
pages 90 and 91 
 
 
(d) foreign exchange reserves 
including any potential 
encumbrances to such foreign 
exchange reserves as forward 
contracts or derivatives;  
 
 
page 19 
 
 
 
pages 39 and 41 
 
(e) financial position and resources 
including liquid deposits 
available in domestic currency; 
and 
 
pages 20 through 
52 
 
 
 
pages 20 through 
54  
pages 1 through 
29, 55 through 59 
and 62 through 73 
 
(f) 
income and expenditure figures. 
 
page 101 
pages 104 
through 107 
 
pages 159 
through 167 
 
page 101 
pages 104 
through 107  
 
 
Description of any auditing or 
independent review procedures 
pages 35 through 
41 
 
 
 
pages 35 through 
41 
pages 53 and 54

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation 
Annex 10 
2021/22 Public 
Accounts 
2022 Review 
2022 Exhibit 99.3 
2023 Budget 
2022/23 Public 
Accounts 
2023 Review 
 
2023/24 First 
Quarterly Report 
 
6 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION 
PROCEEDINGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.1 
Information on any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the 
issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects 
on the issuer’s financial position, or 
provide an appropriate negative 
statement.  
Contingent 
Liabilities—
Litigation - page 
79  
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—Tax 
Appeals - page 79  
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—
Guarantees 
and 
Indemnities - page 
79  
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—
Environmental 
Clean-up - page 
80  
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—Treaty 
Negotiations 
- 
pages 80 and 81 
 
 
Risks to the Fiscal 
Plan - pages 67 
through 70 
Risks to the Fiscal 
Forecast - page 
122 
Contingent 
Liabilities—
Litigation - page 
82  
 
 
Contingent 
Liabilities— 
Tax 
Appeals – page 
83  
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—
Guarantees 
and 
Indemnities 
– 
page 83  
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—
Environmental 
Clean-up – page 
83

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation 
Annex 10 
2021/22 Public 
Accounts 
2022 Review 
2022 Exhibit 99.3 
2023 Budget 
2022/23 Public 
Accounts 
2023 Review 
 
2023/24 First 
Quarterly Report 
 
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—Crown 
Corporations, 
Agencies and 
School Districts, 
Universities, 
Colleges, 
Institutes and 
Health 
Organizations 
(SUCH) - page 81  
Contingent 
Liabilities— Treaty 
Negotiations 
– 
page 84 
 
Contingent 
Liabilities—Crown 
Corporations, 
Agencies 
and 
School 
Districts, 
Universities, 
Colleges, 
Institutes 
and 
Health 
Organizations 
(SUCH) – page 85

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Other than the electronic addresses set out herein under “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” specifying where information incorporated by reference is available, the information on any 
websites referred to in this Prospectus does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by CSSF as competent authority.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to in this section “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” are either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus. 
Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. Such documents are either not 
relevant to investors or the information they contain is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
 
 Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus and the documents incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus (i) can be viewed on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and (ii) will be available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the principal offices in London, England of Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch, the fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”), principal paying agent, transfer agent and 
exchange agent for the Notes (or by email upon production of proof of holding and identity satisfactory 
to the Fiscal Agent), and for collection without charge from the Ministry of Finance, Provincial Treasury, 
Debt Management Branch, 620 Superior Street, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, V8V 1V2. The 
documents described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above will also be posted on the official website of 
the Ministry of Finance at http://www.gov.bc.ca/fin. 
In respect of Notes to be admitted to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
any other Regulated Market, the Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new 
Prospectus (in each case, published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the 
Programme Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”) that it will comply with the Prospectus 
Law. 
In respect of Notes to be admitted to the Euro MTF Market, the Issuer will prepare a supplement 
to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus where required pursuant to Rule 206 of Part 2, 
Chapter 2 of the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme 
Agreement that it will comply with Rule 206 of Part 2, Chapter 2 of the rules and regulations of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer’s Summary Financial Statements contained in the 2022/23 Public Accounts (pages 31  
to 110) and the 2021/22 Public Accounts (pages 31 to 105) of the Issuer incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus have not been prepared in accordance with the international accounting standards 
adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European 
Parliament and the European Council of the European Union (See “Description of the Issuer – 
Financial Statements”), but have been prepared in accordance with Canadian public accounting 
standards (see “Description of Issuer - Financial Statements”).

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements included in this Prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” 
within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements 
regarding, among other matters, the Issuer’s intent, belief or forecast with respect to the state of the 
economy, economic growth, consumer confidence, exports and unemployment. Prospective investors 
are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks, uncertainties and other known and unknown factors, including the factors discussed in 
the Issuer’s annual budget (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), which could cause the 
Issuer’s performance to differ materially from the forecasts and economic outlook expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, surpluses and deficits and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Prospectus all of the necessary information 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Prospectus and 
which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be 
contained either in the applicable Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
Such information will be contained in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement unless any of 
such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this 
Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in 
relation to the relevant series of Notes (other than Exempt Notes), may be contained in a Drawdown 
Prospectus or, in the case of Exempt Notes listed on the Euro MTF Market, a supplement specific to 
such Tranche. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement, the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement must, for the purposes of that Tranche only, be read in conjunction with 
this Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms and the Terms 
and Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Pricing 
Supplement are the Conditions as completed, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as completed, 
amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes will be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or registered form (“Registered Notes”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Bearer Notes 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify 
whether the principles of former United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any rules 
identical thereto (the “TEFRA D Rules”) or former United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any rules identical thereto (the “TEFRA C Rules”) are applicable in relation to the 
Notes, provided that if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify that the TEFRA rules are not applicable. If the TEFRA C Rules apply, the relevant 
issue of Notes will initially be represented by a permanent global Note, without interest coupons or 
talons.  If the TEFRA D Rules apply, the relevant issue of Notes will initially be represented by a 
temporary global Note, without interest coupons or talons or, if agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Purchaser (only in cases where otherwise permitted by applicable United States law), be 
represented by a permanent global Bearer Note.  
Each global Bearer Note may be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes (a) 
in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (i) 
if issued in NGN form as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes)  
Pricing Supplement, with a Common Safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) if issued in CGN form as specified in the applicable Final Terms, with 
a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and for Clearstream, Luxembourg 
outside the United States on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes or (b) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system outside the United States other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Purchaser(s).  
In the case of a CGN, upon deposit with a Common Depositary, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  If the global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that 
time. 
Upon deposit of the temporary global Bearer Note(s) with the Common Depositary, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If any payment becomes due on the Notes whilst such Notes are represented by a temporary 
global Bearer Note, such payment will be made (against presentation of the temporary global Bearer 
Note if the temporary global Bearer Note is issued in CGN form) only to the extent that certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in such form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the 
relevant clearing system) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or after 
the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the date on which the temporary global Bearer 
Note is issued, provided that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received, interests 
in the temporary global Bearer Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) for interests in a permanent 
global Bearer Note or for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons 
attached, in accordance with the terms of the temporary global Bearer Note. No payment falling due 
after the Exchange Date will be made on a temporary global Bearer Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a permanent global Bearer Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
refused. Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of a permanent global Bearer Note will be 
made through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing system) (against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of the permanent global Bearer Note if the permanent 
global Bearer Note is in CGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
A permanent global Bearer Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached, only in the limited 
circumstances described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 2. Definitive Certificates”. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other 
relevant clearing system) as the holder of a Bearer Note represented by a global Bearer Note must 
look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing system) (as the case 
may be) for the person’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such global 
Bearer Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the global Bearer Notes, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or 
other relevant clearing system). Except as set out under “Direct Rights” below, such persons shall 
have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Bearer Notes for so long 
as the Bearer Notes are represented by such global Bearer Note and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such global Bearer Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes (other than temporary global Bearer 
Notes) and definitive Bearer Notes with an original maturity of more than 365 days and on all Coupons 
and Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D Rules is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code”. 
The sections referred to provide that U.S. persons, as defined for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons 
and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition or payment of 
principal in respect of Bearer Notes or Coupons. 
Registered Notes 
Except with respect to Registered Notes initially placed in the United States to Institutional 
Accredited Investors or unless otherwise specified in a Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, Registered Notes will be represented by one or more permanent global 
Registered Notes. In the case of Notes that are intended to be sold in the European primary market, 
one or more permanent global Registered Notes representing the aggregate Registered Notes sold in 
such market will be (i) if held under the new safekeeping structure for registered global securities (the 
“NSS”), registered in the name of a nominee of and delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; (ii) if not held under the NSS, registered in the name of and 
deposited with a Common Depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and interests 
therein will be credited to the securities clearance accounts of the relevant Noteholders with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (each a “European Permanent Global Registered Note”). 
Registered Notes initially placed in the United States to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs 
pursuant to Rule 144A will be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Registered Notes 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. or other nominee for DTC and deposited with the Registrar as 
custodian for DTC (each a “DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note”).  A permanent 
global Registered Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) in whole but not in part by the owners of 
beneficial interests in such Registered Note for definitive Registered Notes only in the limited 
circumstances described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 2. Definitive Certificates”.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Subsequent transfers of interests in global Registered Notes held through DTC may only be 
made to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs or pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 904 of Regulation S or 
an effective registration statement, in each case under the Securities Act. Transfers of interests in 
global Registered Notes held through DTC pursuant to Rule 904 of Regulation S will settle in 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg through the European Permanent Global Registered Note. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other 
relevant clearing system) as the holder of a Registered Note represented by a European Permanent 
Global Registered Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant 
clearing system) (as the case may be) for the person’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to 
the registered holder of such European Permanent Global Registered Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the European Permanent Global Registered Note, subject to and in accordance 
with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other 
relevant clearing system). Except as set out under “Direct Rights” below, such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments under the Registered Notes for so long as the 
Registered Notes are represented by such European Permanent Global Registered Note and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder of such European 
Permanent Global Registered Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC as the holder of a Registered Note represented 
by a DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note must look solely to DTC for that person’s 
share of each payment made by the Issuer to Cede & Co or any other nominee appointed by DTC as 
the registered holder of such DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under a DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note, subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC. Such persons shall have no claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Registered Notes for so long as the Registered Notes are 
represented by such DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the nominee appointed by DTC as the registered holder of 
such DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Temporary and permanent global Bearer Notes and definitive Bearer Notes will be issued by the 
Fiscal Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer. Permanent global Registered Notes and definitive 
Registered Notes will be issued by the Co-Registrar or the Registrar, as the case may be, acting on 
behalf of the Issuer. Until exchanged in full, the bearer or registered holder of a global Note shall in all 
respects be entitled to the same benefits as if it were the bearer or registered holder of definitive Notes 
and Coupons, subject as set out above and in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. The global 
Notes contain provisions which apply to the Notes while they are in global form, some of which modify 
the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this document. 
For a description of clearance and settlement of Notes, see “Clearance and Settlement”. 
DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Notes 
 
An initial placement of Registered Notes in the United States to persons reasonably believed to 
be QIBs will be represented by one or more DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Notes.  In 
addition, any QIB accepting delivery of Registered Notes in the secondary market will receive delivery 
in the form of interests in the DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Notes. Subsequent 
transfers of interests in Registered Notes held through DTC may only be made to persons reasonably 
believed to be QIBs or pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 904 of Regulation S or an effective registration 
statement, in each case under the Securities Act. Transfers of Registered Notes held through DTC 
pursuant to Rule 904 of Regulation S will settle in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg through the 
European Permanent Global Registered Note. See “Clearance and Settlement”. QIBs may transfer 
interests in the DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Notes to QIBs through the facilities of 
DTC.  The DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note(s) (and any Registered Notes issued in

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
exchange therefor) will bear a legend regarding restrictions on transfer in the form set forth under 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
On or prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering of a Series of 
Notes and the date of settlement, a beneficial interest in a European Permanent Global Registered 
Note of such Series may be exchanged for, or transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of, an interest in the DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note(s) of the same Series if such 
transfer is made to the Issuer or to, by, through, or in a transfer approved by, a Dealer or upon receipt 
by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor and transferee (in the form provided in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person reasonably 
believed to be a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. After such 40th day, transfers of beneficial interests in a European Permanent 
Global Registered Note to Direct Participants (as defined in “Clearance and Settlement”) will no longer 
require such certification. 
Beneficial interests in the DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note(s) of a Series may 
be exchanged for, or transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of, an interest in a 
European Permanent Global Registered Note of the same Series, whether before, on or after such 
40th day, if such transfer is made to the Issuer or to, by, through, or in a transfer approved by, a Dealer 
or upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor and transferee (in the form 
provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance 
with Rule 904 of Regulation S. 
Any beneficial interest in one of the permanent global Registered Notes described above of a 
Series that is exchanged for, or transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of, an interest in 
the other permanent global Registered Note of the same Series will, upon transfer, cease to be an 
interest in the former such permanent global Registered Note and become an interest in the other 
global permanent Registered Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions 
and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in such other permanent global Registered 
Note for as long as it remains such an interest. 
General 
If any global Note is stated to be in NGN form or to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will also indicate whether or not such global 
Note is intended to be held in a manner which could allow Eurosytem eligibility.  Depositing the global 
Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.  
Direct Rights 
Each global Note provides that the holder may cause Notes represented by such global Note to 
become due and repayable in the circumstances described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Events of Default” by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of the Notes that 
are becoming due and repayable.  If the principal in respect of such Note becoming due and repayable

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
in such circumstances is not paid before 8:00 p.m. (London time) on the relevant due date, the holder 
of the global Note representing such Notes may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer 
in favour of persons with beneficial interests in such Notes equal to at least the Specified 
Denomination as accountholders within the relevant clearing systems.  Following any such election of 
direct rights, the nominal amount of the global Note will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Notes subject to the election. Where payment in full of principal or interest has not been made in 
respect of a DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note, the Issuer understands that, under 
existing industry practices, if the Issuer requests any action of holders of global Notes or if an owner of 
a beneficial interest in DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note wishes to give or take any 
action which a holder of a global Note is entitled to give or take under such global Note, DTC, or its 
nominee or successor, as the case may be, as the holder of such global Notes would authorise the 
participants through which the relevant beneficial interests are held to give or take such action, and 
such participants would authorise owners of beneficial interests owning through such participants to 
give or take such action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of the beneficial owners holding 
through them.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (DENOMINATIONS OF AT LEAST €100,000) FOR 
NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche issued under 
the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency). 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
“distributor”) 
should 
take 
into 
consideration 
the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared and in which case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) 2001 of 
Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
[prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]2 
 
Final Terms dated [     ] 
 
Province of British Columbia 
(LEI:  54930058TO7MEKUHWL16) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under its Euro Debt Issuance Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 [Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated October 6, 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Prospectus[es] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”).  As used herein, “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus.  The Prospectus, 
including all documents incorporated by reference therein, [is][are] available for viewing on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and during normal business hours at the offices 
of the Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent, Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London 
EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and copies may be obtained from the Ministry of Finance, Provincial 
Treasury, Debt Management Branch, 620 Superior Street, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, V8V 
1V2.] 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
 
 [Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [November 10, 2022 / September 29, 
2021 / May 22, 2020 / May 14, 2019 / May 4, 2018 / May 13, 2016 / March 30, 2015], which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated October 6, 2023 which constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Prospectus dated October 6, 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus[es] dated [●]], which 
[together] constitute[s] [a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
 
2 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
“Prospectus”) and the Conditions].  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Prospectus and the Conditions.  
The Prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference therein, [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and during normal 
business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent, Winchester House, 1 
Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and copies may be obtained from the 
Ministry of Finance, Provincial Treasury, Debt Management Branch, 620 Superior Street, in Victoria, 
British Columbia, Canada, V8V 1V2.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1.  (i)  Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
 (ii)  Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
 (iii)  Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series 
 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche] on [the Issue Date / exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [22] below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]].] 
2.  Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
 ] 
[subject to the provisions under paragraph 11 
below] 
3.  Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 (i)  Series: 
 
[Insert total nominal amount of outstanding Notes, 
including the Tranche which is the subject of this 
Final Terms] 
 
 (ii)  Tranche: 
[ 
] 
4.  Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
[The Issue Price will be payable in [   
  
] 
in the amount of [ 
  
 ] 
at 
the 
agreed 
exchange rate of [  ] per [ 
  
]] 
5.  (i)      Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[                  ] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above [   
] (or its equivalent) are being used, the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
[                ] [and integral multiples of [       ] in 
excess thereof up to and including [                    ]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
denomination above [            ].] 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose 
issue 
otherwise 
constitutes 
a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
 
 (ii)        Calculation Amount: 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor][Note – there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.] 
6.  (i)  Issue Date:  
[ 
] 
 
 (ii)  Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/The Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.  Maturity Date: 
[[specify date][, subject to adjustment for payment 
day purposes only in accordance with the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention] or 
(for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify relevant month and 
year]] 
8.  Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] [subject to the provisions under 
paragraph 10 below] 
 
[[ 
 ] month] [EURIBOR / BBSW] [Floating Rate] 
[subject to the provisions under paragraph 10 
below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] [subject to the provisions under 
paragraph 10 below] 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 
[[10] [14] [15] [16]]) 
9.  Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes would be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 / [  ]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount [subject to the provisions under 
paragraph 11 below] 
(N.B. The Notes will only be redeemed at an 
amount other than 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes 
 
 If paragraph 22 indicates that a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of a Noteholder, the Specified 
Denominations may not include integral multiples.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
provided that such amount will not be less than 
100 per cent. of their nominal amount) 
10.  Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable] [For the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date, up 
to (but excluding) [  ] paragraph [14/15] applies 
and for the period from (and including) [ 
  
] 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph 
[14/15] applies. 
11.  Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Payment Currency: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
 (ii)  Rate Calculation Date: 
 
 
  
 (A)  Number 
of 
Rate 
Calculation 
Business Days: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
 [(B)  Rate Calculation Business Days: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
 (C)  Rate 
Calculation 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 [(D)  Principal Financial Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] [As stated in Condition 7(j)(e)]] 
 
 (iii)  Synthetic Currency FX Rate: 
 
 
  
  
 [Cross Rate: 
[Applicable]  
 
  
  
 Crossing Currency: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 Cross Rate Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
  
  
 [Number of Cross Rate Rounding 
Places: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [Synthetic Currency FX Rate] 
[Specified-Crossing Currency FX 
Rate]: 
 
 
  
  
 [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] 
 
  
  
 - Settlement Rate Option: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 FX Price Source Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 - FX Price Source: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 - Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 - 
FX 
Settlement 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [Synthetic 
Currency 
Valuation 
Time] 
[Specified-Crossing 
Currency Valuation Time]: 
[ 
  
] 
 
  
  
 Reciprocal Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 [- 
Number 
of 
Reciprocal 
Rounding Places: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [Crossing-Payment Currency FX

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Rate]: 
 
  
  
 [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]  
 
  
  
 Settlement Rate Option: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [FX Price Source Determination: 
[Applicable] 
 
  
  
 - FX Price Source: 
 
 
  
  
 - Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 - 
FX 
Settlement 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 - 
Crossing-Payment 
Currency 
Valuation Time  
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 -    Reciprocal Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 [-  Number 
of 
Reciprocal 
Rounding Places 
[ 
  
 ]] 
- 
Synthetic Currency FX 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[ 
  
 ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 (iv)  Synthetic 
Currency 
FX 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Benchmark Obligation Default 
Benchmark Obligation: [  
]] 
[Price Materiality 
Primary Rate: [  
] 
Secondary Rate: [ 
 
] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [  
]] 
[Currency Replacement] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[Governmental Authority Event] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Inconvertibility] 
[Non-Transferability] 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 (v)  Disruption Fallbacks: 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency-Reference Dealers] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of Postponement: [   
]] 
[Yen Calculation Agent Determination 
[FX Reference Banks: [   
]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement 
[Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement:  
[ 
  
  
]] 
[EM Valuation Fallback Postponement 
[Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback 
Postponement:  [ 
  
  
]] 
[Fallback Reference Price

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
[Cross Rate:[Applicable]  
Crossing Currency:  [  
 ] 
Cross 
Rate 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
/Not 
Applicable] 
[Number of Cross Rate Rounding Places: [    ]]] 
[Synthetic Currency FX Rate] [Specified Crossing 
Currency FX Rate 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [   
]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [   
 ] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
  
] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s): [   
] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [  
]] 
Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [  ]] 
[Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate:] 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [   
]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [   
] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
 ] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s):  [  
] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [  
] 
Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [  ]] 
[Cross Rate Fallback: 
Fallback Crossing Currency: [   
]] 
Cross 
Rate 
Rounding: 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Cross Rate Rounding Places: [ ]] 
[Synthetic Currency FX Rate] [Specified-Crossing 
Currency FX Rate 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [  ]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable]  
FX Price Source: [  ]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
 ] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s): [   
] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [  
] 
Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [  ]] 
[Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate:] 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [  ]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [   
] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
 ] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s): [       ] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [     ]] 
Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [     ]] 
(The above options to be placed in the specific 
order in which they are to apply) 
 
 (vi)  Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 [Maximum 
Days 
of 
Unscheduled 
Holiday Postponement: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
 Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 Applicable Events: 
[Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[and] 
[EM 
Valuation 
Postponement] [and] [EM Valuation Fallback 
Postponement] 
 
  
 Maximum 
Days 
of 
Cumulative 
Postponement: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
 (vii)  Calculation Agent (for purpose of 
Condition 7(j) (if other than Fiscal 
Agent)): 
[ 
  
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent 
12.  Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
13.  Date(s) of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[           ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where new Order of the 
Lieutenant Governor in Council is required for the 
particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.  Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
 (ii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] [and [  ]] in each year, commencing [   
] 
up to and including the Maturity Date] [adjusted 
for [payment day purposes only]3 [payment day 
and interest accrual purposes] 4  in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below] [not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
 (iii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable]   
 
 (iv)  Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (v)  Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
  
  
[[               ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (vi)  Broken Amount(s): 
 
  
  
[              ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  
] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (vii)  Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed)5 / 30E/360] 
[Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise 
agreed.] 
 
 (viii) Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year [insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of long or short coupon.] [Not Applicable] 
 
[N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
3 Applicable to all Fixed Rate Notes.  
4 Potentially applicable to Notes denominated in HKD or RMB only.  
5 Actual/365(Fixed) is applicable to RMB Notes

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 (ix)  Calculation Agent: 
[[ 
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
15.  Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.  
 
(i) 
 Specified Period(s): 
[                                       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)    Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[                            ] [and [ 
]] 
in 
each year, commencing [ 
] 
[up 
to and including [ 
]], 
[, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below / , 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii)  First Interest Payment Date: 
[                                       ] 
 
(iv)  Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
(v)  Additional Business Centre(s): 
[                    ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(vii)  Calculation Agent: 
[[ 
] shall 
be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 Reference Rate: 
[                ] [              ] [EURIBOR] [BBSW] 
 
  
  
 Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(the second T2 Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
  
  
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
 (ix)  ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
  
 Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
 ] 
 
  
  
 Designated Maturity: 
[ 
 ] 
 
  
  
 Reset Date: 
[ 
 ] 
 
 (x)  Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation] 
 
 (xi)  Margin(s): 
[[+/–][ 
  
  ] per cent. per annum] [Not

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Applicable] 
 
 (xii)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[    
 ] per cent. per annum] [Zero per cent. 
per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ 
  
  ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360]  
(See Condition 5(b)(iv) for definitions) 
16.  Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Accrual Yield: 
[ 
  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 (ii)  Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
 (iii)  Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) where Determination Dates 
are [  
]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17.  Notice period for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period:  [30] [ 
 ] days 
Maximum period: [60] [ 
 ] days 
18.  Issuer Call 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment 
day purposes only in accordance with the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention]] 
 
 (ii)  Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii)  If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 (a)  Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
  
  
 (b)  Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (iv)  Notice period: 
Minimum period:  [15] [ 
 ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [       ] days

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
19.  Investor Put 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  
] 
 
 (ii)  Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 (iii)  Notice period: 
Minimum period:  [15] [ 
 ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [       ] days 
20.  Final Redemption Amount 
[[ 
  
 ] per Calculation Amount] [100 per 
cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation 
Amount] 
21.   Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[As per Condition 6(e)] [                ] per 
Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22.  Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after 
[insert Exchange Date] for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in Condition 
2.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after 
[insert Exchange Date] for Definitive Notes on [ ] 
days’ notice.] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in Condition 2.]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Registered Notes in definitive form] 
 
[European Permanent Global Registered Note  
([ 
 ] nominal amount) registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
[DTC 
Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note  
([ 
 ] nominal amount) registered in the name of 
a nominee for DTC]] 
 
(N.B.  The second option under “Bearer Notes” 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
5 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
excess thereof up to and including (€199,000]" 
23.  Global Record Date: 
[ 
 ] [Not Applicable] 
24.   (i) 
 New Global Note or Classic Global 
Note: 
[New Global Note] [Classic Global Note] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (ii)  New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
25.  Payment Day Business Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] 
26.  Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which paragraphs 14(iii) and 15(v) relate.) 
27.  Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[No] [Yes.  As the Notes have more than twenty-
seven (27) Coupon payments, Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than twenty-seven (27) Coupon payments are still 
to be made.] 
28.  Condition 7(g) (Payment in Alternative 
Currency): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph 
below) 
29.  Calculation Agent for purposes of Condition 
7(g) (if other than the Fiscal Agent): 
[[ 
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
30.  Calculation Agent for purposes of Condition 
7(i) (RMB Notes) (if other than the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[[ 
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
31.  RMB Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [   
  
 ] [Not Applicable] 
32.  Relevant Valuation Time for RMB Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [specify] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Province of British Columbia 
 
By:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
Regulated Market (for example, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market)] with effect from [insert 
date].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant Regulated Market (for example, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market)] with 
effect from [insert date].] 
[Tranche[s] [ 
] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to 
[the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[specify other] and to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market] [specify other] with effect 
from [  
].]  (Insert in the case of a fungible issue if 
the original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
[ 
 
] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/have/is/are expected 
to be] [rated] [have not been rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp.: 
[       ]] 
[Moody’s Canada Inc.: [       ]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, the rating(s) and a brief 
explanation of the meaning of such rating(s) if this has 
been published by the rating provider.) 
 
[[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp.] 
[Moody’s Canada Inc.]] is not established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) nor the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings [[have been] [are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EU or UK 
registered credit rating agency] in accordance with the [EU 
CRA Regulation] [UK CRA Regulation].]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
3.  INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement:] 
[“Save for any fees payable to the relevant [Managers/Dealer]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The relevant 
[Managers/Dealer] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.”] [amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] [Not Applicable] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]  
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[                        ] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND FURTHER PERFORMANCE 
AS WELL AS VOLATILITY 
[Details of information about the past and further performance of [EURIBOR/ BBSW] and its 
volatility can be obtained from [Reuters/[ 
].]  
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Notes subject to the Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions only - PERFORMANCE OF 
RATE OF EXCHANGE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE RATES OF 
EXCHANGE 
[An example of how the value of the investment is affected by the value of the underlying may be 
included.] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rates 
of exchange can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge.] 
[Identify source of all third party information.] 
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[                         ] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(ii) Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[                         ] 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[                        ]]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
(ii)    Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) CFI Code: 
[     ] 
(iv) FISN: 
[    ] 
(v)  [WKN or any other relevant codes]: 
[       ]] 
(vi)   Any clearing system(s) including 
DTC (other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s), 
including CUSIP: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vii)   Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities 
depositaries 
(“ICSDs”) 
as 
Common 
Safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper, 
that are held under the New Safekeeping Structure for 
registered global securities] [include this text for global 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the 
date 
of 
these 
Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as Common Safekeeper[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
Common Safekeeper, that are held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure for registered global securities] 
[include this text for global Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ix)  Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
or 
Transfer Agent for the Series and if 
applicable a statement that it or they 
should be sole Paying Agent(s) or 
Transfer Agent(s) for the Series (if 
any): 
 
Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)  
 
9.  DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
 
[Syndicated] [Non Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
 
[Not Applicable] [                        ] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ 
 
 
 
] 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [give name] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
(categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged products” and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers (categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(viii) Rule 144A Resales (categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
[Yes] [No] 
(ix) Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Accredited 
Investors under Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act 1933 (categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(x) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
applicable 
or 
TEFRA 
Rules 
not 
applicable 
(categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[TEFRA D Rules applicable] [TEFRA C Rules 
applicable] [TEFRA Rules not applicable] 
 
10.  BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [ 
 ] which [is/are] provided by [
].  As at [  ], [  ] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”).  [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions of Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [  ] 
[is/are] 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target legend to be included.]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target legend to be included.]]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) 2001 of 
Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
[prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]2 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW.  THE 
NOTES WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT ARE NOT ISSUED OR 
OFFERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared and in which case insert "Applicable" in 6(v) of Part B below. 
2 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [     ] 
 
Province of British Columbia 
(LEI:  54930058TO7MEKUHWL16) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under its Euro Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer in a Relevant Member State of the Notes may only do 
so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer and any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus dated October 6, 2023 [and the Supplemental Prospectus[es] dated 
[●]] (the “Prospectus”).3  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus.  The Prospectus, including 
all documents incorporated by reference therein, is available for viewing during normal business hours 
at the offices of the Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent, Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and copies may be obtained from the Ministry of Finance, 
Provincial Treasury, Debt Management Branch, 620 Superior Street, Victoria, British Columbia, 
Canada, V8V 1V2. 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus].4 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1.  (i)  Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
 (ii)  Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
 (iii)  Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series 
 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche] on [the Issue Date / exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
 
3 Only include details of a supplemental Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of all issues 
under the Programme. 
4 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Prospectus with a different 
date.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
paragraph [22] below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [date].] 
2.  Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
 ] 
[subject to the provisions under paragraph 11 
below] 
3.  Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 (i)  Series: 
 
 
[Insert total nominal amount of outstanding Notes, 
including the Tranche which is the subject of this 
Pricing Supplement] 
 
 (ii)  Tranche: 
[ 
] 
4.  Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
[The Issue Price will be payable in [   
  
] 
in the amount of [ 
  
 ] 
at 
the 
agreed 
exchange rate of [  ] per [ 
  
]] 
5.  (i)      Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[                  ] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above [   
] (or its equivalent) are being used, the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
[                ] [and integral multiples of [       ] in 
excess thereof up to and including [                    ]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [            ].] 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose 
issue 
otherwise 
constitutes 
a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
 
 (ii)        Calculation Amount: 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor][Note – there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.] 
6.  (i)  Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
 
 If paragraph 22 indicates that a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of a Noteholder, the Specified 
Denominations may not include integral multiples.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 (ii)  Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/The Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.  Maturity Date: 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment 
day purposes only in accordance with the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention]] 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [    ] 
[        ]](Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the relevant 
month and year) 
8.  Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] [subject to the provisions under 
paragraph 10 below] 
 
[[ 
 ] month] [EURIBOR / BBSW / Other (specify 
reference rate)] [Floating Rate] [subject to the 
provisions under paragraph 10 below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] [subject to the provisions under 
paragraph 10 below] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] [subject to the provisions 
under paragraph 11 below] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 
[[10] [14] [15] [16]]) 
9.  Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes would be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 / [  ]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount [subject to the provisions under 
paragraph 11 below] 
(N.B. The Notes will only be redeemed at an 
amount other than 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
10.  Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility 
of Notes into another Interest Basis] [Not 
Applicable] 
11.  Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Payment Currency: 
 [ 
  
 ] 
 
 (ii)  Rate Calculation Date: 
 
 
  
 (A)  Number 
of 
Rate 
Calculation 
Business Days: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
 [(B)  Rate Calculation Business Days:] 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
 (C)  Rate 
Calculation 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 [(D)  Principal Financial Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] [As stated in Condition 7(j)(e)]] 
 
 (iii)  Synthetic Currency FX Rate:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
  
  
 [Cross Rate: 
[Applicable]  
 
  
  
 Crossing Currency: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 Cross Rate Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
  
  
 [Number of Cross Rate Rounding 
Places: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [Synthetic Currency FX Rate] 
[Specified-Crossing Currency FX 
Rate]: 
 
 
  
  
 [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]  
 
  
  
 - Settlement Rate Option: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 FX Price Source Determination: 
[Applicable] 
 
  
  
 [- FX Price Source: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 - Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 - 
FX 
Settlement 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [Synthetic 
Currency 
Valuation 
Time][Specified-Crossing 
Currency Valuation Time]: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 Reciprocal Rounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 [- 
Number 
of 
Reciprocal 
Rounding Places: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [Crossing-Payment Currency FX 
Rate]: 
 
 
  
  
 [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]  
 
  
  
 Settlement Rate Option: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 [FX Price Source Determination: 
[Applicable]  
 
  
  
 - 
     FX Price Source: 
 
 
  
  
 -  
 Number of FX Settlement 
Days: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 -  
 FX 
Settlement 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 -  
 Crossing-Payment 
Currency Valuation Time 
 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
  
  
 -  
   Reciprocal Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 [-     Number 
of 
Reciprocal 
Rounding Places 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
  
 - 
 Synthetic 
Currency 
FX 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[ 
  
 ] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 (iv)  Synthetic 
Currency 
FX 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Benchmark Obligation Default 
Benchmark Obligation: [  
]] 
[Price Materiality 
Primary Rate: [  
] 
Secondary Rate: [ 
 
] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [  
]] 
[Currency Replacement] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[Governmental Authority Event] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Inconvertibility] 
[Non-Transferability] 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 (v)  Disruption Fallbacks: 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency-Reference Dealers] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of Postponement: [   
]] 
[Yen Calculation Agent Determination] 
[FX Reference Banks: [   
]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement 
[Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement:  
[ 
  
  
]] 
[EM Valuation Fallback Postponement 
[Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback 
Postponement:  [ 
  
  
]] 
[Fallback Reference Price  
[Cross Rate:[Applicable]  
Crossing Currency:  [  
 ] 
Cross 
Rate 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Number of Cross Rate Rounding Places: [       ]]] 
[Synthetic Currency FX Rate] [Specified Crossing 
Currency FX Rate 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [   
]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [   
 ] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
  
] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s): [   
] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [  
]] 
Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [  ]] 
[Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate:] 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [   
]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [   
] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
 ] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s):  [  
] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [  
] 
[Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [  ]] 
[Cross Rate Fallback: 
Fallback Crossing Currency: [   
]] 
Cross 
Rate 
Rounding: 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Cross Rate Rounding Places: [ ]] 
[Synthetic Currency FX Rate][Specified-Crossing 
Currency FX Rate 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [  ]] 
[FX Price Source Determination; [Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [  ] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
 ] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s): [   
] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [  
] 
Reciprocal 
Rounding: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [  ]] 
[Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate:] 
[ISDA Determination: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Settlement Rate Option: [  ]] 
[FX Price Source Determination: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
FX Price Source: [   
] 
Number of FX Settlement Days: [ 
 ] 
FX Settlement Business Centre(s): [       ] 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time: [      ]]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Reciprocal Rounding: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places: [      ]] 
(The above options to be placed in the specific 
order in which they are to apply) 
 
 (vi)  Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 [Maximum 
Days 
of 
Unscheduled 
Holiday Postponement: 
[ 
  
 ]] 
 
  
 Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 Applicable Events: 
[Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[and] 
[EM 
Valuation 
Postponement] [and] [EM Valuation Fallback 
Postponement] 
 
  
 Maximum 
Days 
of 
Cumulative 
Postponement: 
[ 
  
 ] 
 
 (vii)  Calculation Agent (for purpose of 
Condition 7(j) (if other than Fiscal 
Agent)): 
[ 
  
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent 
12.  Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13.  Date(s) of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[ 
 ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where new Order of the 
Lieutenant Governor in Council is required for the 
particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.  Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 (ii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[  ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing [   
] 
up to and including the Maturity Date] [adjusted 
for [payment day purposes only]5 [payment day 
and interest accrual purposes] 6  in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below]  [not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
 
 (iii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable]   
 
 (iv)  Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
  
 ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (v)  Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount]  [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (vi)  Broken Amount(s): 
 
[              ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  
] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (vii)  Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed)7 / 30E/360 / specify other] 
[Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise 
agreed.] 
 
 (viii) Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year [insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of long or short coupon.] [Not Applicable] 
 
[N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 (ix)  Calculation Agent: 
[[ 
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (x)  Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[ 
  
  
  
] 
15.  Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.  
 
 (i)  Specified Period(s): 
[                                       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (ii)   Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[                            ] [and [ 
]] 
in 
each year, commencing [ 
] 
[up 
 
5 Applicable to all Fixed Rate Notes.  
6 Potentially applicable to Notes denominated in HKD or RMB only 
7 Actual/365(Fixed) is applicable to RMB Notes

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
to and including [ 
][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below / , 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii)  First Interest Payment Date: 
[                                       ] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
specify other] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[                          ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/ 
specify other] 
 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent: 
[[ 
] shall 
be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
  
 Reference Rate: 
[                ] [              ] [EURIBOR / BBSW / 
specify other] 
 
  
  
 Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(the second T2 Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
  
  
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
 (ix)  ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
  
 Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
 ] 
 
  
  
 Designated Maturity: 
[ 
 ] 
 
  
  
 Reset Date: 
[ 
 ] 
 
 (x)  Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
 (xi)  Margin(s): 
[[+/–][ 
  
  ] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (xii)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[    
 ] per cent. per annum] [Zero per cent. 
per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ 
  
  ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
 (xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360]  
(See Condition 5(b)(iv) for definitions) 
 
 (xv)  Fallback 
provisions, 
secondary 
provisions and any other terms relating 
to the method of calculating Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
] 
16.  Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Accrual Yield: 
[ 
  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 (ii)  Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
 (iii)  Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable for Zero Coupon 
Notes which are Exempt Note: 
[ 
] 
 
 (iv)  Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) where Determination Dates 
are [  
]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17.  Notice period for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period:  [30] [ 
 ] days 
Maximum period: [60] [ 
 ] days 
18.  Issuer Call 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment 
day purposes only in accordance with the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention]] 
 
 (ii)  Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii)  If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
  
 (a)  Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
  
  
 (b)  Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[            ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (iv)  Notice period: 
Minimum period:  [15] [ 
 ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [       ] days 
19.  Investor Put 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i)  Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  
] 
 
 (ii)  Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount] [specify other / 
See Appendix]] 
 
 (iii)  Notice period: 
Minimum period:  [15] [ 
 ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [       ] days 
20.  Final Redemption Amount 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount] [100 per cent. of 
the Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount] 
[specify other / See Appendix]] 
21.   Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[[As per Condition 6(e)] [                ] per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[specify 
other 
/ 
See 
Appendix]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22.  Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after 
[insert Exchange Date] for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in Condition 
2.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after 
[insert Exchange Date] for Definitive Notes on [ ] 
days’ notice.] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in Condition 2.]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Registered Notes in definitive form] 
 
[European Permanent Global Registered Note  
([ 
 ] nominal amount) registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
[DTC 
Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note  
([ 
 ] nominal amount) registered in the name of 
a nominee for DTC]] 
(N.B.  The second option under “Bearer Notes”

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
5 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including (€199,000]"  
[specify other] 
23.  Global Record Date: 
[ 
 ] [Not Applicable] 
24.   (i) 
 New Global Note or Classic Global 
Note: 
[New Global Note] [Classic Global Note] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 (ii)  New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] [Not Applicable] 
25.  Payment Day Business Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] 
26.  Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which paragraphs 14(iii) and 15(v) relate.) 
27.  Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No] [Yes.  As the Notes have more than twenty-
seven (27) Coupon payments, Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than twenty-seven (27) Coupon payments are still 
to be made.] 
28.  Condition 7(g) (Payment in Alternative 
Currency): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph 
below) 
29.   Calculation Agent for purposes of Condition 
7(g) (if other than the Fiscal Agent): 
[[ 
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
30.  Calculation Agent for purposes of Condition 
7(i) (RMB Notes) (if other than the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[[ 
 ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
31.  RMB Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [   
  
 ] [Not Applicable] 
32.  Relevant Valuation Time for RMB Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [specify] 
33.  Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable] [specify other final terms]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Province of British Columbia 
 
 
By:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Euro MTF Market] [specify other relevant 
stock exchange] with effect from [insert date].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF Market] [specify other 
relevant stock exchange] with effect from [insert date].] 
 
[Tranche[s] [ 
] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to 
trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF 
Market] [specify relevant market] with effect from [ 
 
].]  (Insert in the case of a fungible issue if the original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.)  
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/have/is/are expected 
to be] [rated] [have not been rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp.: 
[       ]] 
[Moody’s Canada Inc.: [       ]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp.] 
[Moody’s Canada Inc.]] is not established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) nor the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings [[have been] [are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EU or UK 
registered credit rating agency] in accordance with the [EU 
CRA Regulation] [UK CRA Regulation].] 
 
 Please note that if an issue of Notes is not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA, or offered to the public in the 
EEA in circumstances requiring a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation the Issuer may elect to amend and/or delete 
certain of the paragraphs of this Part B.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
3.  INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement:] 
[“Save for any fees payable to the relevant [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The relevant 
[Managers/Dealer] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.”] [amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[                         ] 
 
 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to 
that stated in the Prospectus) 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
(ii)    Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) CFI Code: 
See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN 
(iv) FISN: 
See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN 
[(v)  [WKN or any other relevant codes:] 
[       ] 
(vi)  Any clearing system(s) including 
DTC (other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s), 
including CUSIP: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vii)  Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities 
depositaries 
(“ICSDs”) 
as 
Common 
Safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper, 
that are held under the New Safekeeping Structure for

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
registered global securities] [include this text for global 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as Common Safekeeper[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
Common Safekeeper, that are held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure for registered global securities] 
[include this text for global Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
 (ix)  Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
or 
Transfer Agent for the Series and if 
applicable a statement that it or they 
should be sole Paying Agent(s) or 
Transfer Agent(s) for the Series (if 
any): 
 
Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)  
6.  DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
 
[Syndicated] [Non Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
 
[Not Applicable] [                        ] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s)]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [give name] 
(v)  Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged products” and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) Rule 144A Resales: 
[Yes] [No] 
(viii) Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Accredited 
Investors under Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act 1933: 
[Yes] [No] 
(ix) Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
applicable 
or 
TEFRA 
Rules 
not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D Rules applicable] [TEFRA C Rules 
applicable] [TEFRA Rules not applicable] 
(x) 
Amended 
or 
additional 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] [specify] 
 
7. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
[ 
 
] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms or supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement will be 
attached to, endorsed upon or incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive 
Note. Part A of the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed on, or attached to, each temporary global Note, permanent global Note and definitive 
Note. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced 
to the extent described in such Drawdown Prospectus. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Province of British 
Columbia (the “Issuer”) with the benefit of a Fiscal Agency Agreement (the “Fiscal Agency 
Agreement”) amended and restated as of October 6, 2023 (as further amended from time to time) and 
made between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent” 
which expression shall include any successor as fiscal agent), principal paying agent, transfer agent 
and exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent”, which expression shall include any successor as 
exchange agent) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as registrar (the “Registrar”, which 
expression shall include any successor as registrar) and transfer agent, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. as co-registrar (the “Co-Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor as co-
registrar), and Credit Suisse AG as paying agent and transfer agent. The expression “Transfer 
Agents” shall include Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas; Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch; 
Credit Suisse AG and any additional or successor transfer agents. The expression “Paying Agents” 
shall include Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch; Credit Suisse AG and any additional or successor 
paying agents. Reference herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and 
shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination or Calculation Amount comprising or forming part of the Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency of the Notes, (ii) definitive Notes, and (iii) any global Note. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
As used herein, “Series” means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues 
expressed to form a single series with the original issue in accordance with Condition 18 and the terms 
of which (save for the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date and/or the Issue Price (as 
indicated as aforesaid)) are otherwise identical (including whether or not the Notes are listed) and the 
expressions “Notes of the relevant Series” and “holders of Notes of the relevant Series” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. As used herein, “Tranche” means all Notes of the 
same Series with the same Issue Date and Interest Commencement Date. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed hereon which completes these Terms and Conditions or, if the Note is a 
Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed hereon 
which supplements those Terms and Conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or in the context 
inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and Conditions for the 
purposes of this Note.  References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part 
A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provision thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  
References to the “applicable Pricing Supplement” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provision thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note and any

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
references in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a 
reference to the “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of Final Terms) are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in London, 
England (or by email upon production of proof of holding and identity satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) 
and from the Ministry of Finance in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. Copies of the applicable Final 
Terms will be available for inspection, subject as provided below, during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (or by email upon production of proof of holding and identity 
satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) and for collection without charge from the Ministry of Finance in 
Victoria, British Columbia.  In addition, copies of the applicable Final Terms in the case of Notes listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, in the case of Exempt Notes admitted to the Euro MTF 
Market, the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to Notes can be viewed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.  Copies of each Pricing Supplement relating to 
Exempt Notes will be available for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent (or by email upon 
production of proof of holding and identity satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) or for collection without 
charge from the Issuer by a holder of such Notes as noted above, save that in the case of Exempt 
Notes that are not listed, each Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection upon production 
of evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer, as applicable, as to the identity of such 
holder. 
The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”, which expression shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below), the holders of the Coupons (the 
“Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Euro” means the currency of the Member States of the 
European Union that have adopted the Single Currency in accordance with the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References herein to “RMB Notes” are to Notes denominated in Renminbi. References herein to 
“Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the 
“PRC”) which, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. 
Reference to “RMB Settlement Centre” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  If no RMB Settlement 
Centre is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be 
Hong Kong.  
1.  Form and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) 
in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denomination (the “Specified Denomination”) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in nominal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) higher integral multiples of at 
least 1,000 in the relevant currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Integral Amount”), 
notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above the Definitive Amount

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
in such currency. For the purposes of these Conditions, the “Definitive Amount” shall be equal to two 
times the lowest Specified Denomination minus the Integral Amount. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or any appropriate 
combination thereof, if so specified next to the “Interest Basis” paragraph in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) such other type of Note as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Notes in definitive form are serially numbered in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons 
for further coupons (“Interest Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Interest 
Talons or interest talons, respectively (collectively, “Talons”). Registered Notes are issued without 
Coupons or Talons attached. 
The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
“Register”) on which shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the holders of the 
Registered Notes and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered Notes. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon the registration of transfers in respect thereof in accordance with 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as described in Condition 3. Also subject as set out below, the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Co-Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents may deem and treat (i) the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Bearer Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph and (ii) the person in whose name 
a Registered Note is registered in the Register, as the absolute owner thereof for all purposes but, in 
the case of any global Registered Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a global Bearer Note or a European 
Permanent Global Registered Note, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or of Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) 
as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Co-Registrar and the Transfer Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than, save as specifically otherwise provided in the relevant global Note, 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as 
against the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Co-Registrar and the 
Transfer Agents, solely in the bearer or the registered holder of the relevant global Note in accordance 
with and subject to its terms and the Fiscal Agency Agreement (and the expressions “Noteholder” and 
“holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a DTC Permanent Global Restricted 
Registered Note, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Co-Registrar or any other Transfer 
Agent shall treat Cede & Co. or any other nominee appointed by DTC, as the sole owner or holder of 
such Notes for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Principal and interest payments, if 
any, on a global Note registered in the name of Cede & Co., or any other nominee appointed by DTC, 
will be made to the applicable clearing system as the registered owner or holder of such global Note. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other relevant 
clearing system) or DTC, as the case may be.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Co-Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in any global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
(including SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.  Definitive Certificates 
Beneficial interests in a permanent global Bearer Note will only be exchangeable in whole but not 
in part by the owners of beneficial interests in such global Bearer Note for definitive Bearer Notes, and 
beneficial interests in a permanent global Registered Note will only be exchangeable in whole but not 
in part for definitive Registered Notes, if such exchange is permitted by applicable law and (i) in the 
case of a permanent global Bearer Note deposited with the Common Depositary or a permanent 
global Registered Note registered in the name of the Common Depositary, if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, is closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or it announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 
days of the occurrence of any such event; (ii) in the case of a permanent global Registered Note 
registered in the name of Cede & Co., if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to 
discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the permanent global Registered 
Note, ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such and in any such case the Issuer is unable 
to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving such notice; or (iii) upon the occurrence of 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) and the relevant clearing system acting on instructions 
of any owner of a beneficial interest in the permanent global Note having requested in writing definitive 
Notes from the Fiscal Agent. In such circumstances, the Issuer will cause sufficient definitive Notes to 
be executed and delivered as soon as practicable (and in any event within 45 days of the occurrence 
of any of the circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above or the making of the written request 
described in (iii) above (the “Permanent Exchange Date”)) to the Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Co-
Registrar, other Paying Agents and/or other Transfer Agents, as the case may be, for completion, 
authentication and delivery, free of charge, to the relevant Noteholders. 
In the event that a permanent global Bearer Note is exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes, such 
definitive Bearer Notes shall be issued in Specified Denomination(s) and integral multiples of the 
Calculation Amount, if any, in excess thereof up to a maximum of twice the Specified Denomination 
less the Calculation Amount. Holders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts that 
are not at least the lowest Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the 
relevant Exchange Date, in order to effect such exchange, a nominal amount of Notes such that their 
holding is at least the lowest Specified Denomination. 
3.  Exchanges of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a)  Exchange, Transfer and Delivery  
Upon the terms and conditions set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and subject as provided 
in Condition 3(c), Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same aggregate nominal amount of 
Registered Notes of authorised denominations at the request in writing of the Noteholder and upon 
surrender of the Bearer Note to be exchanged (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
relating to it) to the specified office of the Registrar, Co-Registrar or the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent. Where, however, a Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
in Condition 7(c)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need 
not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Definitive Notes of one denomination 
may not be exchanged for definitive Notes of another denomination. 
A Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in the Specified Denomination(s) upon 
the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar, Co-Registrar or the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 3(b), each new Note to be issued upon an exchange of 
Notes or a transfer of Registered Notes will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar, Co-
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent, as the case may be, is located) of receipt of such request for 
exchange or form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the Note to such address as 
may be specified in such request or form of transfer. 
(b)  Formalities 
No service charge shall be made for registration or transfers of Registered Notes. Exchange of 
Notes will be effected free of charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Co-Registrar or 
the Transfer Agents. In the case of transfer or exchange, the Noteholder will be required to pay or give 
such indemnity as the Registrar, the Co-Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in 
respect of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
(c)  Closed Periods  
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or a Bearer Note to 
be exchanged for a Registered Note during the period of 30 days ending on the due date for any 
payment of principal on that Note. A Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged 
for a Registered Note which is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
4.  Status of Notes 
The Notes and the Coupons (if any) constitute legal, valid, binding, direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally with all unsecured indebtedness (other than unsecured subordinated indebtedness) of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding. Payments of principal of and interest on the Notes (including any 
additional amounts payable under Condition 10) will be payable out of the Consolidated Revenue 
Fund of British Columbia, except where payment is made from a sinking fund or by other means of 
repayment. 
5.  Interest 
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression “Interest Period” shall mean (i) the period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date; or (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to 
be calculated being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the 
day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of the scheduled final or 
early redemption of any Notes, shall be the date for redemption, and in other cases where the relevant 
Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, shall be the date on which such 
Notes become due and payable).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(a)  Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 5(a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
5(a) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest 
Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, any applicable Fixed Coupon Amount(s), any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Fixed Day Count Fraction, any applicable Determination Date and 
Additional Business Centre(s). 
(i)  Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum equal to 
the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date so specified if that does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date. Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date will amount to a Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
(ii)  Method of Calculation  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount has not been specified, such interest shall be the product of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount and the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction for such period, rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest cent (or its approximate equivalent sub-unit in the relevant Specified 
Currency), half a cent (or its approximate equivalent sub-unit in the relevant Specified Currency) being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In the case of RMB Notes or Hong Kong dollar-denominated Notes: 
(A)   
 where (x) there is not numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date 
shall be adjusted, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either for payment 
purposes only or, if Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, for payment and interest accrual purposes, in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and if no Business Day Convention is specified for such 
adjustment, the Modified Following Business Day Convention shall apply) where 
“Business Day” shall be as defined in Condition 5(b); and 
(B)  
 if Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, the Co-Registrar and to any stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, and for so long as the Notes 
are represented by a global Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, and 
to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. For the purposes 
of this Condition 5(a)(C), the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which banks and foreign exchange

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest per Calculation Amount payable for a period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount has not been specified. 
“Fixed Day Count Fraction” means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for the 
relevant period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) in 
accordance with Condition 5(a): 
(A)  if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
 (a)  in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Accrual Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
 
 (b)  in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
 
  
 (1)  the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
 
  
 (2)  the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;  
(B)  if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Accrual 
Period (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 
12 months of 30 days) divided by 360;  
(C) if “30E/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Accrual 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Accrual Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Accrual 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Accrual Period falls;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Accrual Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
 “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
(D)  if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Accrual Period divided by 365. 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, it means the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“sub-unit” means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means one cent. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
(b)  Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 5(b) applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
5(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify, as applicable any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified 
Period(s), the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business 
Centre(s), whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interests, 
the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent, the Margin, any 
maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and 
Relevant Screen Page. 
(i)  Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A)  the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)  if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. If a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(1)  in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2)  the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3)  the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4)  the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition 5, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A)  a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional 
Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if T2 is 
specified as an Additional Business Centre, a T2 Business Day (as defined below); and 
(B)  either (1) in relation to Notes denominated or payable in a specified currency other than 
euro or Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and which, if the relevant Specified Currency is Canadian 
dollars, Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Toronto, Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively), (2) in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro (a “T2 Business Day”) or (3) in relation to any 
sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the RMB 
Settlement Centre(s). 
(ii)  Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A)  ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the “2006 ISDA Definitions” as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1)  the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2)  the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3)  the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (or any successor or replacement rate) (“EURIBOR”), the 
first day of that Interest Period, or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The ISDA Definitions contain provisions for determining the applicable Floating Rate (as defined 
below) in the event that the specified Floating Rate is not available. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
When this subsection (ii) (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Payment Date: 
(1)  the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will be the Interest 
Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions as 
though determined under paragraph (vi) below; 
(2)  the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) determined by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with this sub-paragraph (A); and 
(3)  the Fiscal Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under sub-paragraph (iv) 
below if it has determined the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in 
the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B)  Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
 
 Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below: 
(1)  Where Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being EURIBOR, either: 
(X)  the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
(Y)  the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest rate, one only of 
such rates) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest rate, one only of such rates) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1)(X) above, no such quotation 
appears or, in the case of (1)(Y) above, fewer than three of such offered quotations appears, in each 
case as at such time, the Calculation Agent (or in the case where the Fiscal Agent is the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer) shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent (or in the case where the Fiscal Agent is the

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer) with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for deposits in the relevant Specified Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Tranche, for the relevant Interest Period to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent (or in the 
case where the Fiscal Agent is the Calculation Agent, the Issuer) with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent (or in the case where the Fiscal Agent is the Calculation Agent, the Issuer) with such 
offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent (or in the case where the 
Fiscal Agent is the Calculation Agent, the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the relevant Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent (or in the case where the 
Fiscal Agent is the Calculation Agent, the Issuer) with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at 
which, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer (or in the case where the Fiscal Agent is the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer only) suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent (or in the 
case where the Fiscal Agent is the Calculation Agent, the Issuer) it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone interbank market (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the 
Calculation Agent (or in the case where the Fiscal Agent is the Calculation Agent, the Issuer)) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
(2) Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “BBSW”, the 
interest rate applicable to the Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period is the Bank Bill Rate plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any).  
In this Condition “Bank Bill Rate” means, for an Interest Period, the rate for prime bank eligible 
securities having a tenor closest to the Interest Period, which is designated as the “AVG MID” on the 
Reuters Screen BBSW Page, at approximately 10:30 a.m. (Sydney time) on the first day of that 
Interest Period. 
However, if such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page by 10:45 a.m. (Sydney 
time) on that day, or if it is displayed but the Calculation Agent determines that there is an obvious 
error in that rate, Bank Bill Rate means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent having regard to 
comparable indices then available.  The rate calculated or determined by the Calculation Agent must 
be expressed as a percentage rate per annum and will be rounded up, if necessary, to the next higher 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001 per cent.).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
In this Condition 5: 
“BBSW” means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate.  
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the person responsible for calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European Union, as amended. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of (1)(X) above, those banks whose offered rates were 
used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page 
and, in the case of (1)(Y) above, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified herein or in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of 
providing a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace 
it on that information service or on such other information services, in each case as may be nominated 
by the person or organization providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of deploying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
(iii)  Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the following provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the following provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv)  Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount  
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum or Maximum Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms).  The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest 
Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be the product of 
the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the applicable Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Period, 
in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Notes for such 
Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
As applicable, the resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest cent (or its approximate equivalent 
sub-unit in the relevant Specified Currency), half a cent (or its approximate equivalent sub-unit in the 
relevant Specified Currency) being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (each such period a 
“Calculation Period”) in accordance with Condition 5(b): 
(A)  if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(B)  if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(C)  if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the last day of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, 366; 
(D)  if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(E)  if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; and  
(F)  if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(G)  if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v)  Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount  
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, Co-Registrar, any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and, for as long as the Notes are represented by a global Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, and to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (v), the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(vi)  Certificates to be Final  
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this paragraph (b), by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Co-Registrar the other Paying Agents, and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders or the Couponholders

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation 
Agent of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (b). 
(c)  Change of Interest Basis  
Unless Change of Interest Basis is stated as being “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, the interest basis for the Notes may change from fixed rate to floating rate, or floating rate to 
fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(d)  Accrual of Interest  
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue at the same rate until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note or, if earlier, the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 10). 
(e)  Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as 
it determines appropriate. “Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f)  Synthetic Currency Notes 
 
 Any amounts of interest payable on Synthetic Currency Notes are subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(j). 
(g)  Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
If the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall (i) use its reasonable efforts 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, or if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(h)(ii)) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread and (ii) determine, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(h)(iv)). 
In making such determinations, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(h) shall act in good faith. In the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(h). 
If:  
(i)  the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or  
(ii)  the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (and in either case, an Adjustment Spread),  
in each case, in accordance with this Condition 5(h) prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate 
of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this 
Condition 5(h)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(h)); or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(h) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement are

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, with the prior written consent 
of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent (as applicable) to the specific terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(h)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement to give effect to the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(h)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event and any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(h) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
an electronic copy of a certificate originally signed by the Issuer: 
(A) confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(h); and 
(B) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall, at its offices, make such electronic copy of such certificate available for 
inspection by the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(h), if in the Fiscal Agent’s or the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion (as applicable) there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(h), the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer 
shall direct the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) in writing as to which alternative 
course of action to adopt. If the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason outside of the control of the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable), the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall not incur any liability 
for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(h) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b), Condition 5(b)(ii)(A) 
and Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and 
until the Fiscal Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5(h)(v).  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
 
As used in this Condition 5(h): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(B) if no such formal recommendation in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate has been made by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or  
(C) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions under (B) above, the Independent Adviser 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) or  
(D) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate under (C) above, the Independent Adviser, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing, any such economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) shall be deemed 
to be sufficiently reduced or eliminated when the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be), after application of the Adjustment Spread determined by the 
Independent Adviser, results in a rate of interest as close as reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances to the Original Reference Rate as such Original Reference Rate would 
have, or is expected to have, normally functioned prior to the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event.  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(h)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(h)(iv). 
 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
(A) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(D) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or  
(E) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or  
(F) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended from time to time), if applicable),  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may 
be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (E) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(h)(i).  
“Original Reference Rate” means either (i) the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part(s) thereof) on the Notes or (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the 
Original Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(h). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark and screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark and 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark and screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark and screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark and screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
(i)  Interest Act (Canada) Disclosure  
For the purpose of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act (Canada), wherever any Rate of 
Interest to be paid under the Notes is to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days or any other 
period of time that is less than a calendar year, the yearly rate of interest to which such Rate of Interest 
is equivalent is the Rate of Interest multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in 
which the same is to be ascertained and divided by either 360 or such other period of time that is less 
than a calendar year, as the case may be. In the event such yearly rate of interest requires computing 
distinct Rates of Interest, such yearly interest rate shall be determined by multiplying a weighted 
average of such Rates of Interest, giving effect to the number of days elapsed in each Interest Period, 
by a fraction the numerator of which is the actual aggregate number of days forming part of such 
Interest Periods in which such yearly rate of interest is to be ascertained and the denominator of which 
is 360 or such other period of time that is less than a calendar year, as the case may be. 
The Issuer confirms that it fully understands and is able to calculate the effective annual rate of 
interest applicable to each Note based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided 
for in the paragraph above if applicable. The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, 
whether by way of defence or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to each Note, that the interest 
payable under each Note and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Issuer 
pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada). 
6.  Redemption and Purchase 
(a)  At Maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i)  in the case of a Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes where a Redemption/Payment Basis 
other than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)  in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which shall not be less than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Note), 
in each case in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(b)  Early Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, as a result of any change in the laws of Canada or any province, territory or political division 
thereof or the interpretation or administration of any such laws, which change becomes effective on or 
after the latest Issue Date of the Notes of this Series, the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
payment in respect of the Notes of this Series, be required to pay additional amounts as provided in 
Condition 10, the Issuer may at its option, having given not more than the maximum period nor less 
than the minimum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the holders of the Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Notes of this Series are Floating Rate Notes) repay all, but not some only, of the 
Notes of the Series each at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below, 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. Upon the 
expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes of this Series accordingly. 
(c)  Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 6(c) applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons), such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call”. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 6(c) for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount(s), whether partial 
redemptions are permitted, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the 
applicable minimum and maximum notice periods. 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
having given not more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the holders of 
the Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, some only of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. In the event of a 
redemption of some only of the Notes, such redemption must be of an amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount or not greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of definitive Notes, the Notes (or, as the 
case may be, parts of Registered Notes) to be redeemed will be selected individually by lot not more 
than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and a list of the Notes called for redemption will be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 30 days prior to such date. In the case of a 
partial redemption of Notes which are represented by a global Note, the relevant Notes will be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant clearing system, such partial redemption to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion. 
(d)  Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6(d) applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6(d) for 
full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount(s) and the applicable minimum and maximum notice 
periods. 
If and to the extent an Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not more than the 
maximum period nor less than the minimum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem (subject to, 
and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms) in whole (but not in part) 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. 
(e)  Early Redemption Amounts  
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above and Condition 11, Notes will be redeemed at an amount 
(the “Early Redemption Amount”) calculated as follows: 
 (i) in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
 (ii) in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be lesser or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Payment 
Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or if no such amount or manner is so specified, at their nominal 
amount; or 
 (iii) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) equal to 
the sum of: 
(A)  the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B)  the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable. 
 
 The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph (B) 
will continue to be made, after as well as before judgment, until the Reference Date unless 
the Reference Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
repayable shall be the nominal amount of such Note together with interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the Accrual Yield. Where any such calculation is to be made for a period of 
less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(f)  Purchases  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, the Issuer may at any time purchase or 
otherwise acquire Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto are surrendered therewith) in the open market or by private treaty at any price. 
Notes so purchased or acquired by the Issuer may be held or resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or Co-Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) for cancellation (together with, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes and 
any unmatured Coupons attached thereto). If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be 
available to all holders of Notes of the relevant Series alike. 
(g)  Cancellation  
All Notes redeemed shall be and all Notes purchased or otherwise acquired as aforesaid may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be cancelled (together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered or purchased therewith), and thereafter may not be resold or 
reissued.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(h)  Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 11 is not paid or available for payment when due, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Zero 
Coupon Note calculated as though the references therein to the date fixed for redemption or the date 
upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the 
date (the “Reference Date”) which is the earlier of: 
(1)  the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(2)  the date on which the full amount of the moneys repayable has been received by the Fiscal 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
(i)  Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount  
References herein to “Redemption Amount” shall mean, as appropriate, the Final Redemption 
Amount and the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Exempt Notes may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
(j)  Synthetic Currency Notes 
 
 All payments of principal on Synthetic Currency Notes are subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(j). 
7.  Payments 
(a)  Method of Payment  
Subject as provided below: 
 (i) Payments in a Specified Currency other than euro, U.S. dollars or Renminbi will be made 
by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of 
a payment in yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the relevant Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Toronto, Melbourne or Wellington, respectively). 
 (ii) Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
 (iii) In the case of Bearer Notes, where the relevant currency is U.S. dollars, payments will be 
made by credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee outside of the 
United States, or, at the option of the payee, by cheque drawn on a United States bank.  
 
 (iv) Payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in the RMB Settlement Centre in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement in Renminbi in RMB 
Settlement Centre).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
In no event will payment of amounts due in respect of Bearer Notes be made by a cheque mailed 
to an address, or by transfer or credit to an account at a bank located, in the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)).  Payments will be 
subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10. References to “Specified Currency” 
will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b)  Payments in respect of definitive Bearer Notes  
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against surrender of definitive Bearer Notes and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing (and in relation to payments in U.S. dollars only) payments in 
respect of the Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) only if: 
 (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount owing in respect of the 
Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
 (ii) payment of the full amount owing in respect of the Notes at such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions; and 
 (iii) such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Interest Talons) failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. 
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 10) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 14 or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due). Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due 
and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and 
repayable prior to its stated maturity date, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment, or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity 
Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid 
after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(c)  Payments in respect of definitive Registered Notes  
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes will be made by cheque in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the 
date (the “Principal Record Date”) that is the fifteenth day before the due date for the payment of 
such principal (or to the first-named of joint holders) against surrender of Registered Notes at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Co-Registrar or Registrar. Interest on Registered 
Notes will be paid to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the date (the 
“Record Date”) that is the fifteenth day before the due date for the payment of interest. Payments of 
interest on each Registered Note will be made by cheque in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above mailed to the holder (or the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at such holder’s address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar, Co-
Registrar or any Transfer Agent not less than 15 days before the due date for any payment of interest 
in respect of a Registered Note, such payment may be made by transfer in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, any such interest not so 
punctually paid or duly provided for may forthwith cease to be payable to the person in whose name 
the definitive Registered Note is registered on the Record Date and will be paid to the person in whose 
name the definitive Registered Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent Record 
Date. 
(d)  Payment of Accrued Interest on Redemption  
If the due date for redemption of any Note in definitive form is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from and including the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
(e)  Payments in respect of Global Notes  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of global Bearer Notes will be made in the 
manner specified above and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Bearer Note 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Bearer Note at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of such 
global Bearer Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made on such global Bearer Note by or to the order of the Fiscal Agent and such record shall be 
prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of global Registered Notes will be paid to 
the person shown on the Register on (i) the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC are open for business) prior to the 
relevant payment date or (ii) in the case of Notes denominated and payable in a currency other than 
U.S. dollars and represented by a global Registered Notes held in DTC or global Registered Notes 
held in both DTC and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or CDS, such other record date 
(the “Global Record Date”) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Payments of principal in respect 
of global Registered Notes will be made in the manner specified for payment of principal in (c) above 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Registered Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified office of any Transfer Agent. 
Payment of interest (if any) in respect of global Registered Notes will be paid by cheque in the manner 
provided in (c) above mailed to the person noted above at its address appearing in the Register.  A 
record of each payment made, whether against presentation or surrender of such global Registered 
Note or otherwise, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made in the Register and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question 
has been made.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Subject as provided in a global Bearer Note or a European Permanent Global Registered Note, 
(i) the holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid and (ii) each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, 
as the case may be, for that person’s share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order 
of, the holder of the relevant global Note.  
(f)  Payment Business Day  
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until either (i) if the Payment 
Business Day Convention is specified as Following Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, the next following Payment Business Day or (ii) if the Payment Business Day Convention is 
specified as Modified Following Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms, the next day 
which is a Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the holder shall be entitled to such payment on the immediately preceding Payment Business 
Day, and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of any such postponed payment. 
For these purposes, unless specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(x)  “Payment Business Day” means a day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
 
(A)  the relevant place of presentation (in the case of Notes in definitive form only); 
and 
 
(B)  any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(ii) if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
which is a T2 Business Day; and 
(iii) either (1) in relation to Notes payable in a specified currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant specified currency (if other than any Additional Financial Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and which, if the relevant Specified Currency is Canadian 
dollars, Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Toronto, Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively), (2) in relation to Notes payable in euro, a T2 Business Day 
or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, 
Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the RMB Settlement Centre(s); and 
(y)  “Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the additional financial centre(s) that are relevant 
to determining whether a day is a Payment Business Day, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(g)  Payment in an Alternative Currency 
 
Unless Condition 7(g) is specified not to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Issuer 
is due to make a payment in a currency (the “original currency”) other than euro or Renminbi in 
respect of any Note or Coupon and the original currency is not available on the foreign exchange 
markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the original currency’s replacement or disuse or 
other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, the Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of such payment by making payment in euro (the “Alternative Currency”) on the basis of the 
spot exchange rate (the “Euro FX Rate”) at which the original currency is offered in exchange for euro 
in the London foreign exchange market (or, at the option of the Issuer or its designated Calculation 
Agent, in the foreign exchange market of any other financial centre which is then open for business) at 
noon, London time, two Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if the Euro FX 
Rate is not available on that date, on the basis of a substitute exchange rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in its absolute discretion from such source(s) and at such time as it may 
select. For the avoidance of doubt, the Euro FX Rate or substitute exchange rate as aforesaid may be 
such that the resulting Alternative Currency amount is zero and in such event no amount of Alternative 
Currency or the original currency will be payable. Any payment made in Alternative Currency or non-
payment in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 
or trigger the Issuer’s indemnification obligation under Condition 17. 
For the purposes of Condition 7(g), “Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other 
entity specified as Calculation Agent in the applicable Final Terms. 
(h)   Interpretation of Principal and Interest  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
 (i) any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 10 in respect of principal; 
 (ii) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
 (iii) the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
 (iv) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
 (v) in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
 (vi) any premium and any other amounts (other than interest or amounts deemed to be interest 
as described below) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 10 in respect 
of interest or pursuant to any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor. 
(i) 
RMB Notes 
If the Issuer is due to make a payment in Renminbi in respect of any Note or Coupon, and if by 
reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be 
impracticable for it, to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
Notes when due in Renminbi in the RMB Settlement Centre, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
five or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, 
settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars (the “Alternative Currency”) on the due 
date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
Any payment made in under such circumstances in the Alternative Currency will not constitute an 
Event of Default under Condition 11 or trigger the Issuer’s indemnification obligation under Condition 
17.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified as Calculation Agent 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“CNY Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in the RMB Settlement Centre; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre; 
“Illiquidity” means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the RMB Settlement Centre 
becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to 
satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation 
with two CNY Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in the RMB Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside the RMB Settlement Centre or from an account inside 
the RMB Settlement Centre to an account outside the RMB Settlement Centre and outside the PRC, 
or vice versa, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes and it is impossible for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in the RMB Settlement Centre, London and in New York City; 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before 
the due date of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
“Relevant Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Spot Rate” means the spot/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of the Alternative 
Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the RMB Settlement 
Centre for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around the Relevant Valuation Time on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around the Relevant Valuation Time on the Rate Calculation 
Date as the most recently available Renminbi/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Rate 
Calculation Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC.  Reference to a page on the Reuters 
Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate; 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the Renminbi amount converted into the Alternative Currency 
using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6(i) by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(j) 
Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions 
 
(a)  Payments in Payment Currency 
 
If the Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable to the Notes (“Synthetic Currency Notes”), notwithstanding the Notes 
being denominated in the Specified Currency, all payments in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Payment Currency. The Calculation Agent will promptly determine on the Rate 
Calculation Date the amount to be paid in the Payment Currency by multiplying the 
Synthetic Currency FX Rate by the amount that would have been payable  (in the Specified 
Currency) were it not for this Condition 7(j), rounded to the nearest cent (or its approximate 
equivalent sub-unit in the relevant Payment Currency), half a cent (or its approximate 
equivalent sub-unit in the relevant Payment Currency) being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention, and the Calculation Agent will, as soon 
as possible after such determination (but in no event later than (i) two hours after such 
determination or (ii) such other time for such notification agreed by the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer) cause the amount to be paid in the Payment Currency to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Co-Registrar and, if the rules applicable to any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading so 
require, any such stock exchange, and for so long as the Notes are represented by a global 
Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, and to be published in accordance 
with Condition 15. Such payment shall be made on the date such payment would be 
otherwise payable were it not for this Condition 7(j), provided that, if the Rate Calculation 
Date is postponed in accordance with the provisions below, such payment shall be made 
the Number of Rate Calculation Business Days after the Rate Calculation Date (as so 
postponed). No additional interest shall be payable in respect of any such delay.  Condition 
7(f) shall apply to such payment. 
 
(b)  Synthetic Currency FX Disruption Provisions 
 
(1) Consequences of Disrupted Days 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Rate Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Synthetic Currency FX Rate in respect of such 
Rate Calculation Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback 
(applied in accordance with its terms). If “Unscheduled Holiday” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the references to “Rate Calculation Date” in the 
foregoing sentence shall be deemed to mean the Rate Calculation Date as postponed in 
accordance with Condition 7(j)(c)(1) below.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
(2)  Disruption Fallbacks 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent Determination 
 
“Calculation Agent Determination” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency 
FX Rate which is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, that the 
Calculation Agent will determine such Synthetic Currency FX Rate (or a method 
for determining such Synthetic Currency FX Rate) in respect of such Disrupted 
Day, in its sole discretion acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
 
(ii) Fallback Reference Price 
 
“Fallback Reference Price” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate 
which is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, that the Calculation 
Agent will determine such Synthetic Currency FX Rate in respect of such 
Disrupted Day pursuant to the alternate Settlement Rate Option(s) or FX Price 
Source(s), if any, specified as Fallback Reference Price(s) in the applicable 
Final Terms (in the order such Fallback Reference Price(s) appear in the 
applicable Final Terms, until a rate has been determined or all Fallback 
Reference Price(s) have been used). 
 
(iii) Currency-Reference Dealers 
 
“Currency-Reference Dealers” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX 
Rate which is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, that the 
Calculation Agent will request each of at least four leading dealers, banks or 
banking corporations which deal in the relevant exchange market (as selected 
by the Calculation Agent) to provide a quotation of its rate at which it will buy 
one unit of the Specified Currency in units of the Payment Currency at the 
applicable Synthetic Currency Valuation Time on such Disrupted Day. If, for any 
such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for 
any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates 
quoted by major banks in the relevant market, selected by the Calculation Agent 
at or around the applicable Synthetic Currency Valuation Time on such 
Disrupted Day.  
 
(iv) Other Published Sources 
 
“Other Published Sources” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate 
which is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, that the Calculation 
Agent will determine such Synthetic Currency FX Rate in respect of such 
Disrupted Day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit of the Specified 
Currency in terms of the Payment Currency published by available recognised 
financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent) other than 
the applicable Synthetic Currency FX Price Source, at or around the applicable 
Synthetic Currency Valuation Time on such Disrupted Day. 
 
(v) Postponement

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
“Postponement” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate, that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Rate Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day 
for such Synthetic Currency FX Rate, then the Rate Calculation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Synthetic Currency FX Business Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Synthetic Currency FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Postponement immediately following such Rate Calculation Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In that case: 
 
(A)   that last consecutive Synthetic Currency FX Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day may be a Disrupted Day); and 
 
(B)   the next Disruption Fallback specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such Synthetic Currency FX Rate shall apply. 
 
(vi) Yen Calculation Agent Determination 
 
“Yen Calculation Agent Determination” means, where the Payment 
Currency is Yen, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate by requesting each of the FX Reference Banks, to provide 
a quotation for the Synthetic Currency FX Rate. If five or four such 
quotations are provided as requested, after disregarding the highest of such 
quotations and the lowest of such quotations (provided that, if two or more 
such quotations are the highest such quotations, then only one of such 
quotations shall be disregarded, and if two or more such quotations are the 
lowest quotations then only one of such lowest quotations shall be 
disregarded), the applicable rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as the arithmetic mean (rounded to the nearest five decimal places, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the remaining such quotations for 
such rate. If only three or two quotations are so provided, then the Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded to the nearest five 
decimal places, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such quotations. If 
only one quotation is available, in that event, the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
may determine that such quotation shall be the Synthetic Currency FX Rate 
or, alternatively, the Calculation Agent can determine that the single 
quotation is not suitable. If the single quotation is not suitable or no such 
quotation is available or if the Calculation Agent determines in its sole 
discretion that no suitable FX Reference Bank which is prepared to quote is 
available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Synthetic Currency FX 
Rate in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(vii)  Cross Rate Fallback 
 
“Cross Rate Fallback” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate in 
respect of which FX Price Source Determination is specified to be applicable 
but Cross Rate is not specified to be applicable, that the Calculation Agent 
will determine such Synthetic Currency FX Rate as if Cross Rate had been 
specified to be applicable and the Crossing Currency were the Fallback 
Crossing Currency. 
 
(c) EM Currency Provisions 
 
(1)  Unscheduled Holiday 
 
If “Unscheduled Holiday” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate, and if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Rate Calculation Date is an Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate, then the Rate Calculation Date in respect of such Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate shall be the first succeeding Synthetic Currency FX Business 
Day which is not an Unscheduled Holiday, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such first succeeding Synthetic Currency FX Business Day has not occurred 
on or before the date falling the Maximum Days of Unscheduled Holiday 
Postponement immediately following such Rate Calculation Date. In that case, the 
next day after that period that would be a Synthetic Currency FX Business Day but 
for an Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date (such 
day, the “Adjusted Rate Calculation Date”). 
 
(2)  Additional Disruption Fallbacks 
 
In addition to the Disruption Fallbacks set out in Condition 7(j)(b)(2) above, the 
applicable Final Terms may also specify any of the following additional Disruption 
Fallbacks to apply in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate: 
 
(i) EM Valuation Postponement 
 
“EM Valuation Postponement” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency 
FX Rate (which term shall include, where the applicable Final Terms 
provides that the prior applicable Disruption Fallback is “Fallback Reference 
Price”, the Synthetic Currency FX Rate determined using the applicable 
Fallback Reference Price), that if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Rate Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate, then the Rate Calculation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Synthetic Currency FX Business Day which is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such Synthetic 
Currency FX Business Day has occurred on or before the Maximum Days of 
EM Valuation Postponement immediately following such Rate Calculation 
Date. In that case: 
 
(a)   the next Synthetic Currency FX Business Day after the EM Valuation 
Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted Day); and

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(b)   the next Disruption Fallback specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such Synthetic Currency FX Rate shall apply. 
 
(ii) EM Valuation Fallback Postponement 
 
“EM Valuation Fallback Postponement” means, in respect of a Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate (which term shall include, where the applicable Final 
Terms provides that the prior applicable Disruption Fallback is “Fallback 
Reference Price”, the Synthetic Currency FX Rate determined using the 
applicable Fallback Reference Price), that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Synthetic Currency FX Rate (as determined by reference 
to the applicable Fallback Reference Price) is not available (a) on the first 
Synthetic Currency FX Business Day following the end of the Maximum 
Days of EM Valuation Postponement (where a Synthetic Currency FX 
Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the Synthetic Currency 
FX Rate throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement) or 
(b) on the Adjusted Rate Calculation Date, then the Rate Calculation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Synthetic Currency FX Business Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
Synthetic Currency FX Business Day has occurred on or before the 
Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback Postponement immediately 
following such first Synthetic Currency FX Business Day following the end of 
the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement or the Adjusted Rate 
Calculation Date, as the case may be. In that case: 
 
(a)   the next Synthetic Currency FX Business Day after the EM Valuation 
Fallback Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Rate Calculation 
Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted Day); 
and 
 
(b)   the next Disruption Fallback specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such Synthetic Currency FX Rate shall apply. 
 
(3) Cumulative Events 
 
If “Cumulative Events” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate (which term shall include, where the 
applicable Final Terms provide that the prior applicable Disruption Fallback is 
“Fallback Reference Price”, the Synthetic Currency FX Rate determined using the 
applicable Fallback Reference Price), then the total number of consecutive 
calendar days during which such Rate Calculation Date is deferred due to the 
Applicable Events specified in the applicable Final Terms shall not exceed the 
Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement in the aggregate.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, if the Applicable Events are only specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
include an Unscheduled Holiday and an EM Valuation Postponement; “Cumulative 
Events” does not preclude postponement of valuation in accordance with EM 
Valuation Fallback Postponement to the extent it is also a Disruption Fallback 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Accordingly, if by the operation of the above paragraph, a Rate Calculation Date is 
postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Cumulative Postponement, then such Rate Calculation Date shall be the next 
Synthetic Currency FX Business Day after the Cumulative Longstop Date. If such 
date is a Disrupted Day or an Unscheduled Holiday, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Synthetic Currency FX Rate in respect of such Cumulative 
Longstop Date in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback. 
 
(d)  Definitions 
 
“1998 ISDA FX Definitions” means the 1998 ISDA FX and Currency Option Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and in respect 
of the Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes. 
 
“Adjusted Rate Calculation Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(c)(1). 
 
“Applicable Events” means any of (i) an Unscheduled Holiday, (ii) any EM Valuation 
Postponement or (iii) an EM Valuation Fallback Postponement (or any combination of 
such events). 
 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified as Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of Condition 7(j) in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Calculation Agent Determination” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(b)(2)(i). 
 
“Crossing Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no currency is so specified, U.S. Dollars. 
 
“Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate” means either: 
 
(i)   
if “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of the Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate, the Spot Rate or Settlement 
Rate (as applicable) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
FX Transaction governed by an ISDA Master Agreement which incorporates the 
1998 ISDA FX Definitions and under which: 
 
(a) the Settlement Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(b) the Rate Calculation Date is the applicable Rate Calculation Date; or 
 
(ii)   
if “FX Price Source Determination” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate, the exchange 
rate of the Crossing Currency into the Payment Currency (and, if the applicable 
Final Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for settlement in a number of 
FX Settlement Days equal to the Number of FX Settlement Days), which appears 
on the FX Price Source at approximately the applicable Crossing-Payment 
Currency Valuation Time on the relevant Rate Calculation Date, provided that if the 
exchange rate which appears on the FX Price Source is the exchange rate for the 
conversion of the Payment Currency into the Crossing Currency, the Crossing-
Payment Currency FX Rate shall be the reciprocal number (rounded, if Reciprocal 
Rounding is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of 
the Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate, to the Number of Reciprocal Rounding

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Places, with half of the relevant unit being rounded upwards) of such exchange 
rate. 
 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (i), “FX Transaction”, “Settlement Rate”, “Settlement 
Rate Option” and “Spot Rate” have the meanings given to them in the 1998 ISDA FX 
Definitions. 
 
“Crossing-Payment Currency Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no time is specified as such, the time selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
“Cumulative Events” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(c)(3). 
 
“Cumulative Longstop Date” means, in respect of any postponement by a number of 
days equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement, the last day of such 
postponement. 
 
“Currency” has the meaning given to it in the 1998 ISDA FX Definitions. 
 
“Currency-Reference Dealers” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(b)(2)(iii). 
 
“Disrupted Day” means any day on which a Synthetic Currency FX Disruption Event 
occurs. 
 
“Disruption Fallback” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate, Calculation 
Agent Determination, Fallback Reference Price, Currency-Reference Dealers, Other 
Published Sources, Postponement, Yen Calculation Agent Determination, Cross Rate 
Fallback, EM Valuation Postponement and EM Valuation Fallback Postponement. The 
applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate shall be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are 
specified, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, such Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified, such that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Synthetic Currency FX Rate cannot be determined by applying 
one Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified shall apply. 
 
“EM Valuation Fallback Longstop Date” means, in respect of any postponement by a 
number of days equal to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback Postponement, the 
last day of such postponement. 
 
“EM Valuation Fallback Postponement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
7(j)(c)(2)(ii) above. 
 
“EM Valuation Longstop Date” means, in respect of any postponement by a number of 
days equal to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement, the last day of such 
postponement. 
 
“EM Valuation Postponement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(c)(2)(i) 
above. 
 
“Fallback Crossing Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no currency is so specified, U.S. Dollars.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
“Fallback Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(b)(2)(ii). 
 
“FX Price Source” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency FX Rate or a Crossing- 
Payment Currency FX Rate or a Specified-Crossing Currency FX Rate, the price 
source(s) (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for such Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate or, if the relevant rate is not published or announced by such FX Price 
Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or page/publication 
for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
 
“FX Reference Banks” means (i) the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (ii) if any of the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms have 
ceased to exist or quote relevant rates or prices, whether because of merger or 
otherwise, those institutions specified that continue to exist and quote relevant rates and 
prices together with such additional number of institutions selected by the Issuer and 
notified to the Calculation Agent, as is required to increase the number of existing and 
quoting institutions to the number of institutions originally specified; (iii) if institutions are 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, five leading institutions in the relevant 
currency and foreign exchange markets selected by the Issuer and notified to the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
“FX Settlement Business Centre” means any financial centre relevant for the purposes 
of determining FX Settlement Days, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“FX Settlement Days” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in each FX Settlement Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of a relevant jurisdiction. 
 
“Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement” means the number of days specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback Postponement” means the number of days 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement” means the number of days specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Maximum Days of Postponement” means the number of days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Maximum Days of Unscheduled Holiday Postponement” means the number of 
calendar days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Non-USD FX Rate” means, in the case of currency linked notes, neither the Specified 
Currency nor the Payment Currency is U.S. dollars.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
“Number of Cross Rate Rounding Places” means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Number of FX Settlement Days” means, in respect of the Payment Currency, such 
number or amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Number of Rate Calculation Business Days” means the number of Rate Calculation 
Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places” means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Other Published Sources” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(b)(2)(iv). 
 
“Payment Currency” means the Currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
“Postponement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(b)(2)(v). 
 
“Principal Financial Centre” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(e). 
 
“Rate Calculation Business Centre(s)” means each business centre that is relevant for 
determining whether a day is a Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no business centre is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate Calculation Business Centre(s) shall be the Principal Financial 
Centres for the relevant currencies. 
 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the Rate 
Calculation Business Centre(s). 
 
“Rate Calculation Date” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date or other date on which an Early Redemption Amount or other amount is due, the day 
falling the Number of Rate Calculation Business Days prior to such Interest Payment 
Date, Maturity Date, or other date (as the case may be), provided that if such day is an 
Unscheduled Holiday (if applicable) or a Disrupted Day, the Rate Calculation Date shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 7(j)(b)(1) and/or Condition 7(j)(c)(1). 
 
“Specified-Crossing Currency FX Rate” means, subject to Condition 7(b), either: 
 
(i)  
if “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of the Specified-Crossing Currency FX Rate, the Spot Rate or Settlement 
Rate (as applicable) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
FX Transaction governed by an ISDA Master Agreement which incorporates the 
1998 ISDA FX Definitions and under which: 
 
(a) the Settlement Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(b) the Rate Calculation Date is the applicable Rate Calculation Date; or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
(ii)   
if “FX Price Source Determination” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the Specified-Crossing Currency FX Rate, the exchange 
rate of the Specified Currency into the Crossing Currency (and, if the applicable 
Final Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for settlement in a number of 
FX Settlement Days equal to the Number of FX Settlement Days), which appears 
on the FX Price Source at approximately the applicable Specified- Crossing 
Currency Valuation Time on the relevant Rate Calculation Date, provided that if the 
exchange rate which appears on the FX Price Source is the exchange rate for the 
conversion of the Crossing Currency into the Specified Currency, the Specified-
Crossing Currency FX Rate shall be the reciprocal number (rounded, if Reciprocal 
Rounding is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of 
the Specified-Crossing Currency FX Rate, to the Number of Reciprocal Rounding 
Places, with half of the relevant unit being rounded upwards) of such exchange 
rate. 
 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (i), “FX Transaction”, “Settlement Rate”, “Settlement 
Rate Option” and “Spot Rate” have the meanings given to them in the 1998 ISDA FX 
Definitions. 
 
“Specified-Crossing Currency Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no time is specified as such, the time selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
“Synthetic Currency FX Business Centre” means each business centre that is relevant 
to determining whether a day is a Synthetic Currency FX Business Day, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Synthetic Currency FX Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market), or but for the occurrence of a Synthetic Currency FX Disruption Event would 
have settled payments and been open for general business, either in each of the Principal 
Financial Centres in respect of the Synthetic Currency FX Rate or, if Synthetic Currency 
FX Business Centres are specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each such Synthetic 
Currency FX Business Centre. 
 
“Synthetic Currency FX Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(i)  
“Benchmark Obligation Default”, which means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Obligation, the occurrence of an event of default or other similar condition or event 
(however described), including, but not limited to: 
 
(a)  
the failure of timely payment in full of any principal, interest or other amounts 
due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) in respect of such 
Benchmark Obligation;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(b)  
a 
declared 
moratorium, 
standstill, 
waiver, 
deferral, 
repudiation 
or 
rescheduling of any principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of 
such Benchmark Obligation; or 
 
(c)  
the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of 
any principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of such Benchmark 
Obligation without the consent of all holders of such Benchmark Obligation. 
 
The determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default or 
other similar condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged 
lack of authority or capacity of the relevant entity to issue or enter into such 
Benchmark Obligation; 
 
(ii)   
“Price Materiality”, which means the Primary Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms differs from the Secondary Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms by at 
least the Price Materiality Percentage;  
 
(iii)  
“Currency Replacement”, which means a relevant currency ceases to exist and is 
replaced by a new currency in a relevant jurisdiction; 
 
(iv)  
“Dual Exchange Rate”, which means a Synthetic Currency FX Rate splits into dual 
or multiple currency exchange rates; 
 
(v)  
“Governmental Authority Event”, which means a Governmental Authority of a 
relevant jurisdiction has given public notice of its intention to impose any controls 
which are likely to materially affect the Issuer’s ability to hedge its obligations with 
respect to the Notes or to unwind any such hedge; 
 
(vi)  
“Illiquidity”, which means it is or becomes or is likely to become impossible or 
impracticable for the Issuer to obtain any currency or obtain or use the Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate in an appropriate amount; 
 
(vii)  “Inconvertibility”, which means the occurrence of any event that makes it or is 
likely to make it impossible and/or impracticable for the Issuer to convert one 
relevant currency into another through customary legal channels (including, without 
limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory 
rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of one 
currency into another currency); 
 
(viii)  “Non-Transferability”, which means the occurrence of any event in or affecting 
any relevant jurisdiction that makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or 
impracticable for the Issuer to deliver any relevant currency into a relevant account; 
and/or 
 
(ix)  
“Price Source Disruption”, which means it becomes impossible or impracticable 
to obtain a Synthetic Currency FX Rate on or in respect of a Rate Calculation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Rate Calculation Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
“Synthetic Currency FX Rate” means either: 
 
(i)   
if “Cross Rate” is not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable to 
such Synthetic Currency FX Rate: 
 
(a) 
if “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such Synthetic Currency FX Rate, the Spot Rate or 
Settlement Rate (as applicable) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an FX Transaction governed by an ISDA Master Agreement 
which incorporates the 1998 ISDA FX Definitions and under which: 
 
(I)  
the Settlement Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
 
(II)   the Rate Calculation Date is the applicable Rate Calculation Date; or 
 
(b)  
if “FX Price Source Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the Synthetic Currency FX Rate, the 
exchange rate of the Specified Currency into the Payment Currency (and, if 
the applicable Final Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for 
settlement in a number of FX Settlement Days equal to the Number of FX 
Settlement Days), which appears on the FX Price Source at approximately 
the applicable Synthetic Currency Valuation Time on the relevant Rate 
Calculation Date, provided that if the exchange rate which appears on the FX 
Price Source is the exchange rate for the conversion of the Payment 
Currency into the Specified Currency, the Synthetic Currency FX Rate shall 
be the reciprocal number (rounded, if Reciprocal Rounding is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of the Synthetic Currency 
FX Rate, to the Number of Reciprocal Rounding Places, with half of the 
relevant unit being rounded upwards) of such exchange rate; or 
 
(ii)   
if “Cross Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable to such 
Synthetic Currency FX Rate, the rate (rounded, if Cross Rate Rounding is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of the Synthetic Currency 
FX Rate, to the Number of Cross Rate Rounding Places, with half of the relevant 
unit being rounded upwards) that would be achieved by converting an amount in 
the Specified Currency into the Crossing Currency using the Specified-Crossing 
Currency FX Rate and then converting the resultant amount from the Crossing 
Currency into the Payment Currency at the Crossing-Payment Currency FX Rate. 
 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (i)(a), “FX Transaction”, “Settlement Rate”, 
“Settlement Rate Option” and “Spot Rate” have the meanings given to them in the 
1998 ISDA FX Definitions. 
 
“Synthetic Currency Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no time is specified as such, the time selected by the Calculation Agent. 
 
“Unscheduled Holiday” means, in respect of a day, that such day is not a Synthetic 
Currency FX Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a 
public announcement or reference to other publicly available information) until a time later

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
than 9:00 a.m. local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency two 
Synthetic Currency FX Business Days prior to such day. 
 
“Yen Calculation Agent Determination” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
7(j)(b)(2)(vi). 
 
(e)  Principal Financial Centres 
 
The “Principal Financial Centre” in respect of each Currency is the financial centre or 
centres specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if none is specified, the 
financial centre or centres indicated below with respect to such Currency:  
 
Currency  
Principal Financial Centre(s) 
Algerian Dinar  
Algiers 
Angolan Kwanza  
Luanda 
Argentine Peso  
Buenos Aires 
Australian Dollar  
Sydney and Melbourne 
Brazilian Real  
Brasilia, Rio de Janeiro or São Paulo 
Bulgarian Lev  
Sofia 
Canadian Dollar  
Toronto 
Chilean Peso  
Santiago 
Chinese Renminbi 
Beijing 
Colombian Peso 
Bogota 
Croatian Kuna  
Zagreb 
Czech Koruna  
Prague 
Danish Krone  
Copenhagen 
Currency  
Principal Financial Centre(s) 
Ecuadorian Sucre  
Guayaquil 
Egyptian Pound  
Cairo 
Ghanaian Cedi  
Accra 
Hong Kong Dollar  
Hong Kong 
Hungarian Forint  
Budapest 
Indian Rupee  
Mumbai 
Indonesian Rupiah  
Jakarta and Singapore 
Israeli Shekel  
Tel Aviv 
Kazakhstan Tenge  
Almaty 
Kenyan Shilling  
Nairobi 
Korean Won  
Seoul 
Kuwaiti Dinar  
Kuwait City 
Latvian Lats  
Riga 
Lebanese Pound  
Beirut 
Lithuanian Litas  
Vilnius 
Malaysian Ringgit  
Kuala Lumpur and Singapore 
Mexican Peso  
Mexico City 
Moroccan Dirham  
Rabat 
New Zealand Dollar  
Wellington and Auckland 
Nigerian Naira  
Lagos 
Norwegian Krone  
Oslo 
Pakistani Rupee  
Karachi 
Peruvian Sol  
Lima

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Philippine Peso  
Manila 
Polish Zloty  
Warsaw 
Romanian Leu  
Bucharest 
Russian Ruble  
Moscow 
Saudi Arabian Riyal  
Riyadh 
Singapore Dollar  
Singapore 
South African Rand  
Johannesburg 
Sri Lankan Rupee  
Colombo 
Sterling 
London 
Swedish Krona  
Stockholm 
Swiss Franc  
Zurich 
Taiwanese Dollar  
Taipei 
Thai Baht  
Bangkok and Singapore 
Tunisian Dinar  
Tunis 
Turkish Lira  
Ankara 
Ukrainian Hryvnia  
Kiev 
U.S. Dollar  
New York 
Venezuelan Bolivar  
Caracas 
Vietnamese Dong  
Hanoi and Singapore 
Yen  
Tokyo 
Zambian Kwacha  
Lusaka 
 
8.  Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Registrar, Co-Registrar, Transfer Agents, Calculation Agent 
and Exchange Agent 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial Registrar, the 
initial Co-Registrar, the initial Transfer Agents, the initial Exchange Agent and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. If any additional or other Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.  In 
acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the Co-Registrar, the other Transfer Agents and the Exchange Agent will act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations or relationships of agency or trust to or with the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. All funds received by these agents for the payment of the principal of or interest on 
the Notes shall be held in trust for the Issuer in a separate account or accounts from the time such 
funds are received until the time of actual payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the 
Fiscal Agent), the Registrar, the Co-Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Exchange Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other paying agents or transfer agents and/or another registrar, co-registrar or 
exchange agent and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent 
(including the Fiscal Agent), the Registrar, Co-Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Exchange Agent 
acts, provided that: 
(i)  so long as the Notes of this Series are Bearer Notes and are listed on any stock exchange, 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) having a specified 
office in each location as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
(ii)  so long as any Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a leading financial centre in continental 
Europe approved by the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(iii)  so long as any Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; 
(iv)  at any time Registered Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Co-Registrar 
(which may be the Fiscal Agent) in Luxembourg and, so long as any Registered Notes are 
outstanding and cleared through DTC, a Registrar and Exchange Agent in New York City; 
(v)  so long as the Notes of this Series are Registered Notes and are listed on any stock 
exchange, there will at all times be a Transfer Agent (which may be the Co-Registrar) 
having a specified office in each location as may be required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) and at any time Registered 
Notes are outstanding, in New York City;  
(vi)  if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(vii)  so long as any DTC Permanent Global Restricted Notes are outstanding and cleared 
through DTC, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 7(b). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 provided 
that no such variation, termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of 
insolvency) within 15 days before or after any Interest Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Issuer may (after consultation with the Fiscal Agent) appoint one or more additional paying agents 
or transfer agents (which it may also designate as the sole paying agent(s) or transfer agents(s), as 
the case may be, where required by applicable law or market practice) for a specific Series of Notes, 
who shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and whose appointment shall be of immediate 
effect without any further requirement to give notice to the Noteholders. 
9.  Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Conditions 7(b) and 14. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised 
in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
10.  Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Government of Canada or any province, territory or political 
division thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges is required by law or by the 
interpretation or administration thereof. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholders or Couponholders, as 
the case may be, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal or 
interest which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amount shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
 (i) to a Noteholder or Couponholder (or a third party on behalf of a holder) who is liable for 
such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of that person having 
some connection with Canada other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
 (ii) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on or before such thirtieth day; or 
 (iii)  as a result of any tax, assessment, withholding or deduction required by Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the “Code”), any 
current or future U.S. Treasury Regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”), 
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing 
FATCA, any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other 
jurisdiction to implement FATCA, or any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
(the “IRS”) under FATCA. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means: 
 
 (A)  the date on which such payment first becomes due; or 
 
 (B)  if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on 
or prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
11.  Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a)  Non-Payment: default is made for more than 7 days after the due date for payment of 
interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes, provided that it shall not be an Event of 
Default if the non-payment is due solely to administrative error (whether by the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, another Paying Agent, the Registrar, Co-Registrar or a bank involved in 
transferring funds to the Fiscal Agent or the Co-Registrar) unless payment is not made 
within three London Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(b)(v)) after notice of that non-
payment has been given to the Fiscal Agent by any Noteholder; or 
(b)  Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of 
its other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied 
within 30 days after written notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent 
at its specified office by any Noteholder. 
Any such notice by a Noteholder to the Fiscal Agent shall, in the case of definitive Notes, specify 
the serial number(s) of the Note(s) concerned. 
12.  No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Noteholder, any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude 
any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in 
addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or 
demand. 
13.  Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons) and 
the Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) (or such other Replacement Agent at such place 
as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer and notice of whose designation is given in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations, upon payment by the claimant of such expenses incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
14.  Prescription 
Subject to applicable law, each Note and Coupon will become void unless presented for payment 
within 2 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10) relating thereto. Any moneys paid 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Co-Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) for the payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and remaining 
unclaimed when the Notes or Coupons become void shall forthwith be repaid to the Issuer and all 
liability with respect thereto shall thereupon cease. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 14 or Condition 7(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7(b). 
15.  Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to these Conditions will 
be mailed by first-class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) airmail to the holders 
(or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses in the Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to these Conditions, save in the case of Exempt Notes where 
another means of effective communication has been specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
shall be validly given if published in one leading English language daily newspaper with circulation in 
London which is expected to be the Financial Times in London or, if this is not practicable, one other 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe as the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Fiscal Agent, shall decide. If and for so long as Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the 
official list of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of the 
Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) 
and/or in such other manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules and regulations from time 
to time.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published (if such publication is required) in 
a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed, including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice (other than to 
holders of Registered Notes as specified above) shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the first publication. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes 
listed on a stock exchange, the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority permit), so long 
as the global Note(s) is or are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg,

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
DTC or any other agreed clearing system be substituted for such publication in such newspaper the 
delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant clearing system for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes 
on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to the relevant clearing system. 
Notices to be given to the Issuer by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent. While any of the 
Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Fiscal Agent via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other agreed clearing system in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the relevant clearing system may approve for this purpose. 
16.  Modifications and Meetings of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Conditions, Notes, Coupons or Talons may be amended in 
writing by the parties thereto, without the consent of the Noteholders, Couponholders or Talonholders, 
for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision 
contained therein or in a manner which the parties may mutually deem necessary or desirable and 
which shall not adversely affect the interests of the outstanding Noteholders, Couponholders or 
Talonholders. Other amendments to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or to the Conditions, Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be approved by a meeting of Noteholders of the relevant Series in 
accordance with provisions concerning meetings of Noteholders contained in Appendix F to the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement. 
Pursuant to Appendix F to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Issuer may at any time, and upon a 
request in writing made by Noteholders of the relevant Series holding not less than one-tenth of the 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding at any time after any Note of the relevant Series shall have 
become payable owing to default shall, convene a meeting of Noteholders of the relevant Series 
(including at a physical location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or 
videoconference) or a combination of such methods). Any such request in writing by Noteholders of 
the relevant Series shall be made by lodging the same together with the relevant Note or Notes at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent.  
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments 
to the Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(h) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any 
other variation of these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Condition 5(h), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate pursuant to Condition 5(h)(v). 
17.  Currency Indemnity 
Save as provided in Condition 7(g) or 7(i), if, under any applicable law and whether pursuant to a 
judgment being made or registered against the Issuer or for any other reason, any payment under or in 
connection with the Notes is made or is to be satisfied in a currency (the “other currency”) other than 
that in which the relevant payment is expressed to be due (the “required currency”) under the Notes, 
then, to the extent that the payment (when converted into the required currency at the rate of 
exchange on the date of payment) falls short of the amount due under the terms of the Notes, the 
Issuer shall, as a separate and independent obligation, indemnify and hold harmless the relevant 
Noteholder against the amount of such shortfall. For the purpose of this Condition 17, “rate of 
exchange” means the noon spot rate on the London foreign currency exchange market on the 
relevant date to purchase the required currency with the other currency as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
18.  Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment 
of interest) so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes; provided 
that, if the further notes are not fungible with the outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, they will have a separate CUSIP number. 
19.  Governing Law and Enforceability 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal 
laws of Canada applicable therein. 
If an Event of Default should occur, proceedings may be brought against the Issuer in the 
Supreme Court of British Columbia and no governmental or other consent is required. There is no 
immunity from jurisdiction available to the Issuer in any proceedings in the Supreme Court of British 
Columbia brought in accordance with the Crown Proceeding Act (British Columbia) and within 
applicable limitation periods. Although any judgment obtained in such proceedings against the Issuer 
is not capable of being enforced by execution against the property of the Province of British Columbia, 
any final money judgment and costs awarded against the Issuer in any such proceedings are required 
to be paid out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund of British Columbia.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
HOW THE RETURN ON AN INVESTMENT IN NOTES SUBJECT TO THE 
SYNTHETIC CURRENCY ASSET CONDITIONS IS CALCULATED 
 
THE WORKED EXAMPLE PRESENTED BELOW IS A HYPOTHETICAL SCENARIO WHICH IS 
PROVIDED FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY AND IS IN NO WAY REPRESENTATIVE OF 
ACTUAL PRICING TERMS. THE EXAMPLE IS INTENDED TO DEMONSTRATE HOW AMOUNTS 
PAYABLE UNDER THE NOTES SUBJECT TO THE SYNTHETIC CURRENCY ASSET CONDITIONS 
ARE CALCULATED. THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE (IF ANY) WILL BE CALCULATED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH NOTES. 
 
Where the synthetic currency asset conditions in the Final Terms are stated to be ‘Applicable’, that 
series of Notes will be denominated in one currency (e.g. INR – the “Specified Currency”) but 
payable in another (e.g. USD - the “Payment Currency”). A number of different specified and payment 
currency options are possible, these currencies are: Algerian Dinar, Angolan Kwanza, Argentine Peso, 
Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Bulgarian Lev, Canadian Dollar, Chilean Peso, Chinese Renminbi, 
Colombia Peso, Croatian Kuna, Czech Koruna, Danish Krone, Ecuadorian Sucre, Egyptian Pound, 
Ghanaian Cedi, Hong Kong Dollar, Hungarian Forint, Indian Rupee, Indonesian Rupiah, Israeli Shekel, 
Kazakhstan Tenge, Kenyan Shilling, Korean Won, Kuwaiti Dinar, Latvian Lats, Lebanese Pound, 
Lithuanian Litas, Malaysian Ringgit, Mexican Peso, Moroccan Dirham, New Zealand Dollar, Nigerian 
Naira, Norwegian Krone, Pakistani Rupee, Peruvian Sol, Philippine Peso, Polish Zloty, Romanian Leu, 
Russian Ruble, Saudi Arabian Riyal, Singapore Dollar, South African Rand, Sri Lankan Rupee, 
Sterling, Swedish Krona, Swiss Franc, Taiwanese Dollar, Thai Baht, Tunisian Dinar, Turkish Lira, 
Ukrainian Hryvnia, U.S. Dollar, Venezuelan Bolivar, Vietnamese Dong, Yen and Zambian Kwacha. 
Prior to issue of the Notes, a payment of interest, or on redemption, the amount to be paid in the 
Specified Currency of the Notes will be converted into the Payment Currency using an exchange rate. 
This exchange rate is set shortly before each relevant payment and is calculated using the methods 
specified in the Final Terms. It should be noted that each of the specified payment and currency 
options will have different implications for holders of the Notes and the below is only an example of 
how one such option may look. 
 
If the Synthetic Currency Asset Conditions for a particular Final Terms specify that the exchange rate 
to be used should be determined by ‘ISDA Determination’ then the exchange rate for payment of 
interest will be calculated using a particular rate provided by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Rate”). The applicable Final Terms will also specify (i) what exchange rate 
provided by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. will be used, (ii) the person 
responsible for ascertaining such rate and (iii) the number of days prior to an Interest Payment Date on 
which the exchange rate should be calculated using the ISDA Rate. 
 
 
WORKED EXAMPLE 
Assumptions: 
● 
the Notes are denominated in INR (with a Specified Denomination of INR 1,000 and a 
Calculation Amount of INR 1,000); 
● 
the Notes are not redeemed or purchased and cancelled prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or redemption date (as applicable) and no relevant disruption event 
occurs.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
● 
the Final Terms specifies the Interest Basis to be ‘Fixed Rate’; 
● 
the fixed interest rate is 5.5 per cent. per annum; 
● 
there is one Interest Payment Date in each year (1 June) over the life of the Notes. The 
Notes were issued on June 1, 2017 and mature on June 1, 2037; 
● 
the Specified Currency is INR; 
● 
the Issue Price is 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount; 
● 
the Synthetic Asset Currency Conditions are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be 
‘Applicable’; 
● 
the Payment Currency is USD; 
● 
the Rate Calculation Date is May 30 in each year; 
● 
the Synthetic Currency FX Rate is determined by reference to ‘ISDA Determination’; 
and 
● 
the Redemption Basis is INR 1,000 per Calculation Amount. 
 
Issue Price: 
The Synthetic Currency FX Rate calculated on May 30, 2017 was INR1:USD0.02. 
The Issue Price of each Note in USD when issued was USD20.00. 
This figure is calculated as the Issue Price (100 per cent.) multiplied by the Calculation 
Amount of INR 1,000 (i.e. INR 1,000 x 100 per cent.) = INR 1,000. 
The Synthetic Currency FX Rate is then applied to produce the price of the Notes (i.e. 
INR 1,000 x 0.02). 
Interest Amount payable on 1 June 2027: 
The Synthetic Currency FX Rate calculated on May 30, 2027 was INR1:USD0.05. 
The Interest Amount payable on June 1, 2027 will be USD 2.75. 
This figure is calculated as the fixed interest rate of 5.5 per cent. multiplied by the 
Calculation Amount of INR 1,000, divided by the number of interest payments in a year 
(i.e. 5.5 per cent. x INR 1,000/1) to give INR 55.00. 
The Synthetic Currency FX Rate is then applied to produce the interest payment 
amount (i.e. INR 55.00 x 0.05). 
Amount payable on redemption: 
The Synthetic Currency FX Rate calculated on May 30, 2037 was INR1:USD0.01. 
The amount payable per Note will be U.S.$10. This is calculated by multiplying 100 
per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Note by the Synthetic Currency FX Rate (i.e.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
INR 1,000 x 0.01). This amount is 50 per cent. of the price per Note originally paid by 
the investor. 
This example demonstrates a situation where a Noteholder may lose some of 
its investment on redemption due to the fluctuations in the underlying 
currency exchange rate.  For further information see “Risks related to payment 
of Notes in an Alternative Currency or Payment Currency”.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be paid into the Consolidated Revenue 
Fund of British Columbia (in some cases after being exchanged in whole or in part for another 
currency) and may be used for the benefit of the Issuer or for the purpose of lending money to British 
Columbia government bodies.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER 
Introduction 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all dollar 
amounts are expressed in Canadian dollars. 
The fiscal year of the Issuer ends March 31. In this Prospectus, “2023/24” refers to the fiscal year 
ending March 31, 2024, and, unless otherwise indicated, “2023” means the calendar year ended 
December 31, 2023. Other fiscal and calendar years are referred to in a corresponding manner. 
In this Prospectus, statistics for the economy of the Issuer are set forth either on a calendar year 
basis or on a fiscal year basis as indicated in the relevant document.  Economic statistics for recent 
years frequently are estimates or preliminary figures which are subject to adjustment. Financial 
statistics for the Issuer are set forth on a fiscal year basis, unless otherwise noted. 
The Information appearing below is supplemented by the more detailed information contained in 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. See (a) and (b) of the section entitled 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
General Description of British Columbia  
British Columbia (the “Issuer” or the “Province”) is a province of Canada located on the Pacific 
Coast.  It has an area of 95 million hectares, or about 9.5 per cent. of Canada’s total surface area.  
More than one-half of British Columbia is covered by forests, which constitutes one of British 
Columbia’s major natural resources. The British Columbia coastline, which has many ice-free deep 
water inlets and ports, is approximately seven thousand kilometres in length. There are 1.8 million 
hectares of lakes and rivers throughout the Province. 
British Columbia is the third largest Canadian province in terms of population, which was 
estimated at 5.32 million persons on July 1, 2022. Vancouver is a major Canadian shipping, 
manufacturing and services centre. Victoria is the capital city of British Columbia. 
Debt Payment Record 
 
The Province has always paid in full the principal and interest owing under its direct and 
guaranteed debt obligations promptly when due, subject during wartime to any applicable laws and 
regulations forbidding such payments. 
 
Financial Statements 
The responsibility for the integrity and objectivity of the Summary Financial Statements for the 
Government of the Province of British Columbia rests with the government. The comptroller general 
prepares these financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for 
senior governments in Canada except as otherwise prescribed under section 23.1 of the Budget 
Transparency and Accountability Act (British Columbia). To the date of this Prospectus, the only 
alternative accounting standards and guidelines that have been prescribed (1) make the standards 
and guidelines applicable to the government as reported through its consolidated revenue fund apply 
to the taxpayer-supported organizations reported in its Summary Financial Statements and (2) 
continue regulated rate reporting standards and guidelines for British Columbia Hydro and Power 
Authority through the adoption in 2012 of United States Financial Accounting Board Accounting 
Standards Codification 980, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
The auditor general of British Columbia provides an independent opinion on the financial 
statements prepared by the government. The duties of the auditor general in that respect are 
contained in the Auditor General Act (British Columbia).

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
CREDIT RATINGS 
The Issuer’s current debt securities credit ratings received from a credit rating agency with which 
it has cooperated are as follows:  
Credit Rating Agency 
Long Term 
Short Term 
Outlook/Trend 
Moody’s 
Aaa 
P-1 
Stable 
Standard & Poor’s 
AA 
A-1+ 
Negative 
DBRS 
AA(high) 
R-1(high) 
Stable 
Fitch 
AA+ 
F1+ 
Stable 
 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s and AA by Standard & Poor’s. Notes issued 
under the Programme may, or may not, be provided a credit rating by a credit rating agency. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is provided a credit rating by a credit rating agency, such credit rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the credit rating assigned to the Programme. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency and each credit rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other credit rating.  
The information relating to credit rating systems below has been extracted from the websites of 
Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, DBRS and Fitch, as applicable. 
According to Moody’s credit rating system, obligations or issuers rated “Aaa” are judged to be the 
highest quality with minimal credit risk and issuers / obligations rated “P-1” have a superior ability to 
repay short-term debt obligations. 
According to Standard & Poor’s credit rating system, an obligor or obligations rated “AA” has very 
strong capacity to meet its financial commitments and an issuer / obligation rated “A-1+” has an 
extremely strong capacity to meet its financial commitments on its short-term obligations. “AA” differs 
from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree and the modifier “+” shows the relative 
standing within the rating category. “A-1+” is the highest issuer / obligation credit ratings assigned by 
Standard & Poor’s for short-term issue credit ratings. 
According to DBRS’s credit rating system, an obligor or obligations rated “AA(high)” has superior 
credit quality and the capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered high and unlikely 
to be significantly vulnerable to future events and an issuer / obligation rated “R-1(high)” (credit quality 
differs from AAA only to a small degree) has an the highest credit quality and the capacity for the 
payment of financial obligations is exceptionally high and unlikely to be adversely affected by future 
events on its short-term obligations.  “AA(high)” and “R-1(high)” are the second and highest issuers / 
obligations credit ratings assigned by DBRS, respectively. 
According to Fitch’s credit rating system, an obligor or obligations rated “AA” is of very high credit 
quality, indicating very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments and an issuer or 
obligation rated “F1+” is of the best quality grade, indicating the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments on its short-term obligations. The modifier “+” denotes an 
exceptionally strong credit feature.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
The credit rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme (and the credit 
rating agencies assigning such credit ratings, as well as their status under the EU CRA Regulation) 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA credit rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended). In addition, UK regulated investors are, in general, restricted under 
the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such credit ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an UK credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK registered credit 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).    
 
 None of Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, DBRS or Fitch is established in the EU or in the UK or 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. However, credit ratings issued by 
Moody’s, DBRS and Fitch are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., DBRS Ratings Limited and 
Fitch Ratings Limited which are established in the UK and registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Credit ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited which is established and registered in the EU, and is, as at the date of this Prospectus, 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website.   
 
 The ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  The list must be updated within five working days of the 
ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU 
CRA 
Regulation. 
 
The 
list 
is 
located 
on 
the 
ESMA’s 
website 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk   
Please note that the website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part 
of, this Prospectus.  Investors may suffer losses if the credit rating assigned to the Notes does 
not reflect the then creditworthiness of such Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT 
The Programme has been designed so that Notes may be held through one or more international 
and domestic clearing systems, principally, the book-entry systems operated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in Europe and DTC in the United States. Electronic securities and payment 
transfer, processing, depositary and custodial links have been established among these systems and 
others which enable Notes to be issued, held and transferred among the clearing systems across these 
links. Special procedures have been established among these clearing systems, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Registrar and the Co-Registrar to facilitate clearance and settlement of certain Notes traded across 
borders in the secondary market. Cross-market transfers of interests in global Notes may be cleared and 
settled using these procedures on a delivery free of payment basis. Cross-market transfers of definitive 
Notes may be cleared and settled in accordance with other procedures established among the Fiscal 
Agent, the Registrar and/or the Co-Registrar, as the case may be, and the clearing systems concerned 
for this purpose. Clearance and settlement procedures may vary according to the Specified Currency of 
the Notes. 
The relationship between the Issuer and the holder of a Bearer Note or a Registered Note is 
governed by the terms and conditions of that Note. The holder of a Bearer Note, other than any definitive 
Bearer Note that has not been deposited with a clearing system, and the holder of a Registered Note, 
other than a definitive Registered Note, will be one or more clearing systems. The beneficial interests in 
Notes in global form held by a clearing system will be in book-entry form in the relevant clearing system. 
Each clearing system has its own separate operating procedures and arrangements with participants or 
accountholders which govern the relationship between them and the relevant clearing system and to 
which the Issuer is not and will not be a party. The Issuer will not impose fees payable by any holder with 
respect to any Notes held by one or more clearing systems; however, owners of beneficial interests in 
Notes may incur fees in respect of the maintenance and operation of the book-entry accounts in which 
Notes are held. 
The Clearing Systems 
The following information concerning the clearing systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuer believes are reliable, but is subject to any changes to the arrangements between the Issuer and 
each of the clearing systems and any changes to such procedures that may be instituted unilaterally by 
any of the clearing systems. 
Euroclear. Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) was created in 1968 to hold securities for its 
participants and to clear and settle transactions between its participants through simultaneous electronic 
book-entry delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates 
and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities and cash. Euroclear includes various other 
services, including securities lending and borrowing, and interfaces with domestic markets in several 
countries. Euroclear is operated by Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System (the 
“Euroclear Operator”), under contract with Euroclear Clearance Systems S.C., a Belgian cooperative 
corporation (the “Cooperative”).   
The Euroclear Operator conducts all operations, and all Euroclear securities clearance accounts 
and Euroclear cash accounts are accounts with the Euroclear Operator, not the Cooperative.  The 
Cooperative establishes policy for Euroclear on behalf of participants of Euroclear (“Euroclear 
Participants”).  Euroclear Participants include banks (including central banks), securities brokers and 
dealers and other professional financial intermediaries and may include Purchasers. Indirect access to 
Euroclear is also available to others that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a 
Euroclear Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Securities clearance accounts and cash accounts with the Euroclear Operator are governed by the 
Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the related Operating Procedures of the Euroclear

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
System, and applicable Belgian law (collectively, the “Euroclear Terms and Conditions”). The Euroclear 
Terms and Conditions govern transfers of securities and cash within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities 
and cash from Euroclear, and receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in 
Euroclear are held on a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities 
clearance accounts. The Euroclear Operator acts under the Euroclear Terms and Conditions only on 
behalf of Euroclear Participants and has no record of or relationship with persons holding through 
Euroclear Participants. 
Distributions with respect to Notes held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash 
accounts of Euroclear Participants in accordance with the Euroclear Terms and Conditions. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) is 
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, Luxembourg holds 
securities for its participating organizations (“Clearstream Participants”) and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between Clearstream Participants through electronic book-entry 
changes in accounts of Clearstream Participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
certificates. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to Clearstream Participants, among other things, services 
for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and 
securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg interfaces with domestic markets in several 
countries. As a professional depositary, Clearstream, Luxembourg is subject to regulation by the 
Luxembourg Monetary Institute. Clearstream Participants are recognized financial institutions around the 
world including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is also 
available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Clearstream Participant either directly or indirectly. 
Distributions with respect to Notes held beneficially through Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
credited to cash accounts of Clearstream Participants in accordance with its rules and procedures. 
DTC. The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) is a limited purpose trust company organised under 
the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York 
Uniform Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for 
securities that its participating organizations (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also 
facilitates post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in 
deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct 
Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct 
Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, 
clearing corporations, and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, the National 
Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation; all of which are registered 
clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system 
is also available to others such as U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct 
Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, together with Direct Participants, 
“DTC Participants”). The DTC rules applicable to DTC and its DTC Participants are on file with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Transfers of ownership or other interests in Notes in DTC may be made only through Direct 
Participants. Indirect Participants are required to effect transfers through a Direct Participant. In addition, 
beneficial owners of Notes in DTC will receive all distributions of principal of and interest on the Notes 
from the Registrar through a Paying Agent and such Direct Participant. Distributions in the United States 
will be subject to tax reporting in accordance with relevant United States tax laws and regulations.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, and because beneficial owners holding through DTC will hold interests in the Notes through 
Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, the ability of such beneficial owners to pledge Notes to 
persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such Notes, 
may be limited. 
Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in immediately available funds. Beneficial interests in 
the Notes in global form will be credited to Euroclear Participants’ clearance accounts on the business 
day following the Issue Date against payment (value Issue Date), and to Clearstream Participants’ 
custody accounts on the Issue Date against payment in same day funds. 
Secondary market trading between Euroclear Participants and Clearstream Participants will occur in 
the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds 
in immediately available funds. Secondary market trading between Direct Participants will occur in the 
ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled in immediately available funds. 
Transfers Between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC of Registered Notes 
Transfers from a QIB holding an interest in a DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note to 
a Euroclear or Clearstream Participant will be made in accordance with the immediately following 
description if such transfer is made to the Issuer or to, by, through, or in a transfer approved by, a Dealer 
or upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor and transferee (in the form 
provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance 
with Rule 904 of Regulation S. See “Form of the Notes — DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered 
Notes”. 
When Registered Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Direct Participant to the account 
of a Euroclear or Clearstream Participant, the Direct Participant will transmit the relevant payment 
instructions to DTC at least two business days prior to the settlement date. The Euroclear Participant or 
Clearstream Participant will transmit the relevant receipt of payment instructions to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg at least two business days prior to the settlement date. Separate payment 
arrangements are required to be made between the DTC seller and the Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg purchaser, or their agents. One business day prior to the settlement date DTC will transmit 
trade instructions to the Registrar. On the settlement date, the Registrar will (i) decrease the quantity of 
Registered Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. and decrease the quantity of Registered Notes 
evidenced by the DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note(s) and will (ii) increase the quantity 
of Registered Notes registered in the name of the Common Depositary and will instruct the Co-Registrar 
to instruct the Common Depositary to increase the quantity of Registered Notes evidenced by the 
European Permanent Global Registered Note(s). On the settlement date such Notes will be credited by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to the Euroclear Participant’s or Clearstream 
Participant’s relevant account. 
On or prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering of a Series of 
Registered Notes and the date of settlement, Euroclear or Clearstream Participants may transfer 
beneficial interests in European Permanent Global Registered Notes to Direct Participants in accordance 
with the immediately following description if such transfer is made to the Issuer or to, by, through, or in a 
transfer approved by, a Dealer or upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor 
and transferee (in the form provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to a person reasonably believed to be a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. See “Form of the Notes — DTC Permanent Global

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Restricted Registered Notes.” After such 40th day, transfers of beneficial interests in European Permanent 
Global Registered Notes to Direct Participants will no longer be required. 
When Registered Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream 
Participant to the account of a Direct Participant, the Euroclear Participant or Clearstream Participant will 
transmit the relevant payment instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg at least two 
business days prior to the settlement date. The Direct Participant will transmit the relevant receipt of 
payment instructions to DTC at least two business days prior to the settlement date. One business day 
prior to the settlement date Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will transmit trade instructions to the 
Co-Registrar. In the case of “delivery free of payment” instructions, separate payment arrangements are 
required to be made between the DTC purchaser and the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg seller, 
or their agents. On the settlement date the Co-Registrar will (i) instruct the Registrar to decrease the 
quantity of Registered Notes registered in the name of the Common Depositary and will instruct the 
Common Depositary to decrease the quantity of Registered Notes evidenced by the European 
Permanent Global Registered Note(s) and (ii) instruct the Registrar to increase the quantity of Registered 
Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. and increase the quantity of Registered Notes evidenced by 
the DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note. On the settlement date such Registered Notes 
will be credited by DTC to the Direct Participant’s relevant account. 
Currency Conversion 
Payments for Notes 
Investors will be required to pay for Notes in the Specified Currency or, in the case of Synthetic 
Currency Notes, the Payment Currency (in an amount converted from the Specified Currency into the 
Payment Currency using an agreed exchange rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement). Each Dealer may, under certain terms and conditions, arrange for the conversion of the 
investors’ currency into the Specified Currency to enable investors to pay for the Notes in the Specified 
Currency. Each such conversion will be made by such Dealer on such terms and subject to such 
conditions, limitations and charges as such Dealer may from time to time establish in accordance with its 
regular foreign exchange practices, and subject to any applicable laws and regulations. All costs of 
conversion will be borne by such investors. 
Payments on Notes 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made in the currency or currencies specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Where one or more DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Notes are issued, the following 
arrangements will be made. Direct Participants holding a beneficial interest in a DTC Permanent Global 
Restricted Registered Note denominated in a Specified Currency, other than U.S. dollars (“DTC 
Noteholders”), will receive such payments in U.S. dollars, unless they elect to receive payments in the 
specified payment currency (provided that such election may only occur where the Global Record Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement is the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which DTC is open for business) 15 days (or such 
other period specified) prior to the Payment Date). Subject to the provisions set forth below, in the event 
that a DTC Noteholder shall not have made such election, where the specified payment currency is not 
U.S. dollars, payments to such DTC Noteholder will be converted to U.S. dollars by the Exchange Agent. 
The U.S. dollar amount in respect of any payment received by a DTC Noteholder not electing payment in 
the specified payment currency will be based on the Exchange Agent’s bid quotation, at or prior to 11:00 
a.m. (New York City time) on the second day on which banks are open for business in New York City 
preceding the applicable payment date, for the purchase of U.S. dollars with the specified payment 
currency payable for settlement on such payment date of the aggregate of the specified currency 
payment to all DTC Noteholders receiving U.S. dollar payments. If such bid quotation is not available, the 
Exchange Agent will obtain a bid quotation from a leading foreign exchange bank in New York City 
selected by the Exchange Agent for such purchase. If no such bids are available, payment of the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
aggregate amount due to all DTC Noteholders on the payment date will be made in the specified 
payment currency. All costs of any such conversion into U.S. dollars will be borne by the relevant DTC 
Noteholder by deduction from such payments. A DTC Noteholder may elect to receive payment of the 
principal of, or interest with respect to, the Notes in the specified payment currency by notifying its 
Participant as custodian for DTC, prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the third calendar day on 
which banks are open for business in New York City (a “New York Business Day”) following the 
applicable Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(c)) in the case of interest, and on the third calendar 
day following the applicable Principal Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(c)) in the case of principal, 
of (i) such holder’s election to receive all or a portion of such payment in the specified payment currency 
for value the relevant Interest Payment Date or final maturity date, as the case may be, and (ii) wire 
transfer instructions to an account entitled to receive payment in the specified payment currency with 
respect to any payment to be made in the specified payment currency. Such election shall be made by 
the relevant DTC Noteholder and any such election in respect of that payment shall be irrevocable. An 
Indirect Participant must notify the DTC Noteholder through which it is holding its interest in a DTC 
Permanent Global Restricted Registered Note of such election and wire transfer instructions prior to 5:00 
p.m. (New York City time) on the first New York Business Day following the Record Date or Principal 
Record Date, as the case may be. DTC will notify the Registrar of such election and wire transfer 
instructions and of the amount of the specified payment currency to be converted into U.S. dollars, prior 
to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth New York Business Day following the Record Date in the 
case of interest and the tenth calendar day prior to the payment date for the payment of principal. If 
complete instructions are received by the Direct Participant and forwarded by the Direct Participant to the 
Registrar, and by the Registrar to the Exchange Agent, on or prior to such dates, the DTC Noteholder will 
receive payment in the specified payment currency outside DTC, otherwise only U.S. dollar payments will 
be made by the Exchange Agent. Payments in the specified payment currency outside DTC will be made 
by wire transfer of same day funds in accordance with the relevant wire transfer instructions for value the 
relevant payment date. 
So long as any DTC Permanent Global Restricted Registered Notes are outstanding and cleared 
through DTC, the Issuer covenants that there will at all times be an Exchange Agent in New York City.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) amended and 
restated as of October 6, 2023 (as further amended from time to time) between the Dealers and the 
Issuer agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes and that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such agreement is 
subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, the Dealer(s) shall be entitled to be 
released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant 
Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme.  The Programme Agreement also provides that the Issuer may sell 
directly to third parties other than Dealers. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any 
of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 30 days’ 
written notice. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of the 
Notes subscribed by it.  The commission in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis only may 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The following is a description of the contractual and certain other restrictions applicable to the 
Programme: 
United States  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state or other 
applicable securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as such terms are defined under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an 
effective registration statement or in accordance with an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any state or 
other securities laws. Accordingly, where specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Registered Notes may be offered and sold in the United States only (a)(i) 
to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (ii) to 
Institutional Accredited Investors purchasing for their own accounts for investment purposes and not for 
distribution in violation of the Securities Act or (iii) in other transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act; and (b) in compliance with any applicable state or other securities laws. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the 
Notes in the United States. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer, whether or not participating in the offering, may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes will be offered and sold only outside the United States in accordance with Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. federal income tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meaning given to them by U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the “Code”), and U.S. 
Treasury regulations thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will identify whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules apply or whether TEFRA rules are not 
applicable.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
United States Purchasers’ Representations and Restrictions on Resale 
Each United States purchaser of Registered Notes pursuant to Rule 144A or Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act (a “U.S. Purchaser”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, to have 
represented, acknowledged and agreed as follows: 
(1)  (i)(a) it is a QIB and is acquiring such Registered Notes for its own account or as a fiduciary 
agent for others (which others also must be QIBs) and it has received such information about 
the Issuer as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A and it is aware that the sale to it is being 
made in reliance on Rule 144A, (b) it is acquiring such Registered Notes for a minimum 
purchase price of not less than U.S.$150,000 or the equivalent thereof and (c) it has not 
purchased the Registered Notes as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising 
(as defined in the Securities Act) or (ii) it is an Institutional Accredited Investor and (a) it is 
acquiring such Registered Notes for its own account or as a fiduciary or agent for others 
(which others also must be Institutional Accredited Investors unless the U.S. Purchaser is a 
bank acting in its fiduciary capacity) for investment purposes and not for distribution in violation 
of the Securities Act, (b) it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Registered 
Notes and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be 
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of purchasing such Registered Notes, (c) it is 
acquiring such Registered Notes for a minimum purchase price of not less than U.S.$150,000 
or the equivalent thereof, (d) it has had access to such financial and other information, and has 
been afforded the opportunity to ask such questions of representatives of the Issuer and the 
Dealers (and to receive answers thereto), as it deems necessary in connection with its 
decision to purchase such Registered Notes and (e) it has not purchased the Registered 
Notes as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising (as defined in the Securities 
Act); 
(2)  such Registered Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and, accordingly, are 
being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, and if such U.S. Purchaser decides to resell or otherwise transfer such 
Registered Notes at a time when the legend set forth below appearing on such Registered 
Notes has not been removed, then such Registered Notes may be resold or transferred only in 
principal amounts of not less than U.S.$150,000 or the equivalent thereof and only (i) to the 
Issuer or a Dealer, (ii) so long as such Registered Notes are eligible for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A, to a person it reasonably believes is a QIB acquiring the Registered Notes for its 
own account or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others must also be persons 
reasonably believed to be QIBs) to whom notice is given that the resale or other transfer is 
being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration provided 
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), (iv) in an offshore transaction pursuant to 
an exemption from registration provided by Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
(v) to an Institutional Accredited Investor acquiring the Registered Notes for its own account or 
as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others must also be Institutional Accredited Investors 
unless such transferee is a bank acting in its fiduciary capacity) for investment purposes and 
not for distribution in violation of the Securities Act, or (vi) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction; and 
(3)  until the legend set forth below has been removed from the Registered Notes, such U.S. 
Purchaser shall notify each transferee of Registered Notes from it that (i) such Registered 
Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, (ii) such Registered Notes are 
subject to the restrictions on the resale or other transfer thereof described in paragraph (2) 
above, (iii) such transferee shall be deemed to have represented as to the matters set forth in 
paragraph (1) above and (iv) such transferee shall be deemed to have agreed to notify its 
subsequent transferees as to the foregoing.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
In order to effectuate the restrictions on the resale or other transfer of Registered Notes in definitive 
form, if any such resale or transfer is proposed to be made (1) directly (i.e. not to the Issuer or a Dealer 
and not by, through, or in a transaction approved by a Dealer) by the holder of such Registered Note or 
(2) through the services of a broker, dealer or a similar intermediary other than a Dealer, pursuant to the 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A or otherwise in a qualifying 
transaction to an Institutional Accredited Investor or pursuant to Rule 904 of Regulation S, the holder and 
the prospective purchaser shall be required to complete the declaration on the definitive Registered Note 
or the transfer form in the form provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and deliver the definitive 
Registered Note or the transfer form to the Fiscal Agent to advise of the basis for such transfer and the 
availability of the exemption from registration provided thereby. 
Set forth below is the form of legend which shall appear on each Registered Note, subject to 
removal thereof with the consent of the Issuer. Such legend may be used to notify transferees of the 
foregoing restrictions on the resale or other transfer of Registered Notes. Additional copies of such notice 
may be obtained from the Fiscal Agent. 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH OTHER LAWS. THIS NOTE 
MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS OF NOT LESS THAN U.S.$150,000 OR THE 
EQUIVALENT THEREOF. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING OR ACCEPTING THIS NOTE, 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PROVINCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA THAT THIS NOTE MAY BE 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (1) TO THE PROVINCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA 
OR A DEALER UNDER THE PROGRAMME AGREEMENT, (2) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE 
FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 144A”), TO A 
PERSON THAT THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A, THAT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR AS A 
FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS MUST ALSO BE QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER 
IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), 
(4) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR THAT QUALIFIES AS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR”, AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (AN “INSTITUTIONAL 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR”), THAT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR AS A 
FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS MUST ALSO BE INSTITUTIONAL 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS UNLESS SUCH TRANSFEREE IS A BANK ACTING IN ITS FIDUCIARY 
CAPACITY) FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (5) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (6) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN 
EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. WITH RESPECT TO ANY RESALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (IF IN DEFINITIVE FORM) DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (2), (4) OR (5) 
ABOVE, THE REGISTRAR WILL REQUIRE THE SUBMISSION TO IT OF A DULY COMPLETED 
DECLARATION ON THIS NOTE OR A TRANSFER LETTER IN THE FORM PROVIDED IN THE FISCAL 
AGENCY AGREEMENT RELATING TO SUCH NOTE; PROVIDED THAT THE FOREGOING 
SUBMISSION SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED IF THIS LEGEND HAS BEEN REMOVED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT. BY PURCHASING 
OR ACCEPTING THIS NOTE, THE HOLDER HEREOF AGREES AND REPRESENTS FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE PROVINCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA TO HAVE MADE THE REPRESENTATIONS 
CONTAINED IN THE PROSPECTUS INCLUDING THAT (1) IT IS (A) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A) OR (B) AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR 
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS 
(WHICH OTHERS MUST ALSO BE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS UNLESS SUCH

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
HOLDER IS A BANK ACTING IN ITS FIDUCIARY CAPACITY) FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN EACH CASE, IT IS ABLE 
TO BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN INVESTMENT IN THIS NOTE AND (2) IT ACKNOWLEDGES 
THAT IT HAS NOT PURCHASED SUCH NOTE AS A RESULT OF ANY GENERAL SOLICITATION OR 
GENERAL ADVERTISING (AS SUCH TERMS ARE USED IN RULE 502(C) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT) AND (3) IT WILL NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE FROM IT OF THE RESALE AND 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION 
MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF NOTES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS 
OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE AND ANY BENEFICIAL 
OWNER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR 
PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, 
WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).” 
The legend set forth above may be removed (i) if the Registered Notes are being sold pursuant to 
clause 2(iii) above, by the delivery of an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Issuer that no 
such legend is required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act or state securities laws; (ii) if 
the Registered Notes are sold pursuant to clause 2(iv) above, upon the instructions of a Dealer in 
connection with any resale or other transfer to, by, through, or in a transaction approved by such Dealer 
or by the completion and due execution of the declaration to that effect on the Registered Note or a 
separate transfer form in the form provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; or (iii) if the Registered 
Notes are sold pursuant to clause 2(vi) above. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:   
(a)    the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)    a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II (as amended); or  
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or  
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b)    the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Relevant 
Member State, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant Member State: 
(a)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Purchaser or 
Purchasers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Purchaser to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing UK Securities Laws   
 
 Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree that: 
(i)   
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(ii)   
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(iii)   
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy 
The offering of any Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to 
represent and agree, that no Notes have been offered, sold or delivered, and will not be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) except: 
 
(1) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati) pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(2) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
May 14, 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of any Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (1) or (2) above must: 
 
(a) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 
of September 1, 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or other Italian authority. 
 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the subsequent distribution of 
the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. 
Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in 
the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or 
sell the Notes in The Netherlands other than to qualified investors, as defined in article 1.1 of the Dutch 
Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht), unless such offer is made in accordance with 
such Act. 
Japan 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”) has been made or will be made with respect to the 
Notes. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange 
and Foreign Trade Control Law (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Each Purchaser will be required to provide to the Issuer any necessary information relating to Notes 
denominated in or linked to yen (which should not include the names of clients) so that the Issuer may 
make any required reports to the Ministry of Finance of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
 
 Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that:

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
 (a)  it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) other than (i) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
 
 (b)  it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
The Republic of India   
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered, produced or published as an 
offer document (whether as a prospectus in respect of a public offer or information memorandum or 
private placement offer letter or other offering material in respect of any private placement under the 
Indian Companies Act, 2013, as amended, or any other applicable Indian laws and regulations), with the 
Registrar of Companies, the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other statutory or regulatory 
body of like nature in India by means of any document, and neither this Prospectus nor Final Terms, 
Pricing Supplement or any other offering document or material relating to the Notes have been or will be 
circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person or to the public in India in a manner which 
would constitute an advertisement, invitation, offer, sale or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or 
purchase any securities in violation of Indian laws and regulations. 
The People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that:  
(a) the Notes are not being offered or sold, and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in 
the PRC (for such purpose, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan) except as permitted by the laws of the PRC;  
(b) this Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the 
PRC; 
(c) no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of 
any Notes; and 
(d) neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in the PRC, except as permitted by the laws of the PRC. 
 
Each Purchaser shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory 
approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, any which 
may be required from the relevant PRC authorities, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, 
including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or outbound investment 
regulations. 
Singapore

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a)  a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)  a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(1)  to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
 
(2)  where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(3)  where the transfer is by operation of law; 
 
(4)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Belgium 
 
 Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that an 
offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer"), and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Macau 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that the Notes may not be promoted, distributed, sold or delivered in the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Macau”), or any document relating to the Notes 
be distributed or circulated in Macau, except under the terms of and in compliance with the Macau 
Financial System Act and any other laws in Macau that may apply to the offer and sale of the Notes in 
Macau. The Notes are not registered or otherwise authorised for public offer under the Financial System 
Act of Macau, thus may not be offered or sold in Macau, unless such offer is made by Macau licensed 
entities according to the Macau Financial System Act and upon their communication to the Macau 
Monetary Authority, in observation of the guidelines and recommendations issued by the Macau local 
regulatory authority from time to time. 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that the Notes may not be offered or sold in Taiwan through public offering or in circumstances 
which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Law of Taiwan. The Notes 
may only be made available for purchase outside of Taiwan by investors residing in Taiwan that are not 
otherwise prohibited from investing in the Notes. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not distribute this Prospectus or offer any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or 
to residents of Canada, in contravention of the securities laws of any jurisdiction of Canada. 
 
Switzerland  
(a)  Subject to paragraph (b), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will 
be required to represent and agree that (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (as amended, the “FinSA”), (ii) no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, (iii) neither this Prospectus nor the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and (iv) neither this Prospectus nor 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless (in each case (i) to (iv) and in respect of Exempt Notes only) 
otherwise stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(b)  The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or Purchaser(s) may agree in respect of any Notes that (i) 
such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA, and/or (ii) an 
application may be made by or on behalf of the Issuer to admit such Notes on a trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or 
Purchaser(s) comply with the applicable requirements of the FinSA in connection with such public offering 
and/or application for admission to trading, including, without limitation, any requirement to prepare and 
publish a prospectus in accordance with the FinSA, and the listing rules of the relevant trading venue in 
Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to agree, that it will (to the best 
of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus, any Final Terms, 
Pricing Supplement or any other offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Purchaser shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Purchaser will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser shall agree and as may be set out (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
These selling restrictions will be deemed to be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the 
relevant Purchaser(s) following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive and such amendments 
may be specified in a supplement to this Prospectus or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each other Purchaser will be required to acknowledge, that 
other than with respect to the listing of the Notes on the relevant stock exchange, no action has been 
taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Purchaser that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus, any Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or any other offering material, in such jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
CANADIAN INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is an overview, as of the date of this Prospectus, of the principal income tax 
considerations in Canada under the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the “Federal Act”) and in British Columbia 
under the Income Tax Act (British Columbia) (the “BC Act”) generally applicable to a holder of Notes who 
acquires such Notes, including entitlement to all payments thereunder, as beneficial owner, pursuant to 
this Prospectus, and who, at all relevant times, for the purposes of the Federal Act and any applicable 
income tax convention or treaty, is not resident, and is not deemed to be resident, in Canada and who 
does not use or hold, and is not deemed to use or hold, Notes in, or in the course of carrying on, a 
business in Canada and is not an insurer carrying on an insurance business in Canada and elsewhere (a 
“Non-Resident Holder”). 
This overview is based upon the provisions of the Federal Act, the BC Act and the regulations 
under those Acts in force on the date of this Prospectus, proposed amendments thereto in a form publicly 
announced prior to the date hereof (the “Proposed Amendments”) and counsel’s understanding of the 
current administrative and assessing practices and policies published in writing by the Canada Revenue 
Agency.  This overview assumes that all Proposed Amendments will be enacted in the form proposed.  
However, no assurances can be given that the Proposed Amendments will be enacted as proposed, or at 
all.  This overview does not take into account or anticipate any other changes in law, or administrative or 
assessing practices whether by legislative, governmental or judicial action, and does not take into 
account income tax considerations arising under the law of any country other than Canada or any 
province other than British Columbia or any income tax convention or treaty between Canada and 
another country.  Subsequent developments could have a material effect on this overview.     
In the event that the Canadian federal or British Columbia provincial income tax considerations 
applicable to particular Notes are described in a Drawdown Prospectus or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, relevant to such Notes, this overview will be superseded thereby to the extent 
indicated in such Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement.   
The Issuer is not required to withhold tax from interest or principal paid or credited, or deemed for 
the purposes of the Federal Act to be paid or credited, in respect of the Notes (including amounts on 
account or in lieu of payment of, or in satisfaction of, interest) to a Non-Resident Holder, including on a 
repayment, purchase or redemption of the Notes, unless, generally, all or any part of the interest paid or 
payable on the Notes (other than a “prescribed obligation” described below) is contingent or dependent 
on the use of or production from property in Canada or is computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash 
flow, commodity price or any other similar criterion or by reference to dividends paid or payable to 
shareholders of any class or series of a class of shares of the capital stock of a corporation 
(“Participating Debt Interest”).  A “prescribed obligation” is a debt obligation the terms or conditions of 
which provide for an adjustment to an amount payable in respect of the obligation for a period during 
which the obligation was outstanding which adjustment is determined by reference to a change in the 
purchasing power of money and no amount payable in respect thereof, other than an amount determined 
by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money, is contingent or dependent on the use of or 
production from property in Canada or is computed by reference to any of the criteria described in the 
definition of Participating Debt Interest. If any interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited 
on a Note is to be calculated by reference to an index or formula, such interest may be considered 
Participating Debt Interest and may, therefore, be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax. 
A Non-Resident Holder is not otherwise taxable on income or capital gains under the Federal Act or 
the BC Act in respect of the Notes or interest, discount or premium thereon.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
The overview of Canadian tax considerations above is of a general nature only and is not, 
and should not be construed to be, legal or tax advice to any particular holder of Notes. 
Prospective holders should consult their tax advisers for advice regarding the income tax 
considerations applicable to them.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
The following is an overview of certain material Luxembourg income tax consequences of 
purchasing, owning and disposing of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
possible tax situations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or deposit the Notes. It is 
included herein solely for preliminary information purposes and is not intended to be, nor should it 
construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to the applicable tax consequences of the ownership of the Notes, based on their particular 
circumstances. The following description of Luxembourg income tax is based upon the Luxembourg law 
and regulations as in effect and as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of this 
Prospectus and is subject to any amendments in law (or in interpretation) later introduced, whether or not 
on a retroactive basis. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, 
duty, levy impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses generally 
corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) levied at the standard combined 
rate of 24.94 per cent. and for companies established in the City of Luxembourg as well as personal 
income tax levied at progressive income tax rates (impôt sur le revenu). Corporate taxpayers may further 
be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) levied on a yearly basis at the rate of 0.5 per cent. up to 
a taxable basis of EUR 500 million and at the reduced rate of 0.05 per cent. for the portion of the net 
wealth exceeding EUR 500 million, as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax, net wealth tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are normally subject 
to personal income tax and to a solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well. 
Tax Residence 
 
 A holder of the Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by 
reason only of the holding of such Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of 
the Notes.  
Withholding Tax 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Under the Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, subject to very few exceptions, there is no 
withholding tax on payments of arm’s length interest and non-profit participating interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder. There is also in principle no 
Luxembourg withholding tax upon repayment of the principal, sale, refund or upon redemption or 
exchange of the Notes.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Resident Individual Noteholders 
Under the Luxembourg law dated December 23, 2005 as amended (hereafter, the “Relibi Law”), 
with respect to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, a 20 per cent. Luxembourg 
withholding tax is levied on interest payments or similar income made by Luxembourg paying agents to 
(or for the immediate benefit of) Luxembourg individual residents that are beneficial owners of such 
payments. This withholding tax also applies on accrued interest received upon disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of such Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is a Luxembourg resident individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the Relibi Law is assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the Relibi Law.  
Further, pursuant to the Relibi Law, with respect to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their 
private wealth, who are the beneficial owners of interest payments and other similar income made by a 
paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the European Union or of the 
European Economic Area may opt to self-declare and pay the 20 per cent. withholding tax on these 
payments (both operations are to be completed by the individuals at the latest on 31 December of the 
year following the tax year concerned). In such case, the 20 per cent. levy is calculated on the same 
amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg resident paying agents. The option for the 20 per 
cent. levy must cover all interest payments made by the paying agent to the Luxembourg resident 
beneficial owner during the entire civil year. 
Income Taxation of the Noteholders   
Non-Resident Noteholders 
 
 A non-resident Noteholder who has neither a permanent establishment nor a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable is not liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax (subject to what is stated in the withholding tax section above), whether he 
receives payments of principal, payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or realises 
capital gains upon redemption, repurchase, sale, disposal or exchange, in any form whatsoever, of any 
Notes. 
 
 Non-resident Noteholders (who are residents in a tax treaty country) who have a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable 
are in principle liable to Luxembourg income tax on any interest received or accrued, as well as any 
reimbursement premium received at maturity and any capital gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of the Notes and have to include this income in their taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the 
sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or 
book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Resident Individual Noteholders 
 
Holders of Notes resident in Luxembourg are taxed for income and possibly gains derived from the 
Notes depending on whether they hold the Notes in the context of carrying on an enterprise or in the 
context of managing their private wealth.  
 
 
 If held in the context of carrying on an enterprise, any interest income, whether paid or accrued, and 
any capital gain realised or foreign exchange gain, whether realised or accrued, derived from the Notes is 
subject to Luxembourg personal income taxes (income tax levied at progressive rates and municipal 
business tax). For Luxembourg resident individuals receiving the interest as income from their

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
professional assets, the 20 per cent. withholding tax levied in application of the Relibi Law is credited 
against their final tax liability. 
 
 An individual holder of the Notes acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
is subject to Luxembourg personal income tax in respect of interest received, accrued but unpaid interest 
in case of disposal of the Notes, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the Notes except (i) if a 
final withholding tax (20 per cent. see above) has been levied on such payments in accordance with the 
Relibi Law or (ii) the individual Noteholder has opted for the application of the 20 per cent. levy in full 
discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law (see “Withholding Tax” above). 
 
 Nevertheless, the following exemption may be applicable. Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, 
gains realised upon the disposal or redemption of the Notes by an individual holder of the Notes, who is a 
resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes and who acts in the course of the management of his private 
wealth, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided the sale or disposal takes place more than 
six months after the acquisition of the Notes and the Notes do not constitute Zero Coupon Notes. Gains 
realised by an individual holder of Zero Coupon Notes who acts in the course of the management of his 
private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes may have to include the difference 
between the sale (taking place at or before maturity), repurchase, exchange or redemption price and the 
issue price of a Zero Coupon Note in his/her taxable income. An individual holder of the Notes, who acts 
in the course of the management of his/her private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes, may further have to include the portion of the gains realised on the Notes corresponding to 
accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Notes in his/her taxable income. 
 
 Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable, have to include any interest 
received or accrued, as well as any gain realised on the disposal of the Notes, in any form whatsoever, in 
their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as 
being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid 
interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.  
Resident Corporate Noteholders 
 
Resident corporate holders of Notes are always deemed to hold the Notes in the context of carrying 
on an enterprise. 
 
As a result, fully taxable Luxembourg corporate Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg for 
tax purposes, must include any interest received or accrued, as well as any gain realised on the disposal 
of the Notes, in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.Taxable gains are 
determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued 
but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Resident Corporate Noteholders benefiting from a special tax regime 
 
 Luxembourg resident Noteholders benefiting from a special tax regime, such as (i) undertakings for 
collective investment governed by the amended law of December 17, 2010, (ii) specialised investment 
funds governed by the amended law of February 13, 2007, (iii) family wealth management companies 
governed by the amended law of May 11, 2007, or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds governed by 
a law dated July 23, 2016 treated as specialised investment funds, are tax exempt entities in the Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Notes, as well as gains realised thereon, are not 
subject to income taxes in their hands. 
Net Wealth Tax

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
 Luxembourg resident Noteholders, as well as non-resident Noteholders who have a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, 
are subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is (i) a resident or non-
resident individual taxpayer, (ii) an undertaking for collective investment subject to the amended law of 
December 17, 2010, (iii) a securitization company governed by the amended law of March 22, 2004 on 
securitization, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of June 15, 2004 on venture capital vehicles, 
(v) a specialized investment fund governed by the amended law of February 13, 2007, (vi) a family wealth 
management company governed by the amended law of May 11, 2007 or (vii) a reserved alternative 
investment fund governed by the law of July 23, 2016.  
 
A minimum net wealth tax (“MNWT”) of EUR 4,500 (increased to EUR 4,815 by the 7 per cent. 
solidarity surcharge or the employment fund) is levied on any company whose financial assets. 
transferable securities and cash deposits exceed 90 per cent. of its total balance sheet and EUR 
350,000. If the aforementioned threshold is not met, the amount of MNWT will depend on the total 
balance-sheet of the company at the closing of the preceding financial year and will then range from EUR 
535 to EUR 32,100. The MNWT also applies to vehicles benefiting from a favorable tax regime listed 
above under (iii), (iv) and the ones under (vii) having elected for the regime of an investment company in 
risk capital as referred to in the law of June 15, 2004 on venture capital vehicles as amended. 
Value added tax 
 
 There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments exclusively in 
consideration for the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the 
Notes or the price of the Notes in case of a transfer of the Notes. 
Other Taxes 
 
 There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by Noteholders as a consequence of the issue of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be 
payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or exchange of the Notes, unless the 
documents relating to the Notes are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or any of these documents is 
appended to a document (annexé à un acte) that must itself be legally registered or deposited in the 
minutes of a notary (déposé au rang des minutes d’un notaire). 
 
 No Luxembourg estate or inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a 
Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes 
at the time of his death. Where an individual Holder is a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes at the time of his death, the Notes are included in his taxable estate for inheritance tax 
purposes. Luxembourg gift tax (depending on the relationship between the donor and the donee) may be 
due on a gift or donation of Notes if the gift is recorded in a deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary 
or otherwise registered in Luxembourg.  
Automatic exchange of information 
 
 
The European Union Savings Directive (Council Directive 2003/48/EC) has been repealed as from 
January 1, 2016 to prevent the overlap with a new automatic exchange of information regime to be 
implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation, 
as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU (“DAC II”). DAC II establishes the Common Reporting 
Standard (“CRS”) and extends the automatic exchange of information to financial account information 
between European Union Member States. Relationships with non-European Union countries are ruled by 
means of multilateral agreements. Luxembourg, as a European Union Member State, has implemented 
DAC II and CRS in its national legislation by the Law of December 18, 2015 (the “CRS Law”). The CRS 
Law is in force since January 1, 2016.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
The CRS requires Luxembourg financial institutions to collect and report to the Luxembourg tax 
authorities’ information on financial accounts held directly or indirectly, by account holders that are tax 
residents in a CRS jurisdiction. The Luxembourg tax authorities will in turn communicate this information 
to the tax authorities in the country or countries in which each account holder is tax resident. Further, on 
May 25, 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Directive 2016/881/EU amending 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU extending the automatic exchange of information between tax authorities 
(Country by Country Reporting) and on December 6, 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted 
Council Directive 2016/2258/EU amending Council Directive 2011/16/EU as regards access to anti-
money-laundering information by tax authorities. Lastly, on 25 May 2018, the Council of the European 
Union adopted Council Directive 2018/822/EU amending Council Directive 2011/16/EU and imposing 
mandatory disclosure requirements on intermediaries and taxpayers in respect of certain reportable 
cross-border tax planning arrangements. 
 
The above overview relates to Luxembourg income tax considerations only and is of a 
general nature only. It is not, and should not be construed to be, comprehensive Luxembourg tax 
advice to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective holders should consult their tax advisers for 
advice regarding the Luxembourg tax considerations applicable to them.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, 
Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member 
States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
European Union Member States may decide to participate. 
 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 This section describes the principal U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to the 
ownership and disposition of the Notes to U.S. Holders (as defined below) that acquire the Notes at 
original issuance at their “issue price” and hold such Notes as capital assets within the meaning of 
section 1221 of the Code.  This section is based on the Code, its legislative history, existing and proposed 
Treasury regulations under the Code, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect.  
These laws may change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and could affect the continued validity of this 
summary.   
 
 This section does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to prospective 
purchasers in light of their particular circumstances or to prospective purchasers subject to special rules, 
such as: 
• 
a dealer in securities; 
 
• 
a trader in securities that elects to use a mark-to-market method of tax accounting for its 
securities holdings; 
 
• 
a bank; 
 
• 
a life insurance company; 
 
• 
a tax-exempt organization; 
 
• 
a person that owns Notes that are a hedge or that are hedged against interest rate or currency 
risks; 
 
• 
a person that owns Notes as part of a straddle or conversion transaction for tax purposes; or 
 
• 
a person whose functional currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar. 
 
 This section does not address the effects of any applicable state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, the 
potential requirement for certain taxpayers to conform the timing of income accruals with respect to the 
Notes to their financial statements for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 451(b) of the Code 
or any alternative minimum tax considerations. 
 
 This section deals only with Notes that are due to mature 30 years or less from the date on which 
they are issued.  The U.S. federal income tax considerations with respect to owning Notes that are due to 
mature more than 30 years from their date of issue will be discussed in an applicable pricing supplement.   
 
 This section does not address the consequences to U.S persons of investing in Bearer Notes. 
 
 If a partnership (including any entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes) holds Notes, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on 
the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership.  A partner in a partnership holding 
Notes should consult its tax adviser with regard to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment 
in Notes.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
 You should consult your tax adviser about the tax considerations relevant to purchasing or 
holding Notes, including the relevance to your particular situation of the considerations 
discussed below, as well as the relevance to your particular situation of state, local or other tax 
laws. 
 
 This section describes the U.S. federal income tax considerations for a U.S. Holder of purchasing 
and holding Notes.  You are a U.S. Holder if you are a beneficial owner of a Note and you are: 
• 
a citizen or resident of the United States, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 
• 
a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income purposes, created 
or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of 
Columbia; 
 
• 
an estate the income of which is taxable under U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; 
or 
 
• 
a trust if (1) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one 
or more U.S. persons are authorised to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) the trust 
has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
Payments of Interest 
 
 Except as described below in the case of interest on a Discount Note (as defined below) that is not 
qualified stated interest (see “—Original Issue Discount—General”), you will be taxed on any interest on 
your Note as ordinary income at the time you receive the interest or it accrues, depending on your 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Interest paid by the Province on the Notes 
and original issue discount, if any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under “—
Original Issue Discount”) constitute income from sources outside the United States for purposes of 
computing your U.S. foreign tax credit limitation, and generally will be considered passive category 
income, but could, in the case of certain U.S. Holders, be considered general category income. 
 
 Cash-Basis Taxpayers.  If you are a taxpayer that uses the cash receipts and disbursements 
method of accounting for tax purposes and you receive an interest payment that is determined by 
reference to a foreign currency, you must recognize income equal to the U.S. dollar value of the interest 
payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt. 
 
 Accrual-Basis Taxpayers.  If you are a taxpayer that uses an accrual method of accounting for tax 
purposes, you may determine the amount of income that you recognize with respect to an interest 
payment determined by reference to a foreign currency by using one of two methods.  Under the first 
method, you would determine the amount of income accrued based on the average exchange rate in 
effect during the interest accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable 
years, that part of the period within the taxable year). 
 
 If you elect the second method, you will determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of 
the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that 
spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the 
taxable year).  Additionally, under this second method, if you receive a payment of interest within five 
business days of the last day of your accrual period or taxable year, you may instead translate the 
interest accrued into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day that you actually receive the 
interest payment.  If you elect the second method, it will apply to all debt instruments that you own at the 
beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies and to all debt instruments that you 
thereafter acquire.  You may not revoke this election without the consent of the IRS.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
 When you actually receive an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but 
unpaid interest upon the sale or other disposition of your Note) determined by reference to a foreign 
currency for which you accrued an amount of income, you will recognize ordinary income or loss 
measured by the difference, if any, between the exchange rate that you used to accrue interest income 
and the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt.  If, as a result, you recognize a loss above certain 
thresholds, you may be subject to certain reporting requirements. 
Original Issue Discount 
 
 General.  If you own a Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term 
Note”), it will be treated as issued at an original issue discount (“OID”) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes (a “Discount Note”) if the amount by which the Note’s stated redemption price on the maturity 
date exceeds its issue price is more than a de minimis amount (as described below).  Generally, a Note’s 
issue price will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of which the 
Note is a part are sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or organizations 
acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers.  A Note’s stated redemption 
price at maturity is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of qualified stated 
interest.  Generally, an interest payment on a Note is qualified stated interest if it is one of a series of 
stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate 
(with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods) applied to the outstanding principal 
amount of the Note.  There are special rules for variable rate Notes as discussed below in “—Variable 
Rate Notes.” 
 
 In general, your Note is not a Discount Note if the amount by which its stated redemption price at 
maturity exceeds its issue price is less than ¼ of 1 per cent. of its stated redemption price on the maturity 
date multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity (the de minimis amount).  Your Note will 
have de minimis OID if the amount of the excess is less than the de minimis amount.  If your Note has de 
minimis OID, you must include the de minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made 
on the Note, unless you make the election described below under “Election to Treat All Interest as 
Original Issue Discount.”  You can determine the includible amount with respect to each payment by 
multiplying the total amount of your Note’s de minimis OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the 
principal payment made divided by the stated principal amount of the Note. 
 
 Inclusion of Original Issue Discount in Income.  Generally, if you hold a Discount Note, you must 
include OID in income before you receive cash attributable to that income.  The amount of OID that you 
must include in income is calculated using a constant-yield method, and generally you will include 
increasingly greater amounts of OID in income over the life of your Discount Note.  More specifically, you 
can calculate the amount of OID that you must include in income by adding the daily portions of OID with 
respect to your Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year that you 
own your Discount Note (“Accrued OID”).  You can determine the daily portion by allocating to each day 
in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period.  You may select an 
accrual period of any length with respect to your Discount Note and you may vary the length of each 
accrual period over the term of your Discount Note.  However, no accrual period may be longer than one 
year and each scheduled payment of interest or principal on your Discount Note must occur on either the 
first or final day of an accrual period. 
 
 You can determine the amount of OID allocable to an accrual period by: 
• 
multiplying your Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period by 
your Note’s yield to maturity; and then 
 
• 
subtracting from this figure the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on your Note 
allocable to the accrual period.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
 You must determine the Discount Note’s yield to maturity on the basis of compounding at the close 
of each accrual period and adjusting for the length of each accrual period.  Further, you determine your 
Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of any accrual period by: 
• 
adding your Discount Note’s issue price and any Accrued OID for each prior accrual period; and 
then 
 
• 
subtracting any payments previously made on your Discount Note that were not qualified stated 
interest payments. 
 
 If an interval between payments of qualified stated interest on your Discount Note contains more 
than one accrual period, then, when you determine the amount of OID allocable to an accrual period, you 
must allocate the amount of qualified stated interest payable at the end of the interval, including any 
qualified stated interest that is payable on the first day of the accrual period immediately following the 
interval, pro rata to each accrual period in the interval based on their relative lengths.  In addition, you 
must increase the adjusted issue price at the beginning of each accrual period in the interval by the 
amount of any qualified stated interest that has accrued prior to the first day of the accrual period but that 
is not payable until the end of the interval.  You may compute the amount of OID allocable to an initial 
short accrual period by using any reasonable method if all other accrual periods, other than a final short 
accrual period, are of equal length. 
 
 The amount of OID allocable to the final accrual period is equal to the difference between: 
• 
the amount payable at maturity of your Note (other than any payment of qualified stated interest); 
and 
 
• 
your Note’s adjusted issue price as of the beginning of the final accrual period. 
 
 Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest.  You may treat the issue price of your Note as being decreased by 
the amount of pre-issuance accrued interest if: 
• 
a portion of the initial purchase price of your Note is attributable to pre-issuance accrued interest; 
 
• 
the first stated interest payment on your Note is to be made within one year of your Note’s issue 
date; and 
 
• 
the payment will equal or exceed the amount of pre-issuance accrued interest. 
 
 Under this treatment, a portion of the first stated interest payment would be treated as a return of 
the excluded pre-issuance accrued interest and not as an amount payable on your Note. 
 
 Notes Subject to Contingencies, Including Optional Redemption.  Your Note is subject to a 
contingency if it provides for an alternative payment schedule or schedules applicable upon the 
occurrence of a contingency or contingencies, other than a remote or incidental contingency, whether that 
contingency relates to payments of interest or of principal.  In that case, you must determine the yield and 
maturity of your Note by assuming that the payments will be made according to the payment schedule 
most likely to occur if: 
• 
the timing and amounts of the payments that compose each payment schedule are known as of 
the issue date; and 
 
• 
one of the schedules is significantly more likely than not to occur.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
 If there is no single payment schedule that is significantly more likely than not to occur, other than 
because of a mandatory sinking fund, you must include income on your Note according to the general 
rules that govern contingent payment obligations.  These rules will be discussed in the applicable pricing 
supplement. 
 
 Notwithstanding the general rules for determining yield and maturity, if your Note is subject to 
contingencies, and either you or we have an unconditional option or options that, if exercised, would 
require payments to be made on the Note under an alternative payment schedule or schedules, then: 
• 
in the case of an option or options that we may exercise, we will be deemed to exercise or not 
exercise an option or combination of options in the manner that minimizes the yield on your Note; 
and 
 
• 
in the case of an option or options that you may exercise, you will be deemed to exercise or not 
exercise an option or combination of options in the manner that maximizes the yield on your 
Note. 
 
 If both you and we hold options described in the preceding sentence, those rules will apply to each 
option in the order in which they may be exercised. 
 
 If a contingency, including the exercise of an option, actually occurs or does not occur, contrary to 
an assumption made according to the above rules, then, except to the extent that a portion of your Note 
is repaid as a result of this change in circumstances and solely to determine the amount and accrual of 
OID, you must redetermine the yield and maturity of your Note by treating your Note as having been 
retired and reissued on the date of the change in circumstances for an amount equal to your Note’s 
adjusted issue price on that date. 
 
 Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount.  You may elect to include in gross income all 
interest that accrues on your Note using the constant-yield method described above under the heading 
“Original Issue Discount—Inclusion of Original Issue Discount in Income,” with the modifications 
described below.  For purposes of this election, interest will include stated interest, OID, de minimis OID 
and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortizable bond premium (described below under “—Notes 
Purchased at a Premium”). 
 
 If you make this election for your Note, then, when you apply the constant-yield method: 
• the issue price of your Note will equal your cost; 
 
• the issue date of your Note will be the date you acquired it; and 
 
• no payments on your Note will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest. 
 
 Generally, this election will apply only to the Note for which you make the election unless the Note 
has amortizable bond premium.  If the Note has amortizable bond premium, you will be deemed to have 
elected to apply amortizable bond premium against interest for all debt instruments with amortizable bond 
premium, other than debt instruments the interest on which is excludible from gross income, that you own 
as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election applies or any taxable year thereafter.  You 
may not revoke any election to apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a Note or the deemed 
elections with respect to amortizable bond premium without the consent of the IRS.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
 Variable Rate Notes.  Your Note will be a variable rate Note if: 
• 
your Note’s issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments by more 
than the lesser of: 
- 
0.015 multiplied by the product of the total non-contingent principal payments and the 
number of complete years to maturity from the issue date; and 
 
 - 
15 per cent. of the total non-contingent principal payments; 
• 
your Note provides for stated interest (compounded or paid at least annually) only at: 
- 
one or more qualified floating rates; 
 
- 
a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates; 
 
- 
a single objective rate; or 
 
- 
a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate; and 
• 
your Note satisfies certain other conditions, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations. 
 
 Your Note will have a variable rate that is a qualified floating rate if the value of the rate on any date 
during the term of your Note is set no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is 
in effect and no later than one year following that first day, and the rate is described in either of the two 
bullets below: 
• 
variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous 
variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which your Note is denominated; 
or 
• 
the rate is equal to a rate described in the previous bullet multiplied by a fixed multiple that is 
greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. 
 
 A rate described in either of the two bullets above that is increased or decreased by a fixed amount 
is considered a qualified floating rate. 
 
 If your Note provides for two or more qualified floating rates that are within 0.25 percentage points of 
each other on the issue date or can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values 
throughout the term of the Note, the qualified floating rates together constitute a single qualified floating 
rate. 
 
 Your Note will not have a qualified floating rate, however, if the rate is subject to certain restrictions 
(including caps, floors, governors, or other similar restrictions) unless those restrictions are fixed 
throughout the term of the Note or are not reasonably expected to significantly affect the yield on the 
Note. 
 
 Your Note will have a variable rate that is a single objective rate if: 
• 
the rate is not a qualified floating rate; 
• 
the rate is determined using a single, fixed formula that is based on objective financial or 
economic information that is not within the control of or unique to the circumstances of the issuer 
or a related party; and

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
• 
the value of the rate on any date during the term of your Note is set no earlier than three months 
prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year following that first 
day. 
 
 Your Note will not have a variable rate that is an objective rate, however, if it is reasonably expected 
that the average value of the rate during the first half of your Note’s term will be either significantly less 
than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of your Note’s term. 
 
 An objective rate as described above is a qualified inverse floating rate if: 
• 
the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate; and 
• 
the variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous 
variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds. 
 
 Your Note will also have a single qualified floating rate or objective rate if interest on your Note is 
stated at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by either a qualified floating rate or 
an objective rate for a subsequent period, and either: 
• 
the fixed rate and the qualified floating rate or objective rate have values on the issue date of the 
Note that do not differ by more than 0.25 percentage points; or 
• 
the value of the qualified floating rate or objective rate is intended to approximate the fixed rate. 
 
 In general, if your variable rate Note provides for stated interest at a single qualified floating rate or 
objective rate that is unconditionally payable at least annually, all stated interest on your Note is qualified 
stated interest.  In this case, the amount of OID, if any, is determined by using, in the case of a qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value as of the issue date of the qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate, or, in the case of an objective rate, a fixed rate that reflects the yield 
reasonably expected for your Note. 
 
 If your variable rate Note does not provide for stated interest at a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate and also does not provide for interest payable at a fixed rate, you generally must 
determine the interest and OID accruals on your Note by: 
• 
determining a fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided under your variable rate Note; 
• 
constructing the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (using the fixed rate substitute described 
above); 
• 
determining the amount of qualified stated interest and OID with respect to the equivalent fixed 
rate debt instrument; and 
• 
adjusting for actual variable rates during the applicable accrual period under rules set forth in the 
applicable Treasury regulations. 
 
 If your variable rate Note provides for stated interest either at one or more qualified floating rates or 
at a qualified inverse floating rate, and also provides for stated interest at a single fixed rate, other than at 
a single fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less that is treated as a single qualified floating rate 
or objective rate as described above, you generally must determine interest and OID accruals by using 
the method described in the previous paragraph.  However, your variable rate Note will be treated, for 
purposes of the first three steps of the determination, as if your Note had provided for a qualified floating 
rate, or a qualified inverse floating rate, rather than the fixed rate.  The qualified floating rate, or qualified 
inverse floating rate, that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of your variable

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
rate Note as of the issue date approximates the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt 
instrument that provides for the qualified floating rate, or qualified inverse floating rate, rather than the 
fixed rate. 
 
 Short-Term Notes.  A Note that matures one year or less from its issue date (after taking into 
account the last possible date that the Note could be outstanding under its terms) will be treated as a 
“Short-Term Note.”  Under the applicable Treasury regulations, a Short-Term Note will be treated as being 
issued at a discount, the amount of which will be equal to the excess of the sum of all payments on the 
Short-Term Note (including all stated interest) over its issue price.  In general, if you are an individual or 
other cash-basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note, you are not required to include the discount in income 
as it accrues for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless you elect to do so (although, you will be 
required to include any stated interest in income as you receive it).  If you are an accrual-basis taxpayer, 
a taxpayer in a special class, including, but not limited to, a regulated investment company, common trust 
fund, or a certain type of pass-through entity, or a cash-basis taxpayer who so elects, you will be required 
to include the discount in income as it accrues on either a straight-line basis or under the constant-yield 
method, based on daily compounding.  If you are not required and do not elect to include discount in 
income currently, any gain you realize on the sale or other disposition of your Short-Term Note will be 
ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis, through the date of sale or 
other disposition.  Moreover, if you are not required and do not elect to accrue discount on your Short-
Term Notes, you will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to your Short-
Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realized. 
 
 When you determine the amount of discount subject to these rules, you must include all interest 
payments on your Short-Term Note, including stated interest, in your Short-Term Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity. 
 
 Foreign Currency Indexed Discount Notes.  If your Discount Note is denominated by reference to a 
foreign currency, you must determine OID for any accrual period on your Discount Note in the foreign 
currency and then translate the amount of OID into U.S. dollars in the same manner as stated interest 
accrued by an accrual-basis U.S. Holder, as described under “Payments of Interest.”  You may recognize 
ordinary income or loss when you receive an amount attributable to OID with respect to a payment of 
interest or the sale or other disposition of your Note. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
 
 If you purchase your Note for an amount in excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note 
after the purchase date other than qualified stated interest, you may elect to treat the excess as 
amortizable bond premium.  If you make this election, you will reduce the amount required to be included 
in your income each year with respect to interest on your Note by the amount of amortizable bond 
premium allocable to that year, based on your Note’s yield to maturity.  If payments on your Note are 
made in or determined by reference to a foreign currency, you will compute your amortizable bond 
premium in units of the foreign currency, and your amortizable bond premium will reduce your interest 
income in units of the foreign currency.  Gain or loss recognized that is attributable to changes in 
exchange rates between the time your amortized bond premium offsets interest income and the time of 
the acquisition of your Note is generally taxable as ordinary income or loss.  If you make an election to 
amortize bond premium, it will apply to all debt instruments (other than debt instruments the interest on 
which is excludible from gross income) that you own at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the 
election applies, and to all debt instruments that you thereafter acquire, and you may not revoke it without 
the consent of the IRS.  See also “—Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount.”

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Purchase, Sale and Other Disposition of the Notes 
 
 Your tax basis in your Note will generally be the U.S. dollar cost, as defined below, of your Note, 
adjusted by: 
• 
adding any OID or de minimis OID previously included in income with respect to your Note; and 
then 
• 
subtracting any payments on your Note that are not qualified stated interest payments and any 
amortizable bond premium you elected to apply to reduce interest on your Note. 
 
 You will generally recognize U.S.-source gain or loss on the sale or other disposition of your Note 
equal to the difference between the amount you realize on the sale or other disposition and your tax basis 
in your Note.   
 
 You will generally recognize capital gain or loss when you sell or otherwise dispose of your Note, but 
not to the extent: 
• 
described above under “Short-Term Notes”; 
• 
attributable to accrued but unpaid interest;  
• 
the rules governing contingent payment obligations apply (if applicable, as described in the 
applicable pricing supplement); or 
• 
attributable to changes in exchange rates as described below. 
 
 Capital gain of a noncorporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at reduced rates where the U.S. 
Holder has a holding period in a Note greater than one year.  The deductibility of capital losses is subject 
to limitations. 
 
 You must treat any portion of the gain or loss that you recognize on the sale or other disposition of a 
Note as ordinary income or loss to the extent attributable to changes in exchange rates.  However, you 
will take exchange gain or loss into account only to the extent of the total gain or loss you realize on the 
transaction.  If you recognize an ordinary loss upon a sale or other disposition of a Note above certain 
thresholds, you may be subject to certain reporting requirements. 
Synthetic Currency Notes 
 
 The proper application of the rules under Section 988 of the Code and the Treasury regulations 
thereunder to a debt instrument denominated in a Specified Currency, with respect to which payments of 
principal and interest are required to be paid in the Payment Currency calculated at the Synthetic 
Currency FX Rate, will depend on the specific terms of the debt instrument.  The applicable pricing 
supplement will discuss any special U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to Synthetic Currency Notes, 
including Synthetic Currency Notes for which neither the Specified Currency nor the Payment Currency is 
the U.S. dollar. 
Indexed Notes 
 
 The applicable pricing supplement will discuss any special U.S. federal income tax rules with 
respect to Notes the payments on which are determined by reference to any index and other Notes that 
are subject to the rules governing contingent payment obligations which are not subject to the rules 
governing variable rate Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Foreign Financial Assets 
 
 Certain U.S. Holders that are the beneficial owners of certain foreign financial assets (which may 
include the Notes) are required to report information relating to such assets, subject to certain exceptions.  
You should consult your tax adviser regarding the effect, if any, of these requirements on your ownership 
and disposition of the Notes. 
Medicare Tax 
 
 A U.S. Holder that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts 
that is exempt from such tax, will generally be subject to a Medicare tax of 3.8 per cent. on the lesser of 
(1) the U.S. Holder’s “net investment income” for the relevant taxable year and (2) the excess of the U.S. 
Holder’s modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over a certain threshold (which in the case 
of individuals will be between USD125,000 and USD250,000, depending on the individual’s 
circumstances).  Net investment income will generally include interest income and net gains from the 
disposition of the Notes, unless such interest income or net gains are derived in the ordinary course of 
the conduct of a trade or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain passive or 
trading activities).  If you are a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or trust, you are urged to consult 
your tax adviser regarding the applicability of the Medicare tax to income and gains in respect of your 
investment in the Notes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
 
 In general, if you are a noncorporate U.S. Holder, the Province and other payors are required to 
report to the IRS all payments of principal, any premium and interest on your Note, and the accrual of 
OID on a Discount Note.  In addition, the Province and other payors are required to report to the IRS any 
payment of proceeds of the sale of your Note before the maturity date within the United States.  
Additionally, backup withholding will apply to any payments, including payments of OID, if you fail to 
provide an accurate taxpayer identification number, or you are notified by the IRS that you have failed to 
report all interest and dividends required to be shown on your federal income tax returns.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly 
authorised under the Financial Administration Act (British Columbia) and Order No. 692 of the Lieutenant 
Governor in Council of British Columbia, approved and ordered on July 7, 2004, as amended by Order 
No. 177 of the Lieutenant Governor in Council of British Columbia, approved and ordered on March 5, 
2009, by Order No. 35 of the Lieutenant Governor in Council of British Columbia, approved and ordered 
on January 15, 2010, by Order No. 282 of the Lieutenant Governor in Council of British Columbia, 
approved and ordered on May 23, 2014, by Order No. 181 of the Lieutenant Governor in Council of 
British Columbia, approved and ordered on April 16, 2018, by Order No. 389 of the Lieutenant Governor 
in Council of British Columbia, approved and ordered on July 16, 2018, by Order No. 194 of the 
Lieutenant Governor in Council of British Columbia, approved and ordered on April 15, 2019, and by 
Order No. 244 of the Lieutenant Governor in Council of British Columbia, approved and ordered on May 
2, 2022.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance and settlement through the Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The appropriate codes for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system (including SIX SIS) will be contained in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Transactions will normally be effected for settlement 
not earlier than 3 days after the date of the transaction. If specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, application will be made to DTC for the Registered Notes to 
be accepted for clearance through DTC. The CUSIP number(s) for each issue will be contained in the 
applicable Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210, Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of CDS is 85 Richmond Street West, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5H 2C9 and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York, 10041-0099, United 
States of America. 
Documents Available for Inspection or Collection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or while any Notes are outstanding, copies of: 
(a) the most recent consolidation of the Financial Administration Act (British Columbia); 
(b) the Issuer’s most recently published annual public accounts for the last two fiscal years (including 
the Auditor General’s report thereon and including its annual statement of revenue and 
expenditure), and the most recent annual budget presented to the Legislative Assembly of British 
Columbia; 
(c) the Fiscal Agency Agreement (incorporating the forms of the temporary Global Note, permanent 
Global Notes and definitive Notes); 
(d) any Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (save that in the case of 
Exempt Notes not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), copies of the relevant Pricing Supplement will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of or, as the case may be, a Relevant Account Holder (as 
defined in the Global Notes) in respect of, such Notes); 
(e) this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus;  
(f) any supplements to this Prospectus;  
(g) a copy of the 1998 ISDA FX Definitions; and

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
(h) a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
will physically be available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent (or by email upon production of proof of holding and identity satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent), 
the Listing Agent in Luxembourg and for collection without charge from the Ministry of Finance in Victoria, 
British Columbia, Canada. The documents referred to under paragraph (b) above shall, for the avoidance 
of doubt, be physically available for inspection for 12 months from the date of this Prospectus and are 
available at: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/finances.  
Copies of this Prospectus, any supplements thereto (and all documents incorporated by reference 
into either) and any Final Terms will also be available electronically on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Fiscal Agent may be contacted, for the purposes of inspecting documents and in accordance 
with the proof of holding and identity requirements stated above, at: TSS-GDS.ROW@db.com. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The Issuer is subject to claims in the ordinary course. These claims arise from legal action, either in 
progress or threatened, in respect of matters such as expropriation, contract and tax disputes. As of 
March 31, 2023, the Issuer had Cdn.$1,924 million in contingent liabilities in which the estimated or 
known claim against the Issuer was, or exceeded Cdn.$100,000. The exact cost to the Issuer, if any, 
cannot be determined because the outcome of these actions is uncertain. The Issuer is not involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position of the Issuer, 
except as described in the following places in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
and listed on pages 26 and 27: 
• in the 2023 Budget, at page 69, under the subheading “Pending Litigation”; and 
• in the 2022/23 Public Accounts, at pages 82 to 85, under the subheadings “Contingent 
Liabilities—Litigation”, “—Tax Appeals”, “—Guarantees and Indemnities”, “—Environmental 
Clean-up”, “—Treaty Negotiations” and “—Crown Corporations, Agencies and School Districts, 
Universities, Colleges, Institutes and Health Organizations (SUCH)”. 
Proceedings may be brought against the Issuer in the Supreme Court of British Columbia and no 
applicable law requires the consent of any public official or authority for proceedings to be brought or 
judgment to be obtained against the Issuer arising out of or relating to obligations under the Programme 
Agreement, the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes.  There is no immunity from jurisdiction available 
to the Issuer in any proceedings in the Supreme Court of British Columbia brought in accordance with the 
Crown Proceeding Act (British Columbia) whether or not a party to the proceedings or the holder of a 
Note is a resident of British Columbia or is a citizen of Canada.  Although any judgment obtained in such 
proceedings against the Issuer is not capable of being enforced by execution levied against the property 
of the Issuer, any final money judgment and costs awarded against the Issuer in any such proceedings 
are required to be paid out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund of British Columbia. 
No Significant Change 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the information relating 
to public finance and trade in respect of the Issuer since March 31, 2023, the end of the Issuer’s last 
fiscal year.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Listing on the Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Euro MTF Market. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to this Programme which will 
not be admitted to trading on either the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market or the Euro MTF 
Market or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as the Issuer and relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Yield 
 
 In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes other than Exempt Notes, an indication of yield in 
respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Dealer Transactions with the Issuer and its Affiliates 
 
 Some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, 
investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer or 
its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. 
In addition, the Dealers have advised the Issuer that they or their affiliates might engage in the 
activities described in this paragraph, and that such activities could, and likely would, be undertaken by 
the Dealers or their affiliates without the Issuer being informed and without its consent or approval. In the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade securities and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. If any of the Dealers or their affiliates has a 
lending relationship with the Issuer, those Dealers or their affiliates may hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the 
Notes offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Post-Issuance Information 
 
 The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
 
 The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 54930058TO7MEKUHWL16. 
Website 
 
 The Issuer’s website is www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/home. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
ISSUER 
Province of British Columbia 
Ministry of Finance 
 
Provincial Treasury 
Debt Management Branch 
620 Superior Street 
Victoria, British Columbia 
Canada V8V 1V2 
Telephone: (250) 387-9295 
DEALERS 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, 
London Branch 
150 Cheapside 
London EC2V 6ET 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
60 Threadneedle Street 
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Trust and Agency Services 
1 Columbus Circle 
17th Floor 
Mail Stop: NYC01-1710 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
Attention: Corporates Team – Province of British Columbia

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
CO-REGISTRAR AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Uetlibergstrasse 231 
CH-8070 Zurich 
Switzerland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers 
as to English and Canadian law 
To the Issuer 
as to Canadian law 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Ministry of Attorney General  
7th Floor, 1675 Douglas Street 
Victoria, British Columbia 
Canada V8W 9J7 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP 
1800 – 510 West Georgia Street 
Vancouver, British Columbia 
Canada V6B 0M3 
 
as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP 
222 Bay Street, Suite 3000 
Toronto, Ontario  
Canada M5K 1E7 
 
 
ARRANGER 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
60 Threadneedle Street 
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom