--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
HOIST FINANCE AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Hoist 
Finance AB (publ) (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered 
Notes).  Under the Programme, Notes may be (i) senior preferred notes with the ranking 
described in Condition 3.1 of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (Senior Preferred 
Notes), (ii) senior non-preferred notes with the ranking described in Condition 3.2 of the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or (iii) subordinated notes 
with the ranking described in Condition 3.3 of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and, on 
issue, constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) 
(Subordinated Notes), in any case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below) (or Pricing Supplement (as defined below), in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined 
below)).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as 
described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
"Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Offering Circular to the relevant 
Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a 
discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The 
Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Offering Circular.  Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
(the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list

--- Page 2 ---
(the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this 
Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official 
List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 
12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to 
supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer 
valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Offering Circular to Exempt 
Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, 
the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of 
Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which 
will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be 
published on the website of the Central Bank of Ireland. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out 
in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold 
in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated Baa3 in respect of senior unsecured debt and Ba3 in respect of 
subordinated debt by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody’s). The Programme has 
been rated (P)Baa3 in respect of senior unsecured debt, (P)Ba2 in respect of junior senior 
unsecured debt and (P)Ba3 in respect of subordinated debt by Moody’s. Moody’s is established 
in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). As such, Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. Moody’s is not established in the United Kingdom (UK) but it is part of a 
group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK, and (ii) registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation).

--- Page 3 ---
Accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the 
ratings issued by Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by Moody’s.  Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme by Moody’s. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT SUISSE  
DEUTSCHE BANK  
NORDEA 
The date of this Offering Circular is 22 June 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document (the "Offering Circular") comprises a base prospectus in respect of all 
Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Offering Circular is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed 
to be incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This 
Offering Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are 
incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to 
which this Offering Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
None of the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or the Trustee (as defined below) 
have authorised the whole or any part of this Offering Circular or independently verified 
the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by 
the Dealers, any of their affiliates or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or for any acts or omissions of 
the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with any 
issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme.  No Dealer or the Trustee accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to 
give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase 
any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Offering Circular nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the

--- Page 5 ---
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE: SECTION 309B(1)(C) NOTIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has, unless otherwise notified before an offer of Notes and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, determined the classification 
of all Notes to be issued under the Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING 
CIRCULAR AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale 
of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Trustee do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this 
Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes.  In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale

--- Page 7 ---
of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Sweden and Belgium), the UK, Singapore 
and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the 
Issuer has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (together, the Financial 
Statements).  
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering 
Circular will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or 
any other section of this Offering Circular. In addition, the following terms as used in this 
Offering Circular have the meanings defined below:  
 
SEK refers to Swedish kronor; 
 
EUR refers to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended; 
 
GBP refers to Pounds Sterling; and 
 
PLN refers to Polish Zloty. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different 
tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a 
provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its 
financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 8 ---
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes issued under the Programme 
may be calculated by reference to one of the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the 
Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR) and/or the Norwegian interbank offered rate 
(NIBOR) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (in the 
case of Exempt Notes). As at the date of this Offering Circular, the European Money Markets 
Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as 
administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply such 
that, following the submission by the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator 
of STIBOR) of an application for authorisation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
on 27 December 2021, STIBOR may continue to be used unless and until such authorisation is 
refused.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 17 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 49 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 50 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 54 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................................ 71 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 87 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 143 
Description of the Issuer and the Group ......................................................................................................... 144 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 165 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 167 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 173 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
0010493-0001056 UKO2: 2004559127.18 
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will 
be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Hoist Finance AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300NPK3FB2BEL4D08 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restriction applicable at the date of 
this Offering Circular: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent; see "Subscription and Sale". 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
rights of the holder of any Senior Preferred Note in respect of or 
arising from the Senior Preferred Notes shall, in the event of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank (subject to such 
mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable  under 
Swedish law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to constitute MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
The 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. The rights of the holder of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as 
described in Condition 3.2(b) in relation to the claims of other 
creditors. 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Payments in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes will be subordinated as described in 
Condition 3.3. 
Trustee: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Programme Size: 
Up to €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes".  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Fixed Reset Notes: 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset 
Date by reference to the relevant Reset Margin and Mid-Swap 
Rate. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
(ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that 
Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will state the final redemption 
price and final maturity date of the relevant Notes.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution; see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as being the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined) or Fixed Reset 
Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, as further described in 
Condition 5.4. 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption of any Notes will be permitted: 
(a) 
at the option of the Issuer, for taxation reasons as 
described in Condition 7.2;  
(b) 
following an Event of Default as described in Condition 
10; 
(c) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, where “Redemption 
upon occurrence of Capital Event” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), at the 
option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event as described in Condition 7.12; 
(d) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, where 
“Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event” is specified to be applicable in the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement), at the option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event as described in Condition 7.13; and/or 
(e) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where “Change of 
Control Put” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement), at the option of 
Noteholders upon the occurrence of a Put Event as 
described in Condition 7.7, 
but will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their original maturity date only with the prior 
consent of the Resolution Authority or the SFSA, respectively 
(each as defined in Condition 3.5). 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Subordinated 
Notes: 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, where “Substitution or variation” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), if at any time, in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a MREL Disqualification 
Event or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event 
occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 19.5, the Issuer may, with the 
prior consent of the Resolution Authority (in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or the SFSA (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes), substitute such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, for, or vary their terms so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities 
or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying 
Securities, as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 
7.15. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency; see "Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Calculation Amount: 
The Calculation Amount for any Series of Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) and will be the single highest 
whole number which, when each Specified Denomination of the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
relevant Series is divided by such number, results in a whole 
number. For example, where the Specified Denominations of a 
Series of Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as 
being €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof 
up to and including €199,000, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will be €1,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction, subject as provided in Condition 8.  In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 8, be required to pay 
Additional Amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes 
and (if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Gross Up” is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement)) Senior 
Preferred Notes, and notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligation 
to pay Additional Amounts by the Issuer will be limited to 
payments of interest only. 
Covenants: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will contain certain 
covenants, including a negative pledge provision, as further 
described in Condition 4. The covenants are subject to suspension 
in certain events related to the rating of the Issuer and the relevant 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will (unless “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement)) contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes and (if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of 
Default” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement)), the Senior Preferred Notes will not contain a cross 
default provision. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated (P)Baa3 in respect of senior 
unsecured debt, (P)Ba2 in respect of junior senior unsecured debt 
and (P)Ba3 in respect of subordinated debt by Moody’s.  Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as 
the ratings assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except that the 
provisions contained in Conditions 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
Loss Absorption: 
Notes may be written down or converted to CET1 instruments. 
See "Risk Factors - The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of 
failing. The taking of any action under this Directive could 
materially affect the value of any Notes" and "Risk Factors - Loss 
absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer". By 
acquiring any Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept and consent to the application or exercise of 
such Swedish statutory loss absorption powers in respect of their 
Notes or any liability thereunder, as provided in Condition 19.5, 
and shall be bound by the effect of any such application or 
exercise. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Sweden and Belgium), the 
UK, Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes; see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer may not be aware 
of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Offering 
Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular 
(including in the documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks relating to the Issuer as a separate entity 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group. A large part of the Issuer’s business is conducted through its 
subsidiaries, on which the Issuer, as a consequence thereof, is dependent in order to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. Further, the Issuer’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal 
entities and will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due pursuant to any of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or other obligations or to make any funds available therefor. The ability 
of the Issuer’s subsidiaries to pay any dividends and distributions will be subject to, among other things, the 
terms of any debt instruments of those subsidiaries then in effect and applicable law. Accordingly, there is a 
risk that the Issuer’s subsidiaries will not generate sufficient cash flow to pay dividends or distributions to 
the Issuer to enable it to fulfil its obligation under the Notes issued under the Programme. The risk factors 
mentioned in this Offering Circular and described as being relevant for the Group are thus relevant also for 
the Issuer as a separate entity and the performance of the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Group’s market and industry 
General business, economic and market conditions affect the Group’s business. 
The Issuer provides debt collection services in eleven European countries and during 2021 the Group’s 
operating income amounted to SEK 2,255 million, with an average number of 1,586 employees. The Group 
is affected by general business, economic and market conditions, especially in the markets in which the 
Group operates. Uncertainties remain concerning the outlook and the future economic environment related to 
recent events in Europe such as the COVID-19 pandemic. An ongoing effect of the economic stress induced 
by COVID-19 has led to the financial health of many businesses being impacted. Although the financial 
markets have stabilised and to some extent recovered since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
effect on the financial environment of the Group is expected to continue for as long as the coronavirus 
continues to spread. 
Further, on 24 February 2022, Russia launched a military assault on Ukraine. The assault started after a 
prolonged military build-up and the Russian recognition of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic 
and the Luhansk People’s Republic in the days prior to the military assault. The situation in Eastern Europe 
has led to significant volatility on the global credit markets and the global economy. The Group does not 
operate in Russia or Ukraine. However, the Group and the Issuer are subject to risks related to the 
macroeconomic environment and are thus affected by global conflicts that may negatively affect the global

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
economy. The degree to which the situation in Ukraine may affect the Group and the Issuer is uncertain but 
could have a negative impact on its operations. 
With the details of the UK’s future relationship with the EU still unclear following the UK’s exit from the 
EU (commonly referred to as Brexit), and uncertainty over trade arrangements, market access and legislative 
and regulatory frameworks, it is not possible to evaluate the impact the UK's exit may have on European 
economies and financial markets. For example, the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which 
governs the relations between the EU and the UK following the end of the transition period on 31 December 
2020 and which had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force 
on 1 May 2021; however, the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed 
framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and 
from the EU into the UK. During 2021, 9 per cent. of the Group’s operating income was generated in the 
UK, and a sharp economic downturn as a result of Brexit would most likely impact the Group’s collections 
on current portfolios. 
If the economies of the Group’s principal markets suffer a material downturn for a prolonged period of time 
that, in turn, increases the unemployment rate, the Group companies may be unable to perform debt 
collections at a level consistent with their past practice due to the inability of customers to make payments at 
the same levels or at all. The Group’s customers’ ability to make payments under claims that the Group owns 
may also be adversely affected by increasing interest rates since the customers’ other debt may be adversely 
affected in such case. Furthermore, through the significant amount of debt purchased by the Group that is 
originated by financial institutions, the Group is also exposed to such developments which could lead to 
adverse economic conditions in the Group’s markets (see also “A significant amount of the debt purchased 
by the Group is originated by financial institutions.”). 
The Group acquires, in selected markets, portfolios with loans that are secured by residential and commercial 
real estate. At the end of the first quarter of 2022, 13.5 per cent. (including performing mortgage loans) of 
the Group’s total assets are secured loans. Hence, the Group is exposed to the fluctuation of the value of the 
collateral of such loans. A material downturn for a prolonged period of time in any of the markets where 
such residential or commercial real estate is located could have a negative impact on the Group’s results of 
operation and financial condition.  
An improvement in the economic conditions in the markets in which the Group operates could impact its 
business and performance in various ways, including by decreasing the volume of debt portfolios that are 
available for purchase, increasing the competitiveness of the pricing for portfolios that the Group have 
purchased and thus reducing the number of attractive portfolio opportunities, and also by increasing interest 
rate levels affecting the Group’s cost of funding.  
As described above, the Group may be affected in different ways by changes in general business, economic 
and market conditions. Although it is uncertain to what degree such developments as described above may 
affect the Group, they present a highly significant risk to the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group operates in markets that are competitive. 
The Group faces strong competition in all areas and markets, including from other pan-European competitors 
and competitors that are active on local markets. The Group’s main competitors are debt purchasing 
companies, integrated firms operating a wider range of financial service businesses, as well as specialist 
investors. Some competitors that are active only in their local market and not on a pan-European basis are 
larger, have greater financial resources and are more active than the Group in such local markets. The Group 
competes on the basis of bid prices, the terms it offers, reputation, industry experience and performance. 
There is a risk that the Group’s current competitors and any new competitors may develop substantially 
greater financial, technical, personnel or other resources, as well as better functioning products to meet the 
needs of the end-customers and vendors, respectively. This could lead to the Group not having the ability to 
compete successfully with its competitors in the future. The Group’s competitive position would also be

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
adversely affected by, among other things, a loss or suspension of the Issuer’s licence as a “Credit Market 
Company” (see “The Issuer relies on its licence as a “Credit Market Company” and the loss or suspension 
of such licence could impair or terminate the Group’s access to deposit funding and the Group’s ability to 
conduct business.”). If any of these events materialise, there is a risk that the Group will not be able to offer 
competitive bids for debt portfolios, which would adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Issuer assesses that the European Banking Authority (the EBA) is working towards 
harmonising jurisdictional differences in the non-performing loan (NPL) market as well as promoting cross-
border firms through regulation, which has benefitted competitors of scale. This has contributed to limited 
organic growth opportunities for debt collector companies and drives consolidation in the sector. The 
markets where the Group operates have also been characterised by, among other things, digitalisation and 
regulatory changes, and the Group has also expanded into new asset classes such as performing loans. There 
is a risk that the Group is unable to continue to develop and expand its business or adapt to changing market 
needs with the same success as its current or future competitors are able to do, or adapt its business to new 
strategies. Such inability could entail both that the Group’s competitors are able to operate at a lower cost of 
capital or make advances in their pricing or collections methods that the Group deems itself not being able to 
make, and that the Group could be unable to purchase portfolios at appropriate prices in order to operate 
profitably. Any inability to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
A significant amount of the debt purchased by the Group is originated by financial institutions. 
The Group has derived, and has stated that it will continue to derive, a significant portion of its revenue from 
debt purchased from banks and financial institutions active in the Group’s markets. Adverse economic 
conditions and uncertainties, and any potential resulting failures or consolidations of financial institutions, 
may adversely affect the Group by significantly reducing the activity of debt originators. For example, the 
departure, or potential risk of departure, from the euro by one or more eurozone countries, or from the 
European Union by one or more of its members, as well as the current situation in Ukraine, risk leading to a 
reduction in market confidence, which could result in constraints on lending in the markets generally, 
reduced growth and a weakening of financial institutions, all of which could have an adverse effect on the 
collection levels. Additionally, adverse economic conditions could lead to a reduction in the propensity of 
financial institutions to lend to customers in the markets in which the Group operates, leading to a reduced 
supply of debt available for sale, as well as negatively affecting customers by reducing disposable income 
levels or otherwise impairing their ability to fulfil their payment obligations. Any reduction in the volume of 
portfolios originated by financial institutions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group may be unable to obtain account documents for some of the accounts that it purchases.  
As described under “The Group may not be able to collect the expected amounts on portfolios purchased.”, 
the Group’s assets mainly consist of portfolios of purchased debt and the Group is dependent on its ability to 
collect on those debts. Even if the Group aims to help its customers to keep their commitments, the Group 
must sometimes take legal actions and collect on the debts through legal proceedings. When the Group 
commences enforcement actions through legal proceedings, courts may require a copy of the account 
statements or credit agreement to be attached to the pleadings in order to obtain a judgement against a 
particular customer. Since the Group purchases debt portfolios from debt originators, the Group does not 
always receive all relevant account documents for each debt. Consequently, when the Group is unable to 
produce account documents in response to a court’s request, that claim would be legally unenforceable. 
Further, even if the Group has received all relevant account documents, there is a risk that the account 
documents for the original debts will be found to be legally unenforceable, which would lead to courts 
denying the Group’s claims and the Group will not be able to collect the relevant debts. Furthermore, any 
changes to laws, regulations or rules that affect the manner in which the Group initiates enforcement 
proceedings, including rules affecting documentation, could result in increased administration costs or limit 
the availability of litigation as a collection tool, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Additionally, the Group’s ability to collect by means other than legal proceedings may be impacted by laws 
that require that certain types of account documentation be in the Group’s possession prior to the institution 
of any collection activities, which could also have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
Risks related to the Group’s business 
The Group may not be able to collect the expected amounts on portfolios purchased. 
The Group’s assets mainly consist of portfolios of purchased debt; the carrying value of acquired loan 
portfolios amounted to SEK 21,337 million as at 31 December 2021, corresponding to 70 per cent. of the 
Group’s total assets as at the same date. The net present value of expected gross collections is reflected in the 
balance sheet carrying value of the portfolios. When purchasing portfolios, the Group makes assumptions on 
the gross collections and collection costs, which are based on, among other things, internally-developed 
statistical models and analytical tools to value and price portfolios.  
The Group’s statistical models and analytical tools assess information which to some extent is provided to 
the Group by third parties, such as credit agencies and other mainstream or public sources, or generated by 
software products. The Group has only limited control over the accuracy of such information received from 
third parties. If such information is not accurate, credits may be incorrectly priced at the time of purchase, 
the recovery value for the Group’s portfolios may be calculated inaccurately, the wrong collection strategy 
may be adopted and lower collection rates or higher operating expenses may be experienced. Moreover, the 
Group’s historical information about portfolios may not be indicative of the characteristics of subsequent 
portfolios purchased from the same debt originator or within the same industry due to changes in business 
practices or economic development. 
There is a risk that the Group will not be able to achieve the recoveries forecasted by the models used to 
value the portfolios, and the amounts recovered may even be less than the total amount paid for such 
portfolios. Furthermore, there is a risk that the models used will be flawed or that the models will not 
appropriately identify or assess all material factors and yield correct or accurate forecasts. There is also a risk 
that the Group’s investment and analytics teams will make misjudgements or mistakes, for example when 
utilising the Group’s statistical models and analytical tools. A decrease or delay of the expected gross 
collections would reduce the Group’s revenue and returns on its purchased portfolios, resulting in write-
downs of the portfolios, directly impacting the Group’s equity, capital adequacy and results of operations. As 
a consequence, the Group may have to pay a higher interest rate to finance its operations and the regulatory 
requirements to maintain a certain capital adequacy could hinder further business expansion, which in turn 
could have a negative effect on the Group’s ability to purchase additional portfolios. Further, higher 
collection costs than projected when purchasing portfolios will have a negative impact on the financial 
results of operations. 
The Group recovers on claims that may become subject to insolvency procedures under applicable laws and 
the Group also purchases portfolios containing claims that are subject to ongoing insolvency proceedings. 
Various economic trends, in particular downward macroeconomic factors such as those experienced during 
the financial crisis of 2008 and the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as potential changes to existing legislation, 
may contribute to an increase in the number of customers subject to personal insolvency procedures. The 
majority of the portfolios that the Group purchases are unsecured and the Group is generally unable to 
collect on such portfolios in an insolvency procedure. Furthermore, in certain of the Group’s markets, a 
debtor may have a right to set-off a claim that it has against the counterparty seeking to enforce a debt 
against the debtor. As a result of such set-off, a purchased claim may, partially or fully, be extinguished. 
After assignment of a purchased claim to a Group company and notification thereof to one of the Group’s 
customers, such customer may also have set-off rights vis-à-vis the relevant Group company. The transfer of 
ownership of purchased claims may require certain assignment procedures. Should the transfer of a claim not 
meet applicable requirements, legal title to the relevant claim will not pass to the Group company, which 
may result in the loss of such claim (see also “The Group may be unable to obtain account documents for 
some of the accounts that it purchases.”). The Group’s ability to successfully collect on portfolios may 
decline or the timing of when the Group collects on portfolios may be delayed, with an increase in personal

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
insolvency procedures, if customers have set-off rights related to the collected claims or if the Group fails to 
comply with applicable transfer requirements. 
As described above, the Group’s ability to collect on portfolios purchased is a central part of the Group’s 
business model, and a potential failure to collect expected amounts may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
The Group is exposed to credit risks of counterparties in a number of different ways. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s liquidity reserve amounted to SEK 7,119 million, of which SEK 2,041 
million was deposited with a limited number of European commercial banks overnight. These amounts are 
well in excess of any government deposit guarantee, which exposes the Group to the risk that one or more of 
such institutions would not be able to meet its obligations under these deposits, for example in the event of a 
bank run or banking crisis. The Group also invests surplus liquidity in interest bearing securities, resulting in 
counterparty risk on the issuers of such securities. For example, the Group is subject to the risk that changes 
in credit spreads (that is, the premium required by the market for a given credit quality), due to, for example, 
a change in the credit outlook of a specific bond issuer, will affect the value of these bonds. 
Further, the Group is exposed to credit risk from hedging activities conducted with credit institutions. Daily 
marked-to-market valuation of the Group’s derivatives can result in counterparty exposure toward the 
specific credit institutions. Both the Group and the specific credit institution provide collateral daily to 
account for this risk. In cases of significant fluctuations, the Group may have to provide substantial amounts 
of collateral, which cannot be used for purchasing portfolios and may cause a negative impact on the 
Group’s operations. If one or more of the abovementioned risks materialises, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group may not be able to purchase portfolios at appropriate prices or of sufficient quality or volumes. 
The Group’s long-term business model requires that the Group continues to purchase debt portfolios. The 
availability of portfolios to purchase at prices that generate an appropriate return depends on a number of 
factors, such as the continuation of current growth trends in the levels of overdue debt, volumes of portfolio 
sales by debt originators, in particular the financial institutions that originate most of the Group’s portfolios, 
and competitive factors affecting potential purchasers and debt originators. 
The Group relies on key relationships with debt originators to conduct the Group’s business. A debt 
originator’s decision to sell debt to the Group is based on various factors, including the price and terms 
offered, the quality of the Group’s reputation and the Group’s compliance history. There is a risk that some 
of the Group’s current debt originator clients will not continue to sell debt to the Group on desirable terms or 
in acceptable quantities. 
Furthermore, the Group has previously entered, and may in the future enter, into forward flow agreements. 
Pursuant to forward flow agreements, the Group may agree to buy claims of a certain character at a pre-
defined price or price range for a given volume from a debt originator on an on-going basis. If the Group 
enters into a forward flow agreement and the value of purchased portfolios decreases subsequent to entering 
into the agreement, the Group may end up paying a higher amount for such portfolios than it would agree at 
the time of purchase in a spot transaction, which could result in the Group missing out on higher alternative 
returns. In addition, under some forward flow agreements the Group may only be contractually permitted to 
terminate such agreements in certain limited circumstances. In a more competitive environment, the Group 
could be faced with a decision to either decrease its purchasing volume or agree to forward flow agreements 
at increased prices or with less contractual protection. For a forward flow agreement to be economically 
advantageous, the Group must ensure that the nature of claims contained in the portfolios purchased under 
such agreements remain consistent with those reviewed as part of the due diligence process. When pricing 
forward flow agreements, the Group generally takes into account potential future fluctuations in the value of 
the debt that is purchased through such agreements, but the fluctuations in value may exceed the Group’s 
expectations. If the Group is unable to contractually terminate an agreement it may have to accept claims that

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
are of a lower quality than it intended to purchase, which could result in lower returns. Should the quality of 
debt supplied under forward flow agreements vary from the Group’s pricing assumptions, there is a risk that 
the Group may price the agreements incorrectly. 
If the Group is unable to identify sufficient levels of attractive portfolios and generate an appropriate return 
on purchased portfolios, the Group may be unable to maintain the cash flow generated from its portfolios, 
which would adversely affect the Group’s ability to purchase additional portfolios as they become available. 
In addition, the Group may experience difficulties covering its fixed costs and may, as a consequence, have 
to reduce the number of its collection personnel or take other measures to reduce costs. These developments 
could lead to disruptions in the Group’s operations, loss of efficiency, lower employee morale, fewer 
experienced employees and excess costs associated with unused capacity and floor space in the Group’s 
operating facilities. 
The degree to which incorrectly priced agreements and/or a potential failure by the Group to purchase 
portfolios at appropriate prices or of sufficient quality or volumes may affect the Group is uncertain, and 
present a significant risk to the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group may experience volatility in its reported financial results due to the revaluation of its 
purchased portfolios. 
The value of purchased portfolios as recorded on the Group’s balance sheet may fluctuate each time 
management reassesses forecasted cash flows. The Group’s forecasted cash flows are based on a number of 
assumptions, as the projected performance is generated by analysing historic forecasts relative to actual gross 
collections achieved and accounting operational improvements, among other things (as further described 
under “The Group may not be able to collect the expected amounts on portfolios purchased.”). These 
historically observed forecasts are linked to the underlying collection fundamentals applicable at the time, 
including, among other things, general economic conditions, the collections strategy, collections legislation 
and customer behaviour. Any changes to these assumptions could potentially result in revaluations (meaning 
a change in the projected cash flow), which would have the effect of changing the value of the portfolios on 
the Group’s balance sheet and lead to the inclusion of a corresponding movement in the Group’s 
consolidated profit and loss account. Book value movements are non-cash movements, but are derived from 
the aforementioned change to the projected cash flow affecting the Group profit and loss statement. The 
changed book value and the specific amortisation rate are also non-cash items, but are directly linked to the 
profit and loss statement in the calculation of interest income. Negative revaluations would also negatively 
impact the Group’s equity and capital adequacy. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
It can take several years to realise cash returns on the Group’s investments in purchased debt portfolios, 
during which time the Group is exposed to a number of risks in its business. 
The Group generally measures its investments based on a projected return, typically for periods of up to 180 
months, based on historical and current portfolio collection performance data and trends and assumptions 
about future debt collection rates. It generally takes the Group several years to realise cash returns equal to 
this initial investment. During this period, significant changes may occur in the economy, the regulatory 
environment and the Group’s business or markets, which could lead to a reduction in the Group’s forecasted 
collections. Such reduction could force the Group to record an impairment of its purchased debt portfolio, or 
reduce the value of the debt portfolios that the Group has purchased. Moreover, the calculation of estimated 
remaining collections, the distribution over time for such collections and the associated collection cost is a 
key uncertainty within the Group’s policies on revenue recognition of purchased portfolios. There is a risk 
that the Group will not achieve such collections within the specified time periods, or at all. Given the multi-
year payback period on substantially all of the Group’s purchases, each portfolio purchase exposes the Group 
to the risk of such changes for a significant period of time, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The Group’s purchasing patterns, the seasonality of the Group’s business and the varying amount of time 
it takes to begin generating cash flow from, and returns on, purchased portfolios may lead to volatility in 
the Group’s cash flow. 
As described in the preceding risk factors, the Group’s business depends on its ability to collect on debt 
portfolios. Debt collection is to some extent affected by seasonal factors, including the number of work days 
in a given month, the propensity of customers to take holidays at particular times of the year and annual 
cycles in disposable income. Furthermore, the Group’s debt portfolio purchases are likely to be uneven 
during the year due to fluctuating supply and demand within the market. 
Accordingly, collections of portfolios tend to vary quarter on quarter, while the Group’s costs are more 
evenly spread out over the year, resulting in seasonal variation of the Group’s margins and profitability 
between quarters. This may result in low cash flow at a time when attractive debt portfolios become 
available. A lack of cash flow or strains on the Group’s own funds could prevent the Group from purchasing 
otherwise desirable debt portfolios or prevent the Group from meeting its obligations under any forward flow 
agreements the Group may enter into, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Further, there is generally a gap between the point in time when the Group purchases a portfolio and the 
point in time when the Group begins earning returns on the purchased portfolio. This is the case as there is a 
need to locate customers, build a consolidated profile of each such customer’s circumstances and formulate 
an appropriate repayment solution before the Group can start to collect on a purchased portfolio.  
In addition, the time it takes to start earning returns on a purchased portfolio could vary from the Group’s 
initial estimates. As a result, the Group may experience difficulties in projecting cash flows and delays in 
generating income from purchased portfolios. The degree to which any of the foregoing factors may affect 
the Group is uncertain, and present a significant risk to the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to its information technology infrastructure platform, its data 
warehouse and third-party providers.  
A part of the Group’s strategy is being a digital leader in the debt purchasing industry and the Group’s goal 
is to be digital by default, meaning that the Group’s digital channels shall be the preferred choices for the 
Group and its customers. In order to achieve this goal, the Group has, for example, launched a chatbot and 
implemented customer interaction via WhatsApp in Italy and in 2021, the Group deployed digital customer 
self-service portals in eight markets. During 2021, the Group also extended its digital payment solutions to 
Blik, Paypal, Apple Pay and Google Pay. The Group’s focus on digitalisation entails that the Group is 
dependent on its information technology infrastructure platform and, in particular, its data warehouse, which 
is essential for the Group’s evaluation of debt portfolios and includes detailed data on collection performance 
and cash flow from acquisitions dating from the year 2000 and onwards (the Data Warehouse). This 
subjects the Group to inherent costs and risks associated with maintaining, upgrading, replacing and 
changing these systems, including defects in the Group’s information technology, substantial capital 
expenditures and demands on management time. Further, the Group is exposed to risks relating to outages 
and disruptions in its information technology infrastructure platform, collection systems or Data Warehouse, 
which may be caused by, among other things, security breaches or cyber-attacks in the Group’s information 
technology infrastructure platform, collection systems or Data Warehouse, or any temporary or permanent 
failure in these systems. If such events lead to extensive outages, this could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and results of operations. 
Information, digital and telecommunications technologies are evolving rapidly and are characterised by short 
product life cycles. There is a risk that the Group will not be successful in anticipating, managing or adopting 
technological changes on a timely basis, or that new business systems prove to be deficient or incompatible 
with the business that the Group conducts, which could result in additional costs. The cost of improvements 
could be higher than anticipated or result in management not being able to devote sufficient attention to other

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
areas of the Group’s business. Due to the growth of the Group, those costs have increased for the Group. For 
example, in 2021, the Group’s IT expenses amounted to SEK 274 million. The Group depends on having the 
capital resources necessary to invest in new technologies to purchase and service claims and there is a risk 
that adequate capital resources will not be available to the Group at the appropriate time. If the Group 
becomes unable to continue to acquire, aggregate or use such information and data in the manner or to the 
extent in which it is currently acquired, aggregated and used, due to lack of resources, regulatory restrictions 
(including data protection laws) or any other reason, the Group may lose a significant competitive advantage. 
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Further, the Group is exposed to risks relating to the third-party providers to which the Group has outsourced 
parts of its information technology. For example, in August 2019, the Group entered into an agreement for 
outsourcing services relating to information technology, selected application development and maintenance 
with the global technology consulting and digital solutions company Larsen & Toubro Infotech Limited. 
Another example is that the Group has outsourced the hosting of its deposit platforms. There is a risk that the 
Group’s third-party providers will not meet the agreed service levels or that they will not comply with 
applicable rules on data protection (see also “The Group is exposed to risks relating to sensitive data.”). 
Since the Issuer is a regulated company, the third-party providers are also required to adhere to and be 
compliant with the same regulations that are applicable for the Issuer. Hence, any breach by the third-party 
providers of such regulations could lead to, among other things, sanctions and increased supervision by 
authorities, impaired reputation and/or financial losses for the Group. Furthermore, any changes in 
regulations related to outsourcing or use of cloud solutions or deposit platforms could have a material impact 
on the agreements with the third-party providers. If any of the risks relating to the Group’s outsourcing or its 
third-party providers were to be materialised, it could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
The degree to which the risks relating to the Group’s information technology infrastructure platform, its Data 
Warehouse and the Group’s use of third-party providers may affect the Group is uncertain, and present a 
significant risk to the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, increases in 
labour costs, potential labour disputes and work stoppages.  
The Group’s future success partially depends on the skills, experience and efforts of its senior management 
and other key employees and its ability to attract and retain such members of the management team and other 
key employees. Furthermore, the Group’s operations involve highly qualified personnel and therefore the 
Group’s continued ability to compete effectively and implement the Group’s strategy depends on its ability 
to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. The Group has a number of employees 
that possess critical skills for the Group’s operations, for example skills relating to pricing and analytics, 
regulatory compliance and good communication with customers. An inability to attract and retain employees 
with these types of skills would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business.  
The demand in the Group’s industry for personnel with the relevant capabilities and experience is high, 
which leads to a high personnel turnover. At 31 December 2021, the Group had 1,733 employees of which 
319 were recruited in 2021, and the staff turnover was 25.5 per cent. The intense competition and high 
personnel turnover could lead to the Group not being able to attract and retain employees with the relevant 
skills for its operations. The competition may also lead to increased remuneration levels, which would 
adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. In the financial year 2021, the total personnel expenses 
and remuneration (including pension expenses and social fees) amounted to SEK 867 million. Based on the 
conditions prevailing on 31 December 2021, an increase of 1 per cent. in the Group’s total personnel 
expenses and remuneration (including pension expenses and social fees) would adversely affect the Group’s 
operating profit by approximately SEK 9 million. Conversely, if the Group were to offer excessively low 
remuneration levels, this might lead to employees choosing to terminate their employments, which would 
adversely affect the Group’s competitiveness and business. There is a risk that the Group will not be able to 
attract and retain qualified personnel in the future, which could adversely affect the Group’s ability to 
successfully purchase portfolios or collect on claims and to manage and expand the Group’s business, which

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
in turn would risk having an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group is exposed to reputational risk.  
The Group is dependent on its reputation in order to successfully conduct its business. The Group’s 
reputation is fundamental in maintaining its relationships with current and potential debt originator clients, 
primarily financial institutions. Further, the Group’s reputation is essential in its contact with, and for the 
perception by, regulators. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to risks relating to its reputation, which could 
be adversely affected by, for example, any inability to accurately collect debt or treat customers fairly. The 
Group is also exposed to the risk that negative publicity may arise from the activities of legislators, pressure 
groups and the media, on the basis of, for example, real or perceived abusive collection practices, attributable 
either to the Group, third-party collection providers the Group engages or the wider debt purchasing industry 
or regarding other conditions within the Group or the Group’s business. Negative publicity could cause 
customers to be more reluctant to pay their debts or to pursue legal action against Group companies, or cause 
regulators and authorities to form a more negative view of the Group, regardless of whether those actions are 
warranted, all of which could impact the Group’s ability to collect on the purchased debt portfolios. For 
example, from time to time, the Group has been subject to claims and inquiries from customers and 
regulators regarding the Group’s collection processes and, in some of these cases, the Group has had to take 
various operational and organisational actions to address these claims or inquiries. In addition, adverse 
publicity could potentially have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, for example, by making it more 
difficult to attract depositors from the public or to buy new portfolios. Accordingly, there is a risk that the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected should any 
reputational risks materialise. 
Further, the Group’s reputation may also be adversely affected if the Group needs to adjust customers’ 
payment obligations negatively for customers. The collection of debt, particularly historic debt, involves 
complex interpretations and calculations of contractual terms that may vary by debt originator and/or 
country, which may impact the calculation of customers’ resulting payment obligations and the collection 
strategies that the Group employs. The Group’s processes and procedures are designed to ensure accuracy in 
the collection processes and the Group reviews its collection strategies and payment calculations with a goal 
of ensuring that it applies best practices across the Group’s operations. If in these reviews the Group 
identifies inconsistencies in the collection processes adopted and/or inaccuracies in the payment calculations 
it has taken, the Group will aim to take reasonable steps to rectify any such issues. If those rectifying steps, 
whether correct or not, result in an increase in the number or significance of complaints or inquiries, such 
complaints could not only result in financial liability for the Group, but could also jeopardise the Group’s 
relationships with its debt originator clients, its ability to establish new relationships, have a negative impact 
on a customer’s willingness to pay a debt owed to the Group, diminish the Group’s attractiveness as a 
counterparty or lead to increased regulation in the debt purchasing industry.  
The degree to which the various reputational risks that the Group is exposed to may affect the Group is 
uncertain, and they risk having an adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
The Group relies on third-party collection providers in some of the Group’s markets.  
The Group employs a business model that is designed to deliver operational efficiency based on local market 
conditions and international best practices. The Group complements its in-house collections with carefully 
selected third-party collection providers. Third-party debt collectors are subject to more limited supervision 
by the Group than its own local operations. Any failure by these third parties to adequately perform such 
services for the Group could materially reduce the Group’s cash flow, income and profitability and affect the 
Group’s reputation in the countries where they operate. In addition, any violation of laws or other regulatory 
requirements by these third parties in their collection efforts could negatively impact the Group’s business 
and reputation or result in penalties being directly imposed on the Group, as industry regulators generally 
expect businesses to carefully select such third parties and to take responsibility for any compliance 
violations. Further, there is a risk that the third-party providers fail to meet contractual obligations, such as to

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
provide the Group with accurate data on the claims they are serving. The failure of the Group’s third-party 
debt collectors to perform their services to the Group’s standards and any deterioration in or loss of any key 
relationships may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group may also suffer losses pursuant to its agreements with debt originators who have required, and 
may require, the Group to ensure compliance by sub-contractors with applicable laws or other regulatory 
requirements. Furthermore, there is a risk that the Group does not become aware of the occurrence of any 
such violations for a significant period of time, which could magnify the effect of such violations. Any of 
these developments could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to its strategic goals. 
The Group is executing its strategy which was initially presented during the Group’s capital markets day in 
November 2018 and later reiterated in February 2021. The strategy consists of four pillars: (i) return driven 
investments; (ii) effective and efficient; (iii) digital and data driven; and (iv) SFSA (as defined below) 
regulated platform. In order to execute the Group’s strategy, it is important that the board of directors of the 
Issuer (the Board of Directors) and executive management are able to plan, organise, follow up on and 
control the operations and to continuously monitor market conditions. There is a risk that the Group will not 
be successful in developing and implementing its strategic plans for the Group’s businesses, including 
operational efficiency, digitalisation and continuing to drive operational scale and excellence across 
countries. If the development or implementation of such plans is not successful the Group may not produce 
the revenue, margins, earnings or synergies that is needed to be successful and to offset the impact of adverse 
economic conditions that already may exist or may develop in the future. The Group may also face delays or 
difficulties in implementing process and system improvements, which could adversely affect the Group’s 
ability to successfully compete in the markets it serves. In addition, the costs associated with implementing 
strategic plans may exceed anticipated amounts and the Group may not have sufficient financial resources to 
fund all of the desired or necessary investments required in connection with its plans, including one-time 
costs associated with the Group’s business consolidation and operating improvement plans. Consequently, if 
the Group fails to achieve its strategic goals, it would have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
Conversely, the achievement of certain strategic goals may also expose the Group to other risks. For 
example, a part of the Group’s strategy is to strive for growth including a substantial increase in the number 
of purchased portfolios. Such growth will come with an increase in the Group’s operations and the number 
of employees. As a result of the Group’s growth, the importance of managing operational risk relating to, for 
example, work processes, personnel, IT-systems, tax structuring and transfer pricing policies, financial 
reporting, operational infrastructure and the manner in which the Group addresses customer complaints or 
regulatory inquiries,  may increase. In addition, the Group has outsourced certain services including IT 
operations, and is consequently relying on external expertise which is not easily replicated internally. 
Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for the Group to provide reliable and accurate 
financial reports. If the Group is unable to provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud or other 
financial misconduct, the Group’s business and operating results could be harmed. Effective governance and 
internal control is also necessary for the Group to maintain an adequate risk management framework. 
Accordingly, failure to manage the Group’s projected growth effectively, and to maintain effective internal 
control and financial reporting systems in line with the Group’s growth, could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to acquisitions of debt portfolios as well as operations. 
The Group’s strategy is to grow in selected European markets, and a part of the strategy is to grow by 
acquiring companies and businesses. The Group primarily focuses on acquisitions of debt portfolios, and in 
2021 the Group’s portfolio acquisitions amounted to SEK 3,558 million. The portfolio acquisitions may be 
carried out in different structures, and in some models the Group will acquire not only the portfolio but also 
the operating company. The Group also strives to strengthen its business through strategic acquisitions. For

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
example, in 2019, the Group acquired the Italian company Maran Group, which added capacity and expertise 
to the operations in Italy and created an integrated service platform. Such acquisitions, where the Group 
acquires operating companies, always entail a number of risks and considerable uncertainty with respect to 
ownership, other rights, assets, liabilities, licences and permits, claims, legal proceedings, restrictions 
imposed by competition law, financial resources, environmental aspects and other aspects. These risks may 
be greater, more difficult or more extensive to analyse in certain countries or regions where the Group is or is 
contemplating to be active than would normally be the case.  
In connection with acquisitions, it is important to retain key employees and to have a well-functioning and 
effective integration process. There is a risk that dissatisfaction may arise among the personnel of the 
acquired business and the Group’s business, and that this ultimately leads to key employees choosing to 
terminate their employments, or that the different operations, personnel, technology and information 
technology of the acquired business and the Group’s business do not integrate effectively. In addition, in 
connection with acquisitions, the Group may incur considerable transaction, restructuring and administrative 
costs, as well as other integration-related costs and losses (including loss of business opportunities). 
Acquisitions may also be subject to purchase price adjustments, such as contingency payment arrangements. 
There is further a risk that anticipated synergies will not be realised, or that additional integration costs will 
be required in order to achieve synergies. Difficulties integrating future acquisitions, including unexpected or 
additional costs, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. Furthermore, there is a risk that in the future, the Group will be unable to carry out strategic 
acquisitions due to, for example, competition from other buyers or an impaired financial situation of the 
Group. If the Group fails to carry out strategic acquisitions, fails to realise anticipated synergies or incurs 
considerable costs, there is a risk that the Group’s expansion and growth is adversely affected or is 
completely absent, which would have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
The Issuer relies on its licence as a “Credit Market Company” and the loss or suspension of such licence 
could impair or terminate the Group’s access to deposit funding and the Group’s ability to conduct 
business. 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s licence as a “Credit Market Company”, it is subject to regulation and regulatory 
supervision applicable to the banking sector. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (the SFSA) is its primary regulator. The Issuer has established branches in the UK, 
Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, France, Romania and Poland and is therefore also subject to scrutiny 
from local regulators in these jurisdictions. The Issuer has passported its licence to conduct financial 
business into Cyprus, France, Greece, Germany and Austria. The Issuer and other members of the Group are 
subject to numerous local laws and regulatory supervision, including in relation to capital adequacy, risk 
control, financial services and business conduct, data protection, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, 
antitrust and administrative actions. For example, the Issuer processes large quantities of personal data in 
relation to its customers, which processing is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following the 
implementation of the general data protection regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the GDPR). Efforts to 
continuously ensure compliance with the GDPR is time-consuming and costly, and any non-compliance with 
applicable data protection legislation risks leading to substantial administrative fines and other actions which 
would have a material effect on the ability of the Issuer to conduct its business, such as a temporary or 
permanent ban on data processing.  
The Issuer is further subject to regulatory framework which requires it to take measures to counteract money 
laundering and terrorist financing within its operations. Criminal activity within the banking sector, in which 
the Group operates, has been increasingly uncovered in recent years with intense media coverage. There is a 
risk that the Issuer's procedures, internal control functions and guidelines to counteract money laundering 
and terrorist financing are not sufficient or adequate to ensure that the Issuer complies with the regulatory 
framework. This may result from, for example, insufficient procedures, internal control functions or 
guidelines, or errors by employees, suppliers or counterparties.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Any significant changes and/or developments in regulations, regulatory supervision and/or granted licences, 
or changes in oversight by the primary regulator could materially affect the Group’s business, the products 
and services the Group offers or the value of the Group’s assets. Any failure by the Group to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations and other requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention 
by regulators or the imposition of sanctions. Such sanctions could include the revocation by the SFSA of the 
Issuer’s licence as a “Credit Market Company”. The loss of the Issuer’s licence would mean that it would 
have to discontinue the offering of deposit savings accounts to the general public. As deposits are the 
Group’s principal source of funding, this would adversely affect the Group’s liquidity position and impair 
the Group’s ability to fund its business and potentially also impair or materially adversely affect the Group’s 
ability to continue its business as currently conducted. In addition, there is a risk that the Group would not be 
able to obtain other sources of funding within a short time period or at all, or that such alternative funding 
would not be available at similar costs. Other sanctions could include material fines. Any of these events 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to a risk of changes to, or failure to comply with, legislation and regulation relating 
to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. 
The Group is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a 
comprehensive and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial 
institutions. In addition to the risk-based capital adequacy regulation, there is also regulation regarding 
leverage ratio (i.e. a capital requirement independent from the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop).  
Regulations which have impacted the Group and are expected to continue to impact the Group include, 
among others, the EU Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended (CRD), and the EU Capital 
Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, as amended (CRR). CRD is supported by a set of binding 
technical standards developed by the EBA. The regulatory framework will continue to evolve, and any 
resulting changes could have a material impact on the Group’s business. 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components in 
the capital base with the highest quality: common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital, additional tier 1 capital and 
tier 2 capital. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD provides for further capital 
requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be applicable to the 
Issuer as determined by the SFSA. The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement which varies over 
time and is to be used to support credit supply in adverse market conditions. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic 
the SFSA decided, on 16 March 2020, to decrease the countercyclical buffer to 0.0 per cent from 2.5 per 
cent, which is the rate applicable as of the date of this Offering Circular. However, the SFSA decided on 29 
September 2021 to raise the countercyclical buffer rate to 1.0 per cent effective from 29 September 2022. 
In November 2020, the SFSA introduced changes to its application of Swedish banks' and financial 
institutions’ (including the Issuer’s) capital requirements in order to adapt them to the EU's so-called 
"banking package". The changes pertain primarily to changes in the application of Pillar 2 requirements 
(P2R) as well as the SFSA's position relating to the implementation of Pillar 2 guidance (P2G) and the 
application of the capital buffers. In May 2021, the SFSA published further guidelines on the application of 
the P2G to which banks and financial institutions are subject. Through the P2G, the SFSA informs a bank 
which capital level it expects the bank to hold over and above the minimum requirement, the P2R and the 
combined buffer requirement, to cover risks and manage future financial stresses. As of the date of this 
Offering Circular, the SFSA has not yet conducted its assessment in relation to the Issuer. The size of a 
potential P2G buffer and its impact on the Issuer is therefore uncertain. 
In addition, any changes to the assumptions the Group makes when purchasing portfolios may potentially 
have an impact on the value of the Group’s portfolios. When the Group purchases portfolios, it makes 
assumptions regarding gross collections and collection costs and the net present value of expected gross 
collections is reflected in the balance sheet carrying value of the Group’s portfolios. Should the Group 
experience higher collection costs than expected, for example due to lower collection efficiency or efficacy, 
changing laws or interpretations of applicable regulatory frameworks or changes in collection practices to 
more costly collection methods, such as increased use of legal systems, the profit and loss statement of the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Group would be adversely affected. Should the Group experience increased credit risk on its portfolios, such 
that the Group recovers less than expected from its customers, causing gross cash collections on the Group’s 
portfolios to decline, potentially significantly, these factors could consequently decrease the Group’s revenue 
as well as lower the carrying value of the Group’s portfolios as such changes could trigger revaluations. As 
such, the Group’s result of operations would be affected accordingly which would impact the Group’s equity 
and, in turn, the Group’s capital adequacy. A market perception or actual shortage of capital could result in 
regulatory actions, including requirements to raise additional regulatory capital, to retain earnings or suspend 
dividends or the issuance of a public censure or imposition of sanctions. This may affect the Group’s ability 
to generate a return on capital, purchase portfolios and pursue acquisitions or other strategic opportunities 
and may impact the Group’s future growth potential. In addition, possible sanctions could include the 
revocation by the SFSA of the Issuer’s licence as a “Credit Market Company”, and the loss or suspension of 
such licence could impair or terminate the Group’s access to deposit funding and the Group’s ability to 
conduct business. 
There is continued uncertainty with regards to the final calibration and implementation of further reforms 
proposed by the Basel Committee and the European Commission, and consequently the impact which these 
reforms may have on the Issuer’s business. Any reforms which impose additional capital requirements on the 
Issuer generally or require the Issuer to hold increased capital against certain exposures or make certain 
provisions may have an impact on the growth and operations of the Issuer’s business. On 26 April 2019, 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending the 
CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (NPL Backstop), entered into force 
requiring financial institutions, such as the Issuer, to make deductions from its CET1 capital to cover for 
NPLs on its regulatory balance sheet and effectively hold increased capital in the future for certain NPL 
exposures. In the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, the European Commission issued an action plan 
intended to prevent a future build-up of NPLs. On 13 December 2021, the EBA followed up the action plan 
with proposed amendments to the regulatory technical standards on credit risk adjustments supplementing 
the CRR, relating to the calculation of risk weight of defaulted exposures. The proposed amendments change 
the recognition for Article 127(1) of the CRR of credit risk adjustments to account for the transaction price 
upon a sale of an NPL. The amount used to determine the appropriate risk weight will thus be outlined so 
that the purchase of an asset with a discount equal to the credit risk adjustments assigned to the exposure by 
the seller does not change its risk weight. In the first quarter of 2021, the Issuer completed its first unrated 
Italian securitisation transaction under a securitisation programme partnership agreement with an external 
investor. The securitisation programme is structured with a view to achieving significant risk transfer in 
accordance with Article 244 of the CRR by establishing a structure whereby the assets subject to the NPL 
Backstop are acquired by consolidated special purpose vehicles and funded through the issuance of tranches 
of notes where the subordinated notes are placed with external investors. In 2019, the Issuer completed a 
stand-alone Italian rated securitisation transaction, also structured with a view to achieving significant risk 
transfer in accordance with Article 244 of the CRR. However, there is a risk that the establishment of the 
securitisation structure or any other holding structures will not be successful or effectively address the 
adverse effect of the NPL Backstop. 
The Group’s business, as well as external conditions, is constantly evolving. As a result, and to ensure 
compliance with the changing regulatory landscape, the Group may need to increase its own funds in the 
future, by reducing its lending or investment in other operations or raising additional capital. Such capital, 
whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be available on attractive 
terms, or at all. Further, regulatory changes could result in the Issuer’s existing regulatory capital ceasing to 
count either at the same level as present or at all, in changes to the current risk weights to the Group’s assets 
or in the Group being restricted from holding assets such as non-performing debt portfolios. If any entity of 
the Group is required to make additional provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change its 
approach to certain businesses as a result of, for example, the initiatives to strengthen the regulation of credit 
institutions, this would materially adversely affect the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s results of operations and 
financial condition, all of which may adversely affect the Group’s abilities to raise additional capital.  
Serious or systematic deviations by the Group from the above regulations would most likely lead to the 
SFSA determining that the Group’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness requirement for credit

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
institutions and thus result in the SFSA imposing sanctions on the Group. Further, any increase in the capital 
and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on the Group’s liquidity (should its revenue streams 
not cover continuous payment to be made under its issued capital), funding (should it not be able to raise 
funding on attractive terms, or at all), financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively 
affected) and results of operations (should its costs increase). 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any 
action under this Directive could materially affect the value of any Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to the EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU), known as the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
(which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) on 27 June 2019). The BRRD legislative 
package establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, requires 
EU credit institutions to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that may be taken 
to restore the long-term viability of the firm in the event of a material deterioration of its financial position.  
On 23 March 2021, a new Swedish government bill (prop. 2020/21:155) attributable to the Swedish 
implementation of BRRD II was presented. The bill was approved by the Swedish legislator in June 2021 
and entered into force on 1 July 2021. The legislation includes, inter alia, amendments to the applicable 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), which has been replaced with a new 
MREL requirement and a proposal to implement the Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity Term Sheet published 
by the Financial Stability Board on 9 November 2015 and endorsed by the G20 in November 2015 (the 
TLAC standard). The degree to which these legislative changes could affect the Issuer remains uncertain. 
The BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution 
authority (in Sweden, the Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgäldskontoret) (the Swedish National Debt 
Office)) upon certain conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers may be used alone or 
in combination and include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount 
of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities (which could include the Notes), whether subordinated or 
unsubordinated, of the firm in resolution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, including senior 
notes and subordinated notes (such as the Notes) into any other security, including CET1 instruments of the 
surviving entity, which equity could also be subject to any further application of the general bail-in tool. This 
means that most of such failing firm’s debt could be subject to bail-in, except for certain classes of debt, such 
as deposits and secured liabilities. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for relevant authorities to have the further power, 
before any other resolution action is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into equity relevant capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability (see the risk factor “Loss 
absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer” below for further information). Ultimately, the 
authority may take control of a failing firm and, for example, transfer the firm to a private purchaser or to a 
publicly controlled entity pending a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any 
prior shareholder approval. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the 
rights of creditors. Under the BRRD regime, Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity 
on any application of the general bail-in tool or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) non-viability loss 
absorption. In such circumstances, this will likely result in Noteholders losing some or all of their 
investment. The general bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise a firm that is failing or about to fail, allowing 
authorities to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and 
restructuring. The write-down and conversion power can be used either together with, or also, independently 
of, a resolution action. Other powers provided to resolution authorities under the BRRD in respect of debt 
instruments (which could include the Notes) include replacing or substituting the firm as obligor in respect of 
such debt instruments; modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of debt instruments.  
In order to, among other things, ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, all in-scope 
firms must have sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities available to absorb losses and contribute to 
recapitalisation if the bail-in tool were to be applied. Each firm must meet an individual MREL, calculated as 
a percentage of total liabilities and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities (the Swedish 
National Debt Office for Sweden) on a case by case basis. 
On 23 February 2017, the Swedish National Debt Office presented the finalised model for the calculation of 
MREL, stating that systemically important institutions need to replace a portion of their existing bonds with 
subordinated bonds. Firms which are not deemed as systemically important will not be affected by the 
framework presented by the Swedish National Debt Office; in a crisis, such firms will be declared bankrupt 
or placed in liquidation rather than resolution. The model presented for the calculation of MREL took effect 
from 1 January 2018 and firms must progressively build up the volume of subordinated liabilities required to 
meet the minimum requirement by 2024. The Issuer is currently not considered as a systematically important 
firm but if it would be considered to be systemically important in the future, the Issuer will need to issue a 
significant amount of additional eligible liabilities in order to meet the new MREL requirements within the 
required timeframes. If the Issuer was to experience difficulties in raising eligible liabilities, there is a risk 
that it will have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations, which will have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish National Debt Office described 
in the BRRD (as implemented into Swedish law) will affect the Issuer, the Group or the Noteholders. 
However, the powers and tools given to the Swedish National Debt Office are numerous and the exercise of 
any of those powers or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes. 
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer. 
Investors in Subordinated Notes are subject to the risk that the Subordinated Notes may be required to absorb 
losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on resolution and competent authorities in Sweden (the 
Swedish National Debt Office and the SFSA, respectively). As noted above under the risk factor “The Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit 
institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under this 
Directive could materially affect the value of any Notes.”, the powers provided to the Swedish National Debt 
Office and the SFSA under the BRRD include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that relevant capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing 
firm in order to allow it to continue as a going concern subject to appropriate restructuring. As a result, the 
BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities (the Swedish National Debt Office) may require the 
permanent write-down of such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of 
them into CET1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which CET1 instruments may also be subject to 
any subsequent application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in or 
resolution tool can be used. Measures ultimately adopted in this area may apply to any debt currently in 
issue, including Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme. Accordingly, in a worst case scenario, the 
capital instruments may be written down and the value of the Notes may be reduced to zero. 
The application of any non-viability loss absorption measure may result in holders of Subordinated Notes 
losing some or all of their investment. Any such conversion to equity or write-off of all or part of an 
investor's principal (including accrued but unpaid interest) shall not constitute an event of default and holders 
of Subordinated Notes will have no further claims in respect of any amount so converted or written off. The 
exercise of any such power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which 
may be outside the Issuer's control. Any such exercise, or any suggestion that the Subordinated Notes could

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
become subject to such exercise, could, therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
A decision that the Group’s deposits shall no longer be covered by the Swedish state-provided deposit 
guarantee scheme, or changes to the deposit guarantee scheme in its current form, could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s operations. 
Due to the Issuer’s licence as a “Credit Market Company”, it is able to offer corporate and retail deposits to 
the general public that are covered by the Swedish state-provided deposit guarantee scheme, which 
guarantees an amount of SEK 1,050,000 (with some exceptions) for each depositor. As such, the Group is 
required to establish internal processes to handle operational risk related to the deposits, including managing 
and securing the data systems utilised to host the deposits. Any failure by the Group to comply with these 
requirements could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, including a decision 
that the Issuer’s deposits shall no longer be covered by the deposit guarantee scheme. The loss of coverage 
by the deposit guarantee scheme would likely mean that the Group would have to discontinue the offering of 
deposit savings accounts to the general public, which would adversely affect the Group’s liquidity position 
and impair the Group’s ability to fund its business and potentially also impair or terminate the Group’s 
ability to continue its business as currently conducted. 
In recent years, the relevant regulatory authorities in Sweden and Europe have proposed (and in some cases 
have commenced implementation of) changes to many aspects of the banking sector, including, among 
others, deposit guarantee schemes. While the impact of these regulatory developments remains uncertain, the 
Group expects that the evolution of these and future initiatives could have an impact on its business, 
including by imposing greater administrative and financial burdens on the Group. Increased costs may result 
from, for example, changes to the guarantee scheme leading to increased contributions to the schemes by 
covered financial institutions. Changes could also lead to the guaranteed amounts being lowered.  
Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to sensitive data. 
The Group’s ability to conduct its business, including accurately pricing debt portfolios, tracing customers 
and developing tailored repayment plans, depends on the Group’s ability to use customer data. The Group’s 
processing of customer data is governed by data protection laws, privacy requirements and other regulatory 
restrictions, including, for example, that personal data may only be collected for specified, explicit and 
legitimate purposes, and may only be processed in a manner consistent with these purposes. Further, the 
collected personal data must be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it 
is collected and/or processed, and it must not be kept in a form that permits identification of customers for a 
longer period of time than necessary for the purposes of the collection. There is a risk that the Group’s 
security controls over personal customer data, its training of employees and partners on data protection, and 
other data protection practices the Group follows, will not prevent the improper disclosure or processing of 
such sensitive information in breach of applicable laws and contracts. Any material failure to process 
customer data in compliance with applicable laws could result in a prohibition to process certain personal 
data for as long as such non-compliance lasts, which would limit the Group’s ability to collect debt during 
that time, as well as monetary fines, criminal charges, reputational loss and breach of contractual 
arrangements. Failure to comply with applicable data protection laws presents a significant risk and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
The GDPR imposes a substantially higher compliance burden on the debt purchasing industry and could 
potentially impair the Group’s ability to use customer data by, for example, restricting the Group’s ability to 
create customer profiles. The GDPR has affected the Group’s processing of customer data, but the Group’s 
customer data collected in accordance with the GDPR is still a valuable asset on which the Group is 
dependent. Consequently, the Group is exposed to the risk that the information or customer data that the 
Group uses would become public and available to its competitors, which could occur as a result of a change

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
in governmental regulation, or if the countries where the Group operates were to introduce measures that 
have the effect of facilitating the tracing of customers, or if the current data processing restrictions were to 
change such that credit market participants could access credit information before the purchase of portfolios. 
Further, there is a risk that the current data processing restrictions may change such that the Group would be 
prohibited from using customer data in the manner or to the extent in which it is currently used. If any of 
these risks materialise, the Group could lose a significant competitive advantage and the Group’s business 
could be negatively affected. 
Failure to protect, monitor and control the use of the Group’s customer data could also cause the Group to 
lose a competitive advantage. The Group relies on a combination of contractual provisions and 
confidentiality procedures to protect its customer data and the Group’s customer data is stored and protected 
in its information technology infrastructure platform with access limitations. These measures afford only 
limited protection and there is a risk that competitors or others may gain access to the Group’s customer 
data. Any unauthorised use, misappropriation, or disclosure of the Group’s customer data could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s competitiveness. 
The Group is subject to on-going risks of legal and regulatory claims.  
In the ordinary course of the Group’s business, it is subject to regulatory supervision and the risk of claims 
being brought against the Group by customers from which the Group collects debt. In recent years, in some 
jurisdictions where the Group is active there has been a substantial increase in consumer claims being 
brought through the courts in attempts to claim refunds of sums paid under consumer credit agreements or to 
avoid making payments going forward. This sort of litigation has been fuelled by a substantial rise in the 
number and activity of claims management companies that aggressively advertise for potential claimants and 
then bring claims in the hope and expectation that they will be paid a portion of any debt written off.  
There is a risk that material litigation, disputes or regulatory investigations may occur in the future, and that 
companies in the Group may in the future be named as defendants in litigation, including under consumer 
credit, tax, collections, employment, competition and other laws. Claims could also be brought in relation to 
other areas of alleged non-compliance, which could affect a large portfolio of agreements. In addition, claims 
management companies and consumer rights groups could increase their focus on the debt collection 
industry and, in particular, the collection of debts owed under credit agreements. Such negative publicity or 
attention could result in increased regulatory scrutiny and increased litigation against the Group, including 
class action suits. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the Group to monetary damages, direct 
or indirect costs, direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or 
authorisations, or loss of reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on the Group’s 
businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.  
Claims against the Group, regardless of merit, could subject the Group to costly litigation or proceedings and 
divert the Group’s management personnel from their regular responsibilities. In addition, claims against the 
Group relating to labour disputes, such as non-compliance with collective bargain agreements, could also 
cause the Group to incur additional labour costs and cause disruptions to the Group’s operations. Adverse 
regulatory actions against the Group, or adverse judgements in litigation processes, may result in the Group 
being forced to suspend certain collection efforts, being subject to enforcement orders, one or more 
companies in the Group having registration with a particular regulator revoked or being held liable for 
damage caused to third parties. If such liability is not covered by adequate insurances, this could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business and financial condition. An increased number of claims 
and liabilities could also have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to obtain required and adequate 
insurances for its operations, or increase the cost of these insurances. 
If any of these risks relating to legal and regulatory claims materialise, it could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to tax-related risks.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
The Group conducts operations in multiple European countries and is thus subject to taxation and tax laws 
and regulations in several jurisdictions. The Group has implemented cross-border arrangements within the 
Group, for example regarding allocation of certain functions such as preparation and analysis of investment 
decisions, purchase of debt portfolios and collection activities relating to debt portfolios between companies 
in the Group, which expose the Group to tax risks relating to among other things transfer pricing. The Group 
has also adopted, and regularly updates, Group transfer pricing policies setting out the framework for how 
the Group prices activities carried out within the Group. The Group has identified potential tax exposures in 
various jurisdictions in which the Group operates relating primarily to VAT, transfer pricing, permanent 
establishment and corporate income tax. Certain identified exposures concern significant amounts 
individually and the aggregate amount of the risks combined is material. 
The Group is exposed to potential tax risk resulting from the varying applications and interpretations of tax 
laws, treaties, regulations and guidance, including in relation to corporate income tax, VAT and the other 
identified exposures. There is a risk that relevant tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates may disagree with, and subsequently challenge, the Group’s positions. As an example, in July 2021 
following developments in an ongoing tax audit, the Group announced that it had reviewed its total 
provisions for tax risks. This resulted in additional provisions, which had a net effect of the tax risk provision 
totalling SEK -97 million during the second quarter of 2021. Accordingly, should the Group be subject to 
adverse tax decisions relating to either identified or unidentified potential tax exposures, this could change 
the Group’s actual tax exposure, both on a Group and individual country basis, and result in significantly 
increased tax liabilities, including accrued interest and penalties, which would have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position. 
There is also a risk that the Group’s tax status may be changed as a consequence of amended laws, tax 
treaties or other provisions. For example, tax structuring within international groups has increasingly become 
a corporate social responsibility issue and following the rapid development and implementation of the Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plan, launched by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (OECD) and supported by the EU, the BEPS may lead to a stricter interpretation of 
various tax rules and concepts as well as increased global tax coordination among jurisdictions. In the 
financial year 2021, the Group’s tax expenses totalled SEK 78 million, which translates into an effective tax 
rate of 204 per cent. There is a risk that amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions, which may apply 
retroactively, will lead to increased tax expenses and a high effective tax rate for the Group, which would 
negatively affect its results of operations. 
Changes in accounting principles 
The Issuer prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) and International Accounting Standards (IAS) as adopted by the EU. From time to time, the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the EU and other regulatory bodies change the financial 
accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Issuer’s financial statements, which 
may lead to significant changes in the reported financial statements. Any future changes in reporting 
standards can be difficult to predict and could impact how the Issuer records and reports its financial 
statements, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. 
Financial risks 
The Group is exposed to refinancing risk and a risk of not being able to obtain additional financing. 
The Group relies on its deposit funding base to fund the vast majority of its debt purchases. As at 
31 December 2021, the Group’s deposits from the public amounted to SEK 18.1 billion (representing 
60 per cent. of the Group’s funding), of which SEK 8.5 billion related to deposits in Sweden and SEK 9.5 
billion related to German household deposits denominated in EUR. In 2021, the Issuer also launched 
deposits from the public in the UK. Deposits are subject to the risk of large withdrawals and/or redemptions 
occurring at short notice and thus that there may be a mismatch between the Group’s need for funding of the 
Group’s liabilities and the Group’s access to liquidity. The outflow of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
a number of factors, many of which are outside of the Group’s control, such as general economic conditions, 
including a substantial increase in insolvencies, unemployment and inflation rates. A perceived increase in 
the risk of the Group’s operations by its depositors may also lead to outflows of deposits. Should there be a 
substantial outflow of deposits, the Group may be unable to generate sufficient liquidity from its existing 
portfolios, which would adversely affect the Group’s ability to purchase additional portfolios as they become 
available and thus risk having a negative effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. In addition to the above-mentioned risk relating to the Group’s reliance on its deposit funding 
base, there is a risk that the Group in the future will not have access to alternative sources of liquidity, such 
as the equity and/or debt capital markets or bank financing. At the maturity of the Group’s existing 
financing, the Group may be unable, should it wish, to successfully refinance the indebtedness or only 
succeed in borrowing at substantially increased cost, due to changed market conditions, a perceived increase 
in the risk of the Group’s operations by investors in the Issuer’s bonds or by other potential lenders, or any 
other relevant factors. Further, a downgrade of the Issuer’s credit rating could, amongst other things, increase 
the Group’s borrowing costs, adversely affect its liquidity position, limit its access to the capital markets, 
undermine confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Group and/or limit the range of counterparties 
willing to enter into transactions with the Group. The nominal amount of the Group’s funding sources, in 
particular long-term financing, may be limited during liquidity pressure in the financial markets. Turbulence 
in the global financial markets and economy may also adversely affect the Group’s ability to refinance, 
which may result in a higher risk profile. An inability to access alternative sources of liquidity and to 
refinance the Group’s existing debt as it falls due and payable without incurring substantially increased cost, 
may have a material negative effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Negative publicity and other events relating to the Group’s reputation could also affect the Group’s access to 
funding. For example, such events could affect the relationships with the Group’s current or potential deposit 
customers, which could lead to withdrawals from the Group’s deposit accounts and decreased levels of new 
deposits from the public, and adversely affect the Group’s relationships with investors in the equity and/or 
debt capital markets, which could lead to decreased availability of capital markets originated equity and/or 
debt.  
In light of the above, the degree to which refinancing risk and the risk of the Group not being able to obtain 
additional financing may affect the Group is uncertain, and presents a highly significant risk to the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition.  
The Group is exposed to market and liquidity risks. 
The Group is subject to market, liquidity and counterparty risks in relation to its assets held as liquidity 
reserve. As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s liquidity reserve amounted to SEK 7,119 million, equal to 24 
per cent of the Group’s total assets, which was largely made up of Swedish government and municipal bonds 
and covered bonds, and also includes short-term lending to other banks. The Group’s ability to sell these 
assets at a commercially desirable price or at all may be impaired if other market participants are seeking to 
sell such assets at the same time or when the market value of such assets is difficult to ascertain due to 
market volatility or otherwise uncertain market conditions. Consequently, there is a risk that the Group may 
be unable to repay its debts as they fall due if the Group is unable to realise its liquidity reserve into cash, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity and financial condition. 
In addition, the Group is exposed to risks where suitable hedge instruments for the types of risk to which the 
Group is exposed are not available at a reasonable cost or at all. The Group continuously hedges its 
unwanted market and liquidity risks, as well as other exposures. However, there is a risk that the Group’s 
hedges are not implemented correctly or that there will be a mismatch between the performance of the 
Group’s hedging instruments and the effects of the items being hedged. Hedging may thus lead to large 
losses for the Group. These losses may arise for various reasons, for example a counterparty failing to 
perform its obligations under an applicable hedging agreement, shortcomings in the agreement, non-
compliance with the Group’s internal hedging policies and procedures, or such policies and procedures 
failing to function as they should, all of which risk having a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity 
and financial condition.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Increases in interest rates may negatively impact the Group’s profit. 
The Group is subject to the risk that its net interest income is negatively impacted as a result of increases in 
prevailing interest rate levels or due to a mismatch between the interest rates paid to borrow funds and the 
income generated from purchased portfolios. The net effect of changes to the Group’s net interest income 
depends on the relative levels of assets and liabilities that are affected by the changes in interest rates. On the 
liabilities side, the Group’s interest expenses are affected by interest rate variations on deposits from the 
general public and could, in the future, be affected by interest rate variations on any loans with a floating 
interest rate. An interest rate increase would likely have a negative impact on the Group’s profit to the extent 
that the increase in market rates would affect interest rates and interest expenses on loans and deposits from 
the general public, at the same time as income from the Group’s purchased portfolios could increase to a 
lesser extent. The Group is particularly exposed to interest rate changes due to the long-term cash flow 
profile of its assets, which is primarily linked to the income generated from purchased portfolios, relative to 
the short-term cash flow profile of the Group’s liabilities. Because of such duration mismatch between assets 
and liabilities, the effects of interest rate changes will not be naturally fully offset against each other. 
As a result, the Group may enter into derivative transactions to attempt to hedge the unwanted portion of 
such exposure. Despite measures to hedge the Group’s interest rate exposures through, for example, interest 
rate swaps, any remaining mismatch caused by interest rate variations may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and the performance by the Issuer of its 
obligations under the Notes. As at 31 December 2021, a sudden and permanent parallel shift of -/+ 100 basis 
points in short-term market interest rates would result in a total impact of SEK 114 million on the Group’s 
profit/loss over one year. The impact on the Group’s equity would be +/- 2.3 per cent. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of currency fluctuations. 
Foreign currency fluctuations may have an adverse impact on the Group’s income statement, balance sheet 
and/or cash flows as a result of the reporting currency used in preparing the Issuer’s balance sheet being 
different from the reporting currency of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, the Issuer’s assets and liabilities being 
stated in different currencies and certain revenue and costs arising in different currencies.  
The results of, and the financial position of, the Issuer’s subsidiaries are reported in relevant local currencies, 
and then translated into the reporting currency of the Issuer, which is SEK, at the applicable exchange rates 
for inclusion in the Issuer’s balance sheet. Further, the debt portfolios of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (that 
is, the Issuer’s and its subsidiaries’ primary assets) are all denominated in currencies other than SEK, while 
the Issuer’s deposits raised from the public (that being the Issuer’s dominant liability) are denominated in 
SEK and EUR. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to currency risk with respect to adverse fluctuations in the 
exchange rates between SEK and relevant foreign currencies, of which the most significant currencies are 
EUR, GBP and PLN. For example, if the SEK exchange rate is weakened, this would lead to an increased 
book value of foreign debt portfolios in the Issuer’s reporting and thus have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
capital adequacy. 
Exchange rates between reporting currencies of the Issuer’s subsidiaries and the reporting currency of the 
Issuer have in recent years fluctuated significantly and may in the future fluctuate significantly due to, 
among other things, the overall instability of the European monetary union. Based on the conditions 
prevailing on 31 December 2021, a +/- 10 per cent. change in the EUR/SEK, GBP/SEK and PLN/SEK 
exchange rates would have resulted in a translation effect on the Group’s operating profit corresponding to 
SEK 3 million, SEK 1 million and SEK 3 million, respectively. Accordingly, to the extent that foreign 
exchange rate exposures are not hedged, there is a risk that any significant movements in the relevant 
exchange rates would have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
interest payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset 
Notes. 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, 
a Subsequent Reset Rate). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial 
Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities,

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as “eligible liabilities” is subject to uncertainty. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in Condition 3.5) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations (as defined in Condition 3.5) then applicable) of the Issuer and the Group. However, the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that such Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities.  
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
Condition 7.14, (i) where “Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (ii) where 
“Substitution or variation” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or the 
terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying 
Securities. See “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return” and “Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes” for a description of certain risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. As provided under Condition 3.2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
rights of the holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to the claims 
of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities; (ii) at least pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and (iii) senior to 
holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated obligations or other securities of 
the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: 
konkurs), the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-
ranking creditors in full, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of more 
senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its 
obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be 
substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose 
all or some of its investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. 
As described under Condition 3.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the rights of a holder of Notes 
in respect of any Subordinated Notes shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of depositors and other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors 
in full, the holders of Subordinated Notes will lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there 
are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient 
assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
Events of Default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and certain Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
The only Events of Default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and (where 
“Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) Senior Preferred Notes are set out in Condition 
10.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If an Event of Default in relation to a Senior Non-Preferred 
Note, a Subordinated Note or (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) a Senior 
Preferred Note has occurred under Condition 10.2, the Trustee may institute such steps, including the 
obtaining of a judgement against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant Notes, as it thinks 
desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any Notes become due and payable pursuant to Condition 
10.2, the Issuer shall, except (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes only) with 
the prior consent of the Resolution Authority (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the SFSA (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes) (in each case if such consent is required), only be required to make such 
payment after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
No limitation on issuing debt. 
Save as set out in Condition 4 of the terms and conditions of the Notes (for so long as such undertakings and 
covenants are applicable), there is no restriction under the terms and conditions of the Notes on the amount 
of debt which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated 
Notes or on the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to or pari passu with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes. As a result this may reduce the amount recoverable 
by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes on the bankruptcy or any liquidation of the 
Issuer. 
Early Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them 
after a minimum period as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) (this would be expected to be at least five years in the case of Subordinated 
Notes), or even earlier than such specified date (and at any time) upon the occurrence of a Tax Event (as 
defined in Condition 7.2(ii) or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, a MREL Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 7.13) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event. If the Issuer 
considers it favourable to exercise any such call option, the Issuer must first obtain the prior consent of the 
Resolution Authority (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the SFSA (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes). 
Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and should not invest in such 
Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. In order for such Notes to be 
redeemed, the Resolution Authority or the SFSA (as applicable) must first, in its discretion, agree to permit

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors 
at the relevant time. In addition, if the Issuer seeks approval to exercise a call option before five years from 
the date of issuance of the Subordinated Notes, the SFSA may only give its approval if certain conditions 
have been met in relation to changes in tax law or regulatory capital treatment of such Notes. There can be 
no assurance that the Resolution Authority or the SFSA (as applicable) will permit such a call or that the 
Issuer will exercise such a call.  
Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period until the Maturity Date which could 
affect the market value of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes. 
Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
specify that “Substitution or variation” applies, if at any time in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a 
MREL Disqualification Event or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event occurs and is continuing 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19.5, the Issuer may, subject to 
obtaining the prior consent (if such consent is required) of the Resolution Authority (in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or the SFSA (in the case of Subordinated Notes) (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the relevant Noteholders or, subject as provided in Condition 7.15, the Trustee) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated 
Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes 
and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 7.15. The Terms 
and Conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different 
from the terms and conditions of the original Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, provided that the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes remain or, 
as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying 
Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially less 
favourable to the holders of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes as a class, no 
assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. 
In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp 
duty consequences for them of holding the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation. 
Call options may not be exercised. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them 
after a minimum period of, for example, five years. To exercise such a call option the Issuer must obtain the 
prior consent of the Resolution Authority (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the SFSA (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes). Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes 
and should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. Even if 
the Issuer is given prior consent by the Resolution Authority or the SFSA (as applicable), any decision by the 
Issuer as to whether it will exercise calls in respect of such Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion of 
the Issuer with regard to factors such as the economic impact of exercising such calls, regulatory capital 
requirements and prevailing market conditions. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the 
minimum period.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
No right of set-off or counterclaim. 
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in respect of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes and (ii) any Senior Preferred Notes where “Waiver of Set-Off” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), no Noteholder who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation), bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) 
or resolution (Sw: resolution) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any are 
payable) held by such Noteholder. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes and 
certain Senior Preferred Notes. 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes and (if “Senior Preferred 
Notes Restricted Gross Up” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement)) the Senior Preferred Notes applies only to payments of 
interest due and paid under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or any such Senior 
Preferred Notes and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts under the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or any such 
Senior Preferred Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or any such Senior Preferred Notes, as the case may be, 
holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value of 
such Notes may be adversely affected. Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or any 
such Senior Preferred Notes should note that “principal” for these purposes may include any payments of 
premium. 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a Reference Rate or, in the case of Fixed Reset Notes, a Floating Leg Reference Rate), are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use 
in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
"benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors, and the additional 
factors described under "Discontinuation of benchmark rates" below, may have the following effects on 
certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
"benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark".  
Discontinuation of benchmark rates. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR and other benchmark rates (including 
STIBOR and NIBOR) will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause any such benchmark 
rate to perform differently than it has done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes which are (i) Fixed Reset Notes or (ii) Floating Rate Notes where 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) as the 
manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined (any such Notes, Relevant Notes) provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark rate, such as EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) otherwise occurs in relation to 
any such benchmark rate. Such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that the relevant rate of 
interest (or, as applicable, the relevant component part thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), that, if a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is so determined, an Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions) shall also be determined by the relevant Independent Adviser and that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the Trust Deed may be made (without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders) to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. Investors should note that the relevant Independent 
Adviser will have discretion to determine the applicable Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described 
in the Terms and Conditions, and in any event an Adjustment Spread may not be effective in reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice to investors arising out of the replacement of the original benchmark 
rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). Any such adjustment or 
amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to 
each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
will still result in any Notes referencing an original benchmark rate performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form.  No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection 
with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances (including, in the case of the Relevant Notes, if the Independent Adviser appointed 
by the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread), the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate 
which was last observed on the relevant screen page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in 
respect of an Interest Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. 
In addition, potential investors should also note that: 
(i) 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to 
the terms of Relevant Notes will be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes as (A) in 
the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or (B) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, no Adjustment Spread will be applied and no other amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed will be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Resolution Authority treating 
the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as applicable, as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described 
above) will apply. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally. 
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption pursuant to the BRRD as implemented in Sweden. 
Pursuant to the BRRD as implemented in Sweden, Notes may be written down or converted to CET1 
instruments through the application of (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred or 
Subordinated Notes) the general bail-in tool or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the non-viability loss 
absorption powers, or the rights of Noteholders may otherwise be modified or affected if the relevant

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
resolution authorities exercise any other powers under such regime to the Issuer and/or any Notes. See "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit 
institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under this 
Directive could materially affect the value of any Notes" and "Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of 
the Issuer". Noteholders will likely lose all or some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in 
Notes in the event that such powers are applied in respect of the Issuer and/or any Notes, and any indication 
or expectation that such powers may be used in respect of the Issuer or any Notes will likely have a material 
adverse effect on the market price of Notes and may reduce liquidity and/or increase volatility in any market 
for the Notes.   
By acquiring any Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to acknowledge, accept and consent to the 
application or exercise of such Swedish statutory loss absorption powers in respect of their Notes or any 
liability thereunder, as provided in Condition 19.5, and shall be bound by the effect of any such application 
or exercise. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15. In addition, the conditions of the Notes provide 
that the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (as 
defined in the conditions) in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.4 without the consent 
or approval of the Noteholder or Couponholders. 
To be bound in any way as described above could materially adversely affect the interests of Noteholders, 
including those Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did 
not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically and those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or 
disapply certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with 
its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of 
any of those financial difficulties. Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, or 
have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts 
any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in 
the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court 
can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on 
all creditors and members regardless of whether they approved it and may, therefore, adversely affect the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes where it has the effect of 
modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes. 
Certain covenants may be suspended based on the credit rating of the Issuer and/or any Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes contain certain undertakings and covenants by the 
Issuer, as described in Condition 4. 
However, the Terms and Conditions also provide that, if at any time the Issuer and any Senior Preferred 
Notes are assigned an investment grade rating by any Rating Agency (as defined in Condition 7.7) (being, in 
relation to Moody's, a rating of Baa3 or better, in relation to S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a rating of 
BBB- or better, or a comparable rating from any other Rating Agency (as defined in Condition 7.7)) and no 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10.1) has occurred and is continuing, then with effect on and from 
the next day and continuing until such time as the Issuer and/or any Senior Preferred Notes cease to have an 
investment grade rating from a Rating Agency, the Issuer will not be subject to the undertakings and 
covenants contained in Condition 4 and such provisions shall cease to be binding on the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has been rated Baa3 in respect of long-term debt by 
Moody’s and the Programme has been rated (P)Baa3 in respect of long-term senior unsecured preferred debt. 
Accordingly, the undertakings and covenants described above may be subject to suspension with effect on 
and from the issue date of any Senior Preferred Notes. 
For so long as the undertakings and covenants contained in Condition 4 are suspended, the Issuer and other 
members of the Group would, inter alia, be able to incur additional financial indebtedness, make 
distributions and provide security for financial indebtedness, which may conflict with the interests of holders 
of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law (save that the provisions of the Notes under Conditions 
3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by the laws of Sweden) in effect 
as at the date of this Offering Circular.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law or Swedish law, as the case may be, or administrative practice after the 
date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Enforceability of judgments. 
The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the conditions of the Notes. As at the 
date of this Offering Circular, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters obtained in the courts of 
England, against the Issuer, which is enforceable in the UK, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor 
enforceable in Sweden and the Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the courts of Sweden. 
However, if any Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgment rendered 
in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the 
outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab 
initio. A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a state which is a 
contracting state bound by the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments 
in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) would be 
recognised and enforceable in Sweden, without re-examination or re-litigation of the matter, subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Lugano Convention. The UK has applied to re-join the Lugano 
Convention as an independent sovereign state, which at the date of this Offering Circular is still subject to 
approval from the EU. However, the European Commission communicated on 4 May 2021 that it considers 
that the EU should not give its consent to the accession of the UK to the Lugano Convention. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including risks related to the liquidity on the 
secondary market, exchange rates and exchange control, interest rates and credit ratings. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large 
allocations to a limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
exchange rate or other market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions (which continue as at the date of this Offering Circular), whereby there is a general lack of 
liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in 
investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary re-sales even if there is no decline in the performance of 
the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and whether (if 
and when they do change) there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the 
Notes at that time. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2020 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at 
https://vp201.alertir.com/afw/files/press/hoist/202103225310-1.pdf);  
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at 
https://annualreport.hoistfinance.com/files/PDF/Hoist-Finance-Annual-and-
Sustainabilityreport2021.pdf); and  
(c) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 
March 2022 (which can be viewed at http://ir.hoistfinance.com/afw/files/press/hoist/202204271018-
1.pdf ); and 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Offering Circulars dated: 
(i) 
3 August 2018, pages 78 to 126 (inclusive) (which can be viewed at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_f790061b-
f161-49c7-8e4f-099c6b2403ed.PDF), as supplemented by the supplement dated 17 
September 
2018 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at 
http://ir.hoistfinance.com/sites/default/files/supplement_dated_17_september_2018_to_the_
offering_circular_dated_3_august_2018.pdf); 
(ii) 
5 August 2020, pages 80 to 133 (inclusive) (which can be viewed at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0b29ae73-
07e2-4dc5-899d-58f3261eed79.PDF); and  
(iii) 
1 
July 
2021, 
pages 
83 
to 
137 
(inclusive) 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at 
https://www.hoistfinance.com/globalassets/downloads/hoistfinance.com/debt-investors/debt-
programs/hoist-2021---offering-circular-01.07.2021.pdf), 
each prepared in connection with the Programme. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be issued outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether or not such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in 
the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of 
a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the 
Trustee is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if 
an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the common 
depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are 
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the 
Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to 
the Trustee is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a reasonable period, or (ii) is unable for any 
reason to do so and the failure or inability shall be continuing.   
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which are not Exempt Notes.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)].]3 
[Date] 
HOIST FINANCE AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300NPK3FB2BEL4D08 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 22 June 2022 which [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]], constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)] (the Offering Circular).  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Offering Circular 
has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [3 August 2018]/[5 August 2020]/[1 July 2021] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 22 June 2022.  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)] and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 
22 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular), including the Conditions 
                                                     
3 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The 
Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Hoist Finance AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer Note multiple denominations 
above [€]100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€]100,000 and integral multiples of [€]1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including [€]199,000.  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€]199,000."))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest on Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[         ]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] [specify 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[[[         ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- 
[         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
16 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/ Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/ Subordinated Notes]  
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[         ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year/[         ]] up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
First Reset Rate and any Subsequent 
Reset Rate: 
[[Principal Paying Agent]/[         ]] (the Calculation 
Agent) 
(h) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(i) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
(j) 
Second Reset Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]] 
(l) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[   ] 
(o) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(p) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum (quoted on [an annual/a 
semi-annual] basis) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[Principal Paying Agent]/[         ]] (the Calculation 
Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Stockholm business day prior

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
to the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR and 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” are not 
workable in a notes context. Amendments will 
therefore need to be made to the Conditions which 
will require a Prospectus Regulation drawdown 
prospectus for the issue) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR. STIBOR or NIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2, Condition 
7.12 and Condition 7.13: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part only] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[   ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[   ]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[   ]]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
The [   ] Business Day preceding the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable in 
part only] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(It is anticipated that this option will only be stated 
to be "Applicable" in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes unless otherwise agreed. If not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (including 
due to the occurrence of a Tax Event), a 
Capital Event, a MREL Disqualification 
Event or on event of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20054] 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].")] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
28. 
Additional provisions applicable to Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(a) 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Events of Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Gross Up: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes) 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
                                                     
4 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Hoist Finance AB (publ): 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [         ]. 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Offering 
Circular/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[[         ], as updated, as set out on][See] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[[         ], as updated, as set out on][See] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)].]3 
[Date] 
HOIST FINANCE AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300NPK3FB2BEL4D08 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either Article 3 of 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus Regulation] or section 85 of the 
[Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA)][FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
either Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation), in each case, in relation to such offer.]4 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 22 June 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the Offering Circular).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular.  Copies of 
the Offering Circular may be obtained during normal business hours, free of charge, from the registered 
office of the Issuer at P.O. Box 7848, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be 
defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular [dated 
[original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular]5.  
                                                     
3 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
4 Include relevant legend wording here for each of the EEA and UK if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that regime 
are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document will be 
prepared, under that regime). 
5 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Hoist Finance AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest on Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
 
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date falling 
in [or nearest] to [specify month and year]]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes/ Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/ Subordinated Notes]  
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[         ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Conditions): 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
First Reset Rate and any Subsequent 
Reset Rate: 
[[Principal Paying Agent]/[         ]] (the Calculation 
Agent) 
(h) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(i) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
(j) 
Second Reset Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]] 
(l) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[   ]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(o) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(p) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum (quoted on [an annual/a 
semi-annual] basis) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[Principal Paying Agent]/[         ]] (the Calculation 
Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/specify 
other Reference Rate] (Either EURIBOR, STIBOR, 
NIBOR or other, although additional information is 
required if other, including fallback provisions in the 
Agency Agreement.) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Stockholm business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR and 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g))  
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” are not 
workable in a notes context. Amendments will 
therefore need to be made to the Conditions which 
will require a Prospectus Regulation drawdown 
prospectus for the issue) 
 
ISDA Definitions:  
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[         ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
[Other] 
(m) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[         ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2, Condition 
7.12 and Condition 7.13: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable in 
part only] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
[         ]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Amount: 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[   ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[   ]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[   ]]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
The [   ] Business Day preceding the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part only] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(It is anticipated that this option will only be stated 
to be "Applicable" in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes unless otherwise agreed. If not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph)

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (including 
due to the occurrence of a Tax Event), a 
Capital Event, a MREL Disqualification 
Event or on event of default and/or the 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
method of calculating the same (if required): 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20056]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
28. 
Additional provisions applicable to Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(a) 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Events of Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Gross Up: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes) 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
                                                     
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
32. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of Hoist Finance AB (publ): 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market – note this must not be an 
EEA regulated market or the London Stock 
Exchange’s main market] with effect from [         ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Offering Circular)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[[         ], as updated, as set out on][See] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[[         ], as updated, as set out on][See] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
identification number(s): 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of 
Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions 
for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Hoist Finance AB (publ) (the Issuer) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Trust Deed) dated 22 June 2022 made between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the 
Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 1 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and 
principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include 
any successor registrar) and the transfer agents named therein (the Transfer Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
any is specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and which may be the Principal Paying 
Agent), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this 
Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area 
or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt 
Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the 
Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at 22 June 2022 at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the specified 
office of each of the Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written 
request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be).  If the Notes are to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (at https://live.euronext.com/). If this Note 
is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a 
Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may also be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by 
law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred 
in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order 
to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder 
or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe 
(the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 2 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
The Senior Preferred Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The rights of the holder of any Senior Preferred Note in 
respect of or arising from the Senior Preferred Notes (including any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event of 
the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer, rank: 
(i) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under 
Swedish law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to constitute MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
(b) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer with Senior Non-Preferred Ranking 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the holder of 
any Senior Non-Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if 
any are payable) shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank: 
(i) 
at least pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
(ii) 
senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) which 
by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (A) depositors of the 
Issuer and (B) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in 
respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 3.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) 
or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in 
respect of such Subordinated Notes shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with the rights of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which 
constitutes an Additional Tier 1 Instrument; 
(iv) 
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference 
shares (if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and 
(v) 
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (A) depositors of the 
Issuer, (B) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (C) subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer whose rights rank or are expressed to rank in priority to the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further subordinated notes and other subordinated 
obligations in the future, which may rank pari passu with or in priority to the Subordinated 
Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3, Tier 2 Capital means any instrument or security of the Issuer 
which is recognised as Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) (as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the 
CRR or in any other Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced) of the 
Issuer, at the time of its issue, by the SFSA. 
3.4 
Waiver of set-off 
(a) 
This Condition 3.4 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, where "Waiver of Set-Off" is specified as being applicable, and references 
to Notes in this Condition 3.4 shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
No holder of Notes who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation), bankruptcy (Sw: 
konkurs) or resolution (Sw: resolution) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under 
these Conditions, if any are payable) held by such Noteholder. 
3.5 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital as defined in Part 2 Chapter 3 of the 
CRR or in any other Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced; 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means (i) any instrument or security of the Issuer which is 
recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, at the time of its issue, by the SFSA, and (ii) 
any instrument, security or other obligation of the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, on a 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, pari passu 
with Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
Applicable Banking Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, and those regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by the SFSA from time to time, and then in effect 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not 
they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Swedish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019); 
CRD means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and 
any CRD Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, by Directive 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019);  
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-
consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, any regulatory technical standards released by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 and by 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020);  
Group has the same meaning as provided in Condition 4.8;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be; 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means all outstanding liabilities of the Issuer, present and future, 
having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking;  
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking provided in the second sentence of the first sub-
paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra meningen 
förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)) for claims attributable to such debt instruments as are referred to in 
chapter 21, section 15, paragraph 3 b of the Swedish Resolution Act (Sw. 21 kap. 15 § 3 b lagen 
(2015:1016) om resolution), as such legislative references may be amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
Resolution Authority means the Swedish National Debt Office or such other authority tasked with 
matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations; and 
SFSA means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) and shall include 
any successor or replacement thereto, or another authority which has the primary responsibility for 
the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be. 
4. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
Conditions 4.1 to 4.5 below only apply in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes, and references to Notes in Conditions 4.1 to 4.5, and in the 
corresponding definitions in Condition 4.8, below shall be construed accordingly. 
4.1 
Compliance 
For so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), and subject to 
Condition 4.7, the Issuer shall, and shall procure that all other Group Companies, where applicable, 
obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval or licence required for the 
conduct of their respective businesses at any time, and comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations, except to the extent that any failure to do so would not have a material adverse effect on 
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole or (b) the Issuer’s 
ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Trust Deed, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Trust Deed. 
4.2 
Continuation of business 
For so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, and subject to Condition 4.7, the Issuer will not 
engage, and will procure that no other Group Company engages, in any business other than a 
Permitted Business, except to the extent as would not be material to the Group taken as a whole. 
4.3 
Distributions and other transactions 
(a) 
For so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, and subject to Condition 4.7, no 
Distributions may be made by the Issuer at any time if, immediately following the making of 
such Distribution and giving effect to the making of such Distribution on a pro forma basis,

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
the Group would be in breach of the Incurrence Test or applicable restrictions under the 
Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) as amended from time to time. 
(b) 
For so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, and subject to Condition 4.7, no 
Distributions may be made by a Subsidiary of the Issuer other than to (i) the Issuer or any 
Group Company which is directly or indirectly wholly owned by the Issuer, or (ii) such 
Subsidiary's shareholders on a pro rata basis. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.3, additional dividend 
distributions may be made by the Issuer if and to the extent necessary to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the Swedish Companies Act relating to dividend distributions to 
minority shareholders, provided that in any such case the Issuer shall ensure that any such 
dividends shall be paid at the lowest level allowed by applicable law. 
4.4 
Financial Indebtedness 
For so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, and subject to Condition 4.7, the Issuer shall 
not, and shall procure that none of the other Group Companies shall, incur any Financial 
Indebtedness other than Financial Indebtedness which constitutes Permitted Debt. 
4.5 
Negative pledge 
For so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, and subject to Condition 4.7, the Issuer shall 
not, and shall procure that none of the other Group Companies shall, create any security over any of 
its (or their) assets, revenues, business or undertaking (present or future) to secure any Financial 
Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and each of the other Group Companies may create 
any Permitted Security. 
4.6 
The Trustee 
The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring compliance by the Issuer and the other Group 
Companies with the restrictions and their respective obligations in this Condition 4 and shall not be 
responsible for any losses suffered by the Noteholders or any other party by reason of any failure to 
do so or any breach of any such restrictions or obligations by the Issuer or any other Group 
Company. 
4.7 
Suspension of covenants 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 4.7(b) below, with effect on and from the first day (the Suspension 
Date) following the earliest date on which: 
(i) 
the Issuer and any Series of Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme (for 
the purposes of this Condition 4.7, Senior Preferred Notes) have been assigned an 
Investment Grade Rating by any Rating Agency (each as defined in Condition 7.7); 
and 
(ii) 
no Event of Default under Condition 10.1 has occurred and is continuing, 
the Issuer will not be subject to the undertakings and covenants contained in the following 
Conditions and such provisions shall cease to be binding on the Issuer and the other Group 
Companies: 
“—Compliance (Condition 4.1)”;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
“—Continuation of Business (Condition 4.2)”; 
“—Distributions and other transactions (Condition 4.3)”; 
“—Financial Indebtedness (Condition 4.4)”; and 
“—Negative pledge (Condition 4.5) 
(collectively, the “Suspended Covenants”); 
(b) 
In the event that the Issuer is not subject to the Suspended Covenants for any period of time 
as a result of the application of Condition 4.7(a) and on any subsequent date (the first such 
date being the Reversion Date) no Rating Agency maintains an Investment Grade Rating 
with respect to both the Issuer and any Senior Preferred Notes as a result of a withdrawal of 
rating or downgrade of rating then, with effect on and from the Reversion Date, 4.7(a) shall 
no longer operate to suspend the application of the Suspended Covenants and the Issuer and 
the Group Companies will again be subject to the Suspended Covenants. 
The period of time between the Suspension Date and the Reversion Date is referred to in this 
Condition 4.7(b) as the Suspension Period. Notwithstanding that the Suspended Covenants 
may be reinstated pursuant to this Condition 4.7(b), no Event of Default under Condition 
10.1 will be deemed to have occurred as a result of a failure to comply with the Suspended 
Covenants during the Suspension Period. 
In addition, at any time following the Reversion Date and notwithstanding anything else in 
this Condition 4.7(b), the Issuer and the other Group Companies may honour any contractual 
commitments incurred during the Suspension Period (provided two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer have certified to the Trustee in writing that such contractual commitments were 
not incurred in anticipation of the Issuer and/or any Senior Preferred Notes no longer 
carrying an Investment Grade Rating from the relevant Rating Agency) without being 
deemed to have breached the Suspended Covenants, and accordingly no Event of Default 
will be deemed to have occurred as a result of the performance of such contractual 
commitments. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall promptly provide written notice to the Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders of the occurrence of any Suspension Date or Reversion Date 
and the consequential suspension or, as the case may be, re-instatement of the Suspended 
Covenants. 
(d) 
The Suspended Covenants may be subject to suspension and re-instatement pursuant to 
Conditions 4.7(a) and 4.7(b), respectively, on more than one occasion, if the conditions set 
out in those Conditions are satisfied from time to time. 
4.8 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Accounting Principles means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the 
meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) as 
applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial statements; 
Capital Cover Ratio means the ratio of (A) the Group’s total capital ratio, defined as its own funds 
(consisting of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital) as defined in article 72 of CRR, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount as defined in

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
article 92.3 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, as reported by the Issuer to the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with applicable legal requirements in its 
most recent quarterly regulatory capital adequacy report on a Group consolidated basis, to (B) the 
legal minimum requirement set out in article 92.1(c) of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
Customer Deposits means funds deposited with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries by its customers 
in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ banking business; 
Distributions means, in respect of a company (i) dividend payment in respect of shares, (ii) 
repurchase by such company of any of its own shares, (iii) redemption of such company’s share 
capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders and (iv) other distributions or 
transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar); 
Finance Lease means any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with the 
Accounting Principles as in force immediately before 1 January 2019, be treated as a finance or 
capital lease (excluding leases that would constitute operational leases in accordance with the 
Accounting Principles as in force immediately before 1 January 2019; 
Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness in respect of: 
(a) 
monies borrowed or raised (including, without limitation, Customer Deposits); 
(b) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(c) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing, excluding any payment obligation 
(such as payment of deferred purchase price) in relation to a direct or indirect acquisition of 
Portfolios; 
(d) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); 
(e) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; 
and 
(f) 
(without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect 
of any of the items referred to in sub-paragraphs (a)–(e) of this definition; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each such entity a Group 
Company); 
Incurrence Test means that the Capital Cover Ratio is not less than 1.30:1.00; 
Permitted Business means (a) any businesses or services engaged in by the Issuer or any of the 
other Group Companies on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, as described in the 
Offering Circular relating to the Programme, and (b) any businesses or services that are related, 
complementary, incidental or ancillary thereto; 
Permitted Debt means any Financial Indebtedness: 
(a) 
owed to a Group Company;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(b) 
constituting subordinated debt obligations; 
(c) 
incurred by the Issuer under its EUR 150,000,000 multicurrency revolving facility 
agreement dated 28 September 2018 (or under any credit facility that may replace such 
multicurrency revolving facility, provided that the aggregate amount of Permitted Debt 
incurred in reliance on this paragraph (c) does not exceed EUR 150,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies)); 
(d) 
incurred by the Issuer, including under the Programme, if (i) at the time of incurrence of 
such Financial Indebtedness, the Group meets the Incurrence Test, and (ii) such Financial 
Indebtedness is unsecured and ranks pari passu with, or is subordinated to, the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes and without any preference over the Notes; 
(e) 
constituting Customer Deposits; 
(f) 
incurred in respect of any Finance Lease up to an amount which, when taken together with 
the aggregate amount of any other Permitted Debt incurred in respect of any Finance Lease, 
does not at any time exceeding EUR 2,500,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other 
currency; 
(g) 
of any company, business or undertaking acquired by a Group Company which is incurred 
under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not incurred or increased or 
having its maturity date extended in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and 
outstanding only for a period of six (6) months following the date of acquisition; 
(h) 
arising under a derivative transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, repo 
transactions) entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and for 
hedging purposes in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any 
rate or price; or 
(i) 
incurred by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in an amount which, when taken together 
with the aggregate amount of any other Permitted Debt incurred in reliance on this 
paragraph (i), does not exceed an aggregate amount of 25.00 per cent. of total assets (as 
shown in the Group's most recent audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles) of the Group. 
Permitted Security means: 
(a) 
any security for, or payment or close-out netting or set-off arrangement in respect of, 
derivative transactions or clearing activities; 
(b) 
any security or quasi-security in respect of repo transactions entered into by the Issuer or any 
other Group Company in the ordinary course of business, provided that the security or quasi-
security for each such repo transaction is discharged within six (6) months of the granting 
thereof; 
(c) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer or any other Group Company in 
the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit 
balances; 
(d) 
any lien arising by operation of law, retention of title arrangements relating to prepayments 
or similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business and not arising as a result of any 
default or omission by the Issuer or any other Group Company;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(e) 
any security or quasi-security securing Financial Indebtedness permitted in accordance with 
paragraph (c), (f) or (i) of the definition of Permitted Debt; and 
(f) 
any security or quasi-security pertaining to any Permitted Debt set out in paragraph (f) of the 
definition of Permitted Debt, if (i) the security or quasi-security was not created in 
contemplation of the acquisition of that asset or company, (ii) the principal amount secured 
has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that asset or company 
and (iii) the security or quasi-security is removed or discharged within six (6) months of the 
date of acquisition of such asset or of the date that company becoming a Group Company; 
Portfolios means all of the Group’s performing and non-performing credit claims and receivables 
(excluding any claim on a member of the Group), whether held directly by a Group Company or if 
held through a joint venture or a fund or similar arrangement the Group Company’s pro rata share of 
such joint venture, fund or similar arrangement; 
Programme means the Medium Term Note Programme established by Hoist Kredit AB (publ) (who 
merged with the Issuer as of 2 January 2018) on 20 May 2016; and 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any person, any entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of 
which such person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 
fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than 
fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and 
remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) 
consolidates accounts with in accordance with the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) 
within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to 
time). 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if 
none, the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First 
Reset Rate; and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 5 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 5.2 as 
if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall 
otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.2. Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a 
Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 5.1 shall apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if 
the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset 
Period; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the 
semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a 
quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) 
for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 
a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date. If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset 
Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service for the purpose of 
displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent 
maturity to the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant 
Reset Date; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in 
each case calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen 
Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing 
on that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate 
Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date. The Issuer will request the 
principal office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate and the Issuer will 
provide each quotation to the Calculation Agent. If at least three quotations are provided, the 
relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, the relevant Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided. If no quotations 
are provided, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the sum of the Reset 
Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
(b) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Reset Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 5.4, the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and the amount of 
interest (the Reset Interest Amount) payable for each Interest Period falling in a Reset Period to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on 
which the relevant Fixed Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the other Agents, the Trustee and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default and gross negligence) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.3(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback, 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
STIBOR or NIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide it with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question and the Issuer will provide each quotation to the Calculation Agent. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the Issuer by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them and subsequently communicated to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer (and the Issuer 
subsequently informs the Calculation Agent) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3(b)(ii): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal 
Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer; and 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon 
(Oslo time in the case of a determination of NIBOR).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent, will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (A) represented by a Global Note or (B) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (I) the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (II) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as an independent adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
appointed by the Issuer, determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock 
exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the other Agents, the Trustee and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default and gross negligence) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 5.4 is applicable if either (I) the Notes are Fixed Reset Notes or (II) the Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.4(b)) and (in 
either case) an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 5.4(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.4(d)).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.4. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, as provided in Condition 5.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the further operation of this Condition 5.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
(as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread, as provided in Condition 5.4(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(b), the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine 
an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
 If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination 
Date and/or Reference Banks) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.4(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed 
(as applicable) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.4(e), the Trustee shall (at the expense 
and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded 
to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer will notify the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, any Calculation Agent, the other 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and Couponholders promptly (and, in 
any case, no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next succeeding Interest Period or Reset 
Period, as the case may be) of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.4. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5.4; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Independent Adviser has determined that the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be liable to 
the Noteholders, Couponholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, 
irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders or any such person. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, any Calculation Agent, the other Agents and the Noteholders 
and Couponholders as of their effective date. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
 Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 5.4, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2 or Condition 
5.3(b), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of the relevant Original Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of an 
applicable Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or an applicable Reset Rate 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the 
Calculation Agent in each case pursuant to this Condition 5.4, the Original Reference Rate will 
continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date or such Reset Rate on such Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2 or Condition 5.3(b), as 
applicable will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.4(g) shall only apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or the Reset Rate on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable), and the Rate of Interest or Reset Rate applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (each as applicable) is subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.4. 
(h) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4: 
(i) 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, no Adjustment Spread 
will be applied and no other amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed will be 
made, in each case pursuant to this Condition 5.4, if and to the extent that, in the

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, no Adjustment Spread will be applied and no other amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed will be made pursuant to this Condition 5.4, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to result in the Resolution Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, 
as applicable, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(i) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (ii) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) 
if neither (A) nor (B) above applies, the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, 
having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of 
reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.4(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for debt securities in the Specified 
Currency and: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are Floating Rate Notes, with an interest period of comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period(s); or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes which are Fixed Reset Notes, with a tenor or reset period of comparable 
duration to the relevant Reset Period(s), 
or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(I); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (D)(I); or 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
on or before a specified date and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (E)(I); or 
(F) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable), become unlawful for the Issuer or any Calculation Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 5.4(a); 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in 
respect of any Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (I) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates,

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(II) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (III) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (IV) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.5 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes, Fixed Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.6 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Fixed Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed 
Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date.  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment 
in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in 
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant 
due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on 
redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(g) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(h) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(i) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in Condition 8) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(ii) 
This Condition 7.2(ii) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Subordinated Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 7.2(ii) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If a Tax Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 below, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date of 
redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be subject to the consequences described 
in sub-paragraph (x) or (y) of the definition of “Tax Event” were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Tax Event means the delivery to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders of (A) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing and acceptable to the Trustee, 
each to the effect that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, clarification of, or change 
(excluding any proposed amendment, clarification or change) in, the laws or treaties (or any 
regulations thereunder) of a Tax Jurisdiction, (ii) any governmental action or (iii) any 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of such 
governmental action or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted 
position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory 
body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change is made 
known, which amendment, clarification, or change is effective or such pronouncement or 
decision is announced on or after the relevant Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that (x) the Issuer is, or will be, subject to more than 
a de minimis amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities 
with respect to the Notes or (y) the treatment of any of the Issuer’s items of income or 
expense with respect to the Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated 
returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which 
subjects the Issuer to more than a de minimis amount of additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption.   
7.4 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-
Whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. If redemption in part 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will (i) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to 
the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date.  
In this Condition 7.4, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means: (A) the outstanding nominal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 
Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Reference Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be 
redeemed and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial 
bank appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Trustee for the purposes of 
calculating the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent advises the Issuer that, at the time at which the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Amount is to be determined, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the 
relevant security specified is not appropriate for such purpose, the Reference Bond shall be 
such other central bank or government security as the Make-Whole Calculation Agent may, 
after consultation with the Issuer and with the advice of Reference Market Makers, 
determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations 
for the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest of 
such five Reference Market Maker Quotations (or, if there are two highest and/or two lowest 
quotations, excluding just one of such highest quotations and/or one of such lowest 
quotations, as the case may be), (ii) if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such 
quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the 
amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market 
Maker and any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) quoted in writing to the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or such other five persons 
operating in the market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a 
price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be 
calculated on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be notified by the Issuer or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Principal Paying Agent, any Calculation Agent, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders no less than two business days prior to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
7.5 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued (other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7.3 and/or 7.4), the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee, to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders, a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued. The Trustee shall 
be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) (other than upon a Change of 
Control) 
This Condition 7.6 may be applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 7.6 shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance 
of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2.  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee 
has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such holder, 
at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7.6. 
7.7 
Redemption as a result of a Change of Control of the Issuer (Change of Control Put) 
This Condition 7.7 may be applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 7.7 shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If (a) Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at 
any time while this Note remains outstanding, either of the following events shall occur (each, as 
applicable, a Put Event): 
(i) 
a Change of Control occurs and, if at the start of the Change of Control Period the Notes or 
the Issuer are rated by any Rating Agency, (A) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs and (B) following such Rating Downgrade neither the Notes nor 
the Issuer carry a public Investment Grade Rating from any other Rating Agency; or  
(ii) 
a Change of Control occurs and (A) on the occurrence of the Change of Control, neither the 
Notes nor the Issuer are rated by any Rating Agency and (B) neither the Notes nor the Issuer 
are within the Change of Control Period assigned a public Investment Grade Rating by a 
Rating Agency, 
the holder of each Note will have the option (the Change of Control Put Option) (unless, prior to 
the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to 
purchase or procure the purchase of this Note on the Change of Control Redemption Date (as 
defined below), at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) accrued interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) the Change of 
Control Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, and upon 
the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, give notice (a 
Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control 
Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option:  
(x) 
if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the holder of this Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the 
period (the Change of Control Put Period) of 30 days after that on which the Put Event 
Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Note is in 
definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by 
this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control, and all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall be 
dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2; and 
(y) 
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Note must, within the Change of 
Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include 
notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal 
Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes in respect 
of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised on the Change of Control 
Redemption Date.  
Any Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Note 
pursuant to this Condition 7.7 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer or 
(ii) where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has 
accelerated the Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat its 
Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Put Event or Change of Control or any 
event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Put Event or Change of Control has 
occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the 
contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has 
occurred. 
If 80 per cent. or more in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding is redeemed 
pursuant this Condition 7.7, the Issuer may, at its option and on not less than 30 or more than 60 
days' notice to the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 14. the Noteholders given within 30 
days after the Change of Control Redemption Date (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem, all 
(but not part only) of the remaining Notes at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together 
with interest (if applicable) accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of such redemption. Such 
notice to the Noteholders shall specify the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price and the 
manner in which redemption will be effected. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.7: 
(a) 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time (whether or not approved by 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer) any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons 
acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the Relevant Person(s)) directly or indirectly come(s) to 
own or acquire(s) (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer; or (B) 
such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, provided that a Change of Control 
shall be deemed not to have occurred if all or substantially all of the shareholders of the Relevant 
Person(s) are, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise have constituted a Change of

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Control were, the shareholders of the Issuer with the same (or substantially the same) pro rata 
interest in the share capital of the Relevant Person(s) as such shareholders have, or as the case may 
be, had in the share capital of the Issuer; 
(b) 
Change of Control Period means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) provided that such Potential 
Change of Control Announcement is followed within 180 days by a Change of Control, and (ii) 
ending on the date which is 90 days after the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs 
(such 90th day, the Initial Longstop Date); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or 
prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Notes or 
the Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time prior to the Initial Longstop Date, that 
it has placed its rating of the Notes or the Issuer under consideration for rating review as a result of 
the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control 
Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after 
the Initial Longstop Date;  
(c) 
Change of Control Redemption Date means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the Change of 
Control Put Period;  
(d) 
an Investment Grade Rating means, in relation to Moody’s, a rating of Baa3 or better, or in 
relation to S&P, a rating of BBB- or better (provided that, if the rating designations employed by a 
Rating Agency are changed from those referred to above, the Issuer shall determine, with the 
agreement of the Trustee, the rating designations of such Rating Agency as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of such Rating Agency and this Condition 7.7 shall be read accordingly) 
and, in the case of any other Rating Agency, a comparable rating from that Rating Agency;  
(e) 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating means, in relation to S&P, a rating of BB+ or below, or in relation 
to Moody’s, a rating of Ba1 or below (provided that, if the rating designations employed by a Rating 
Agency are changed from those referred to above, the Issuer shall determine, with the agreement of 
the Trustee, the rating designations of such Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of such Rating Agency and this Condition 7.7 shall be read accordingly) and, in the 
case of any other Rating Agency, a comparable rating from that Rating Agency; 
(f) 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific 
potential Change of Control;  
(g) 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (i) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); (ii) 
Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's); or (iii) any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, and, in each case, their respective 
successors or affiliates; and 
(h) 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within 
the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency is (i) withdrawn and not reinstated during the Change of Control Period to an Investment 
Grade Rating by such Rating Agency or (ii) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a Non-
Investment Grade Rating by any Rating Agency and is not raised again to an Investment Grade 
Rating within the Change of Control Period or (iii) if such rating previously assigned to the Notes or 
the Issuer by any Rating Agency was below an Investment Grade Rating at the start of the Change of 
Control Period, lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their 
respective equivalents) and is not raised again to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency within the Change of Control Period; provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising 
by virtue of a particular change in or withdrawal of a rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in or withdrawal 
of a rating does not confirm in writing to the Issuer or publicly announce or publicly confirm that the 
reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised 
in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control or Potential Change of 
Control Announcement. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above, Conditions 7.12 and 7.13 below and Condition 10 below:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount, which will be its principal amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount, which will be 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7.8(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
7.12 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 7.12 applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 7.12 shall be construed 
accordingly.  
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of the relevant 
Capital Event, at its option, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable) that all (but not 
some only) of the outstanding Notes shall be redeemed: 
(i) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the 
period of not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no 
Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur 
after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 above, together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
A Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the SFSA that as a 
result of a change in Swedish law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes is fully excluded from Tier 2 
capital of the Issuer (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital) 
such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer; and 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the CRR 
or in any other Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
7.13 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7.13 applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes and where "Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references 
to Notes in this Condition 7.13 shall be construed accordingly. 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes shall be redeemed: 
(i) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the 
period of not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no 
Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur 
after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 above, together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, MREL Disqualification Event means, in respect of a Series 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer (such determination to be confirmed 
by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer) that, as 
a result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, it is likely that the Notes will be fully excluded or partially 
excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any 
MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer 
or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided 
that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the 
amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet 
any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
7.14 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation of Subordinated Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being: 
(a) 
Subordinated Notes, no early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as contemplated 
by this Condition 7 of such Notes may be made without the prior consent of the SFSA; or 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, no early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as 
contemplated by this Condition 7 of such Notes may be made without the prior consent of 
the Resolution Authority. 
7.15 
Variation or Substitution of Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 7.15 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and where "Substitution or variation" is

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to Notes in this Condition 
7.15 shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a MREL Disqualification Event occurs or, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event occurs and, in either case, is continuing or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19.5, the Issuer may, subject to 
Condition 7.14 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or, subject 
as provided below, the Trustee) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (i) the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and (ii) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary 
the terms of the Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as 
defined below) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined 
below), as the case may be.  
The Trustee shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the substitution of the Notes for, 
or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as aforesaid, provided 
that (i) the Trustee receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Subordinated 
Qualifying Securities or Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the provisions thereof, and (ii) the terms of the proposed Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities or Subordinated Qualifying Securities or the agreement to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, would not impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protections and rights afforded to it in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed). 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any such substitution or variation, as the case may be, or for any 
consequences thereof. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in 
limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, after having consulted 
an independent third party financial adviser of international standing, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two authorised signatories of the Issuer shall have been 
delivered to the Trustee not less than five business days prior to (i) in the case of a 
substitution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in 
the case of a variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such variation, as the case may 
be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to timing 
and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) 
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or 
variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (A) the solicited credit 
rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to their substitution or variation 
or (B) where the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was, as a result of 
Condition 19.5 becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such 
substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing provisions 
such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are 
objective and measurable; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and approved by 
the Trustee. 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, after having consulted an 
independent third party financial adviser of international standing, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two authorised signatories of the Issuer shall have been 
delivered to the Trustee not less than five business days prior to (i) in the case of a 
substitution of the Subordinated Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case 
of a variation of the Subordinated Notes, such variation, as the case may be), provided that 
they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes prior 
to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights and 
obligations as the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may 
be, including, but not limited to, as to timing and amount, (4) comply with the then current 
requirements of the SFSA in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under 
the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the 
Subordinated Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating equal 
to or higher than (A) the solicited credit rating of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior 
to their substitution or variation or (B) where the solicited credit rating of the Subordinated 
Notes was, as a result of Condition 19.5 becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, 
amended prior to such substitution or variation, the credit rating of the Subordinated Notes 
immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing provisions 
such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are 
objective and measurable; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution, as selected by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will, in respect of payments of interest only (in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and (if "Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Gross Up" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) Senior Preferred Notes) and payments of 
principal and interest (in the case of all other Notes), pay such additional amounts (Additional 
Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an Additional Amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default relating to certain Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 10.1 only applies to Senior Preferred Notes (except where "Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Events of Default" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case Condition 10.2 shall apply to such Senior Preferred Notes) and references to Notes in this 
Condition 10.1 shall be construed accordingly. The following shall be events of default (each an 
Event of Default) in relation to the Notes:  
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 10 days; or

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions or 
in the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by the 
Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is declared 
or otherwise becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended 
by any originally applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is 
made by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other 
person; provided that no event described in this Condition 10.1(c) shall constitute an Event 
of Default unless the relevant amount of Financial Indebtedness or other relative liability 
due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of 
Financial Indebtedness and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other 
events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least €5,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of (i) 
reorganisation on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, a winding up or 
dissolution whilst solvent and pursuant to which all the assets of such Principal Subsidiary 
are transferred to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for the purposes of (i) reorganisation 
on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
or (ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the business is transferred to or 
otherwise vested with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (in which event such Subsidiary 
shall immediately after such transfer be deemed a Principal Subsidiary), or the Issuer or any 
of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to 
pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or  
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, 
in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is 
levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator) is not discharged within l4 days; or

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium), save, in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary, for a liquidation whilst solvent and pursuant to which all the assets of such 
Principal Subsidiary are transferred to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer (in which 
event such Subsidiary shall immediately after such transfer be deemed a Principal 
Subsidiary), or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) 
or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with 
its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
the Issuer’s licence to conduct financing business in accordance with the Swedish Banking 
and Financing Act (Sw.lag (2004:297) om bank och finansieringsrörelse) as amended from 
time to time, is withdrawn by the SFSA; or 
(i) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in 
the Trustee's opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) 
to (g) above. 
If any Event of Default shall have occurred, the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in 
writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events 
described in paragraphs 10.1(b) to 10.1(d) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer) 
and 10.1(e) to 10.1(i) inclusive above, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer 
that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give 
notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, 
due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the 
Trust Deed. 
10.2 
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain 
Senior Preferred Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 10.2 only applies to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, 
where "Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default" is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes and references to Notes in this 
Condition 10.2 shall be construed accordingly. The following shall be events of default 
(each an Event of Default) in relation to the Notes: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a 
period of 10 days; or 
(ii) 
if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or 
amalgamation under which the continuing entity effectively assumes the entire 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is otherwise declared 
bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation), in each case by a court or 
agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having jurisdiction in 
respect of the same. 
If any Event of Default shall have occurred under this Condition 10.2(a), the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction),  
(1) 
(in the case of (i) above), institute such steps, including the obtaining of a 
judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant 
Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared 
bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation), in each case in the 
Kingdom of Sweden and not elsewhere, and prove or claim in the 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and/or 
(2) 
(in the case of (ii) above), prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of 
the Issuer, whether in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere and instituted 
by the Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Trustee may claim payment in respect of the Note only in the 
bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in (a)(ii) above, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in 
each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give 
notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall (subject to the 
provisions set out in Condition 10.2(a)) thereupon immediately become, due and repayable 
at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust 
Deed, but (except with the prior consent of the Resolution Authority (if such consent is 
required by the Applicable MREL Regulations (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred Notes where "Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms)) or the SFSA (if such consent is 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations (in the case of Subordinated Notes)) subject 
to the Issuer only being required to make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt 
(konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation). 
(c) 
The Trustee may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under 
the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 10.2(a) or 10.2(b) above, any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that 
the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any 
sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 10.2(a) and 10.2(c) above 
or proving or claiming in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Issuer 
in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere, shall be available to the Trustee or the holders of 
Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of 
any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings under the Notes or the 
Trust Deed. 
10.3 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time (but subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, where "Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes, to Condition 10.2), at its discretion 
and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (a) it

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders 
of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days, or (ii) is unable for 
any reason to do so, and the failure or inability shall be continuing (in which event, in the case of a 
Subordinated Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or, where "Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events 
of Default" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Preferred Note, the 
relevant Noteholder or Couponholder shall have only such right against the Issuer as those which the 
Trustee is entitled to exercise as set out in these Conditions). 
10.4 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
(a) 
a Principal Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose gross assets or gross 
revenue represent more than (i) 10 per cent. of the total assets of the Group on a 
consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or 
(ii) 10 per cent. of the total gross revenue of the Group, in each case according to the most 
recent financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and 
(b) 
a Subsidiary of a company or corporation shall be construed as a reference to any company 
or corporation: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or 
corporation; 
(ii) 
more than half the equity or issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, 
directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or 
(iii) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or 
corporation, 
and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the 
composition of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of Registered Notes) a 
Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have 
been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such 
mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not 
less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the 
Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on 
the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that 
any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such 
case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error.  Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. In addition, the 
Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.4 without the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to 
any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their 
number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and 
the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to 
the extent already provided for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition 
to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
subject to (i) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution and (ii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being 
complied with. Any such substitution in relation to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to 
the prior consent of the Resolution Authority or (B) any Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior 
consent of the SFSA. 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without 
regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain 
and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in 
connection therewith.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
The Trust Deed contains provisions allowing the Trustee to retire at any time on giving not less than 
80 days' prior written notice to the Issuer without giving any reason and without being responsible 
for any Liabilities (as defined in the Trust Deed) incurred by such retirement. The Noteholders may 
by Extraordinary Resolution remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Notes. The 
Trust Deed provides that the retirement or removal of any such Trustee shall not become effective 
until a successor trustee (being a trust corporation) is appointed. The Trust Deed provides that, in the 
event of the Trustee giving notice of retirement or being removed by Extraordinary Resolution under 
the Trust Deed, the Issuer shall use its best endeavours to procure that a new trustee is appointed as 
soon as reasonably practicable. If no appointment has become effective within 80 days of such 
notice or Extraordinary Resolution, the Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall be entitled to 
appoint a trust corporation. No appointment of a trustee shall take effect unless previously approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution. Notice of any such change shall be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed (except for Clause 4), the Agency Agreement, the Notes (except for Conditions 3.1, 
3.2, 3.3 and 3.4) and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 and Clause 4 of the Trust 
Deed are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Hoist Finance AB (publ) UK Branch (UK establishment number 
BR023171) through its registrant Hoist Finance AB (publ) at 4th Floor Standbrook House, London, 
2-5 Old Bond Street, W1S 4PD United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Hoist 
Finance AB (publ) UK Branch (UK establishment number BR023171) through its registrant Hoist 
Finance AB (publ) being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.  
19.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above. 
19.5 
Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 19.5, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of 
any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts and consents that the Notes and any liability 
arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of 
the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes (which may be a reduction to nil); 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.5: 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest thereon and any additional or other amounts whatsoever accrued or due or which 
would otherwise be payable on or in respect of the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
(but not be limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Swedish National Debt Office and/or any other 
resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in 
relation to the Issuer or any Notes; and 
Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Sweden  
relating to (i) the transposition into Swedish law of the BRRD (including, without limitation, the 
Resolution Act (Sw. Lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and the Precautionary Support Act (Sw. Lag 
(2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut)) and (ii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the 
Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Introduction 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Hoist Finance AB (publ), and its Swedish Corporate ID No. is 
556012-8489. The registered office of the Issuer is located at P.O. Box 7848, SE-103 99 Stockholm, 
Sweden. The Issuer’s telephone number in Sweden is + 46 (0) 85551 7790. The Issuer’s website is 
https://www.hoistfinance.com/. The Issuer was registered in Sweden on 1 November 1915. The Issuer is a 
public limited liability company (Sw. publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. 
aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Issuer is a “Credit Market Company” (Sw. kreditmarknadsföretag) 
supervised by the SFSA. 
Under its current Articles of Association, the Issuer’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 15,000,000 and 
not more than SEK 60,000,000, divided into not fewer than 60,000,000 shares and not more than 
240,000,000 shares. The Issuer has only one class of shares. The Issuer’s registered share capital is SEK 
29,767,666.66, represented by 89,303,000 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 1/3. 
Ownership 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Hoist Finance group of companies (the Group). In this section Hoist 
Finance refers to, depending on the context, the Issuer or the Group. The shares of the Issuer are listed on 
Nasdaq Stockholm.  
The Issuer has, at the date of this Offering Circular, no knowledge of any arrangements the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Issuer.  
The table below sets out the ten largest shareholders of the Issuer as of 30 April 2022 (source: Modular 
Finance AB with ownership statistics from Monitor, Euroclear Sweden AB and changes noted by and/or 
confirmed to Hoist Finance). 
Name 
Share of capital and votes (%) 
Per Arwidsson with close relatives 
15.7 
Erik Selin 
13.9 
Avanza Pension 
8.1 
Swedbank Robur Funds 
6.1 
BlackRock 
4.9 
Nordnet Pension Insurance 
4.2 
Per Josefsson with close relatives 
3.9 
Dimensional Fund Advisors 
2.6 
RAM Rational Asset Management 
2.1 
Nordea Life & Pension 
1.3 
Total 
62.8 
Group structure 
A large part of the Issuer’s business is conducted through its subsidiaries and branches, on which the Issuer, 
as a consequence thereof, is dependent. The Group structure as at the date of this Offering Circular is 
illustrated in the organisational chart below. On 13 April 2022, the Issuer announced that it has entered into 
an agreement to divest its UK credit management subsidiary, which transaction is expected to close in the 
third quarter of 2022 (see "Divestment of UK credit management subsidiary" below for further information).

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
Note: The above chart outlines the most important operational entities. 
Below is a list of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer as of the date of this Offering Circular.  
Legal Entity 
Crop. Reg. no. 
Domicile 
Shareholding (fully diluted) (%) 
Hoist Finance Procurement AB 
559333-7909 
Stockholm 
100 
Immobilière de Lancereaux SAS 
2018B20590 
Paris 
100 
HECTOR Sicherheiten-Verwaltungs GmbH (1) 
HRB 74561 
Duisburg 
100 
Hoist Polska sp. z o.o. 
0000536257 
Wroclaw 
100 
Hoist Cyprus Ltd. 
HE 338 570 
Nicosia 
100 
Hoist Cyprus Properties Ltd. 
HE 423 727 
Nicosia 
100 
HF Cyprus Properties I Ltd. 
HE 424 747 
Nicosia 
100 
HF Cyprus Properties II Ltd. 
HE 424829 
Nicosia 
100 
MARTE SPV S.r.l. 
4634710265 
Conegliano 
100 
Marathon SPV S.r.l. 
05048650260 
Conegliano  
100 
Giove SPV S.r.l 
05089700263 
Conegliano 
100 
Hoist Italia S.r.l. 
12898671008 
Rome 
100 
Nais Uno Reoco S.r.l. 
14564671007 
Rome 
100 
Hoist I NS FIZ (2) 
RFI702 
Warsaw 
100 
Hoist III NS FIZ (2) 
0000292229 
Warsaw 
100 
Hoist II NS FIZ (2) 
RFi 1617 
Warsaw 
100 
BEST III NS FIZ (2) 
RFI623 
Gdynia 
50 
Hoist Kredit Ltd. (1) 
7646691 
London 
100 
Hoist Finance UK Ltd. 
8303007 
Salford 
100 
Robinson Way Ltd. (1) 
6976081 
Salford 
100 
CL Finance Ltd. 
1108021 
West Yorkshire 
100 
MKDP LLP (1) 
OC349372 
Milton Keynes 
100 
Hoist Finance UK Holdings 1 Ltd. 
11473838 
Salford 
100 
Hoist Finance UK Holdings 2 Ltd. 
11473850 
Salford 
100 
Hoist Finance UK Holdings 3 Ltd. 
11473909 
Salford 
100 
Hoist Hellas S.L.D.S.A. 
137777901000 
Athens 
100 
PQH Single Special Liquidation S.A. (3) 
138353201000 
Athens 
33 
Hoist Finance Spain S.L. 
B87547659 
Madrid 
100 
Optimus Portfolio Management S.L. 
B86959285 
Madrid 
100 
Hoist Finance Romania S.r.l. 
41830400 
Bucharest 
100

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Hoist Finance Austria GmbH 
FN544345h 
Mooslackengasse 
100 
Hoist TFI S.A 
8982271637 
Wroclaw 
100 
 
(1) 
Non-operating companies to be liquidated or disposed. 
(2) 
Non-standardised securitisation funds of which Hoist Finance holds investment certificates. 
(3) 
The company is a part of a consortium, consisting of Hoist Finance AB (publ), Qualco S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Business Solutions 
S.A. 
Business overview 
Hoist Finance specialises in purchasing unsecured and secured NPLs, originated by international banks and 
other financial institutions. Hoist Finance is present in 13 countries with operations in 10 countries across 
Europe including its registered office and headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden. After purchasing an NPL 
portfolio, Hoist Finance’s primary method of collection from its customers is through sustainable payment 
plan agreements. The major share of acquired portfolios are serviced by Hoist Finance’s own debt collection 
entities, supplemented in some cases by carefully selected external debt collection partners.  
As a Swedish Credit Market Company, Hoist Finance is able to offer corporate and retail deposits to the 
general public that are fully covered by the Swedish state-provided deposit guarantee scheme, which 
currently guarantees an amount of SEK 1,050,000 for each depositor. Hoist Finance has operated a 
traditional internet-based retail deposit product in Sweden since 2009 under the HoistSpar brand. In 2017, 
Hoist Finance launched EUR savings accounts in Germany and in 2021, also made GBP savings accounts 
available to UK customers, both in partnership with one of the largest deposit savings platforms in Europe. 
This provides the Group with a cost-efficient, flexible and reliable source of funding that is largely used to 
fund portfolio purchases. 
History 
Hoist Finance’s history dates back to 1908, when Swedish entrepreneur Hans Osterman founded a car import 
company in Stockholm, Sweden. In 1915 this company was transformed into a finance company. Since 
1994, Hoist Finance’s business has been concentrated on purchasing NPL portfolios. Below is a summary of 
the key events in the Group’s history: 
1994 
Hoist Finance recognised that the stock of NPLs in Sweden was growing due to the financial crisis in 
Sweden in the early 1990s and anticipated the increased need for financial institutions to manage their 
balance sheets and focus on their core businesses. Hoist Finance was an early adopter in this changing 
landscape as Hoist Finance converted into a credit management company, refocused its business to 
concentrate on purchasing NPL portfolios in Sweden and divested all other activities. 
1994-1997 
Hoist Finance completed several large portfolio purchases in Sweden. 
1996 
The Issuer was authorised by the SFSA under the new rules for credit companies. 
1997 
Hoist Finance established its presence in Germany through a number of debt purchases managed out 
of its Swedish operations. 
1998 
The Issuer was listed on the O-list of the Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
1999 
Hoist Finance acquired Citibank’s collection platform in Bremen, Germany, including 90 full time 
employees and a portfolio with more than 150,000 claims. 
2001 
Hoist Finance entered the French market. Similar to Hoist Finance’s market entrance in Germany, 
this was done through a number of debt purchases. 
2003 
Hoist Finance divested its operations in Sweden to focus on markets believed to have the greatest 
growth opportunities. 
2004 
The Issuer was de-listed from the O-list of the Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
2006-2007 
Hoist Finance expanded its operations into Belgium and the Netherlands through the purchase of its 
first portfolios in these countries. Hoist Finance expanded further in Germany through the acquisition 
of Union Inkasso GmbH, the German debt collection subsidiary of SEB, including one collection 
platform, 80 full time employees and a mixed portfolio of secured and unsecured claims. 
2009 
Hoist Finance’s Swedish retail deposit offering, HoistSpar, was launched and covered by the Swedish 
state-provided deposit guarantee scheme. 
2011 
Hoist Finance completed a major NPL purchase in Poland through a 50/50 joint venture with its 
primary debt collection servicing partner in the country, Best S.A. Hoist Finance also completed its 
first portfolio purchases in Italy and the UK. 
2012 
Hoist Finance acquired the Manchester-based debt collection company, Robinson Way, including 256 
full time employees, two collection platforms, a large data warehouse and a significant portfolio of 
debt claims.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
2013 
Hoist Finance continued its expansion in the UK by acquiring the Lewis Group. At the time of the 
acquisition, the Lewis Group operated from three collection platforms with 330 full time employees 
across the UK (including certain consultants), had developed a large data warehouse and purchased a 
substantial NPL portfolio. Following Hoist Finance’s acquisitions in the UK, Hoist Finance 
implemented substantial strategic measures, including complex integration plans and operational 
focus, in order to reach the structure and size operated today. 
Hoist Finance completed a major portfolio purchase in the Netherlands and established a collection 
platform in Amsterdam. Hoist Finance made another significant portfolio purchase in Poland. Hoist 
Finance re-affirmed its position in the Austrian market with a number of portfolio purchases. 
The Issuer issued a senior unsecured bond and a subordinated unsecured bond, both in SEK, which 
were listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. 
2014 
Toscafund, an asset manager based in London and specialising in global financials, invested in Hoist 
Finance’s operations through a private placement. Hoist Finance engaged in further strategic 
expansion in Italy through the acquisition of TRC’s operations, one of Hoist Finance’s long-term debt 
servicing partners, and in Poland, through the acquisition of Navi Lex (name changed to Hoist 
Polska), one of Hoist Finance’s debt servicing partners.  
The Issuer issued a senior unsecured bond in Euro, which was listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. 
2015 
The shares of the Issuer were listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. 
Acquisition of Compello in the UK. The acquisition included a diversified banking portfolio and an 
established and proven collection platform with 178 full time employees. 
Acquisition of a NPL portfolio of assets relating to small and medium-size enterprises from Banco 
Popolare in Italy. The portfolio consisted of approximately 9,000 claims with a nominal value of 
EUR 950,000,000.  
2016 
Hoist Finance entered into a strategic partnership as part of a consortium, consisting of the Issuer, 
Qualco S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Business Solutions S.A., selected via a tender process 
initiated by the Bank of Greece, to manage an aggregated NPL portfolio of 16 Greek banks and 
financial institutions under liquidation and to drive the reorganisation and optimisation of the 
underlying entities. Total assets of the initial NPL portfolio amounted to approximately EUR 9 billion 
and covered all major asset classes. 
The Issuer's EMTN programme was established (the Programme size was increased from EUR 750 
million to EUR 1 billion in 2017). 
The Issuer received a Ba1 rating from Moody’s. 
Hoist Finance continued its geographic expansion by acquiring its first portfolio in the Spanish 
market in June and also strengthened its position in Spain by acquiring the Madrid based master 
servicing company Optimus. 
The Issuer issued EUR 30,000,000 Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital. 
2017 
The Issuer's rating from Moody's was raised to Baa3. 
Introduction of a deposit offer in Germany. 
2018 
Merger of Hoist Finance and Hoist Kredit was finalised. 
The Issuer issued EUR 40,000,000 AT1 capital. 
The Issuer launched a SEK 2,500 million Swedish Commercial Paper Programme. 
Hoist Finance strengthened its equity with a SEK 568 million directed new share issue. 
Hoist Finance signed an agreement to acquire Italian credit management company Maran S.p.A. 
Hoist Finance acquired a EUR 2 billion Greek portfolio of NPLs. 
2019 
Hoist Finance completed an acquisition of a PLN 400 million portfolio from Polish debt management 
and collection company GetBack S.A. 
Hoist Finance completed a securitisation of a portfolio of Italian unsecured NPLs with a portfolio size 
of EUR 225 million. 
Hoist Finance completed a rated securitisation of a portfolio of Italian unsecured NPLs with a 
portfolio size of EUR 337 million, and at the same time, the EUR 225 million securitisation was 
unwound and issued notes redeemed early in full. 
Hoist Finance acquired a non-performing mortgage portfolio with an 
outstanding balance of EUR 375 million. 
Hoist Finance entered into an agreement with the global technology consulting and digital solutions 
company, Larsen & Toubro Infotech Limited, on outsourcing of services relating to information 
technology, selected application development and maintenance. 
2020 
Hoist Finance issued EUR 40,000,000 AT1 capital.  
Hoist Finance launched a new sustainability strategy setting out Hoist Finance's ambition to support 
new innovations to improve financial access and services. 
The Issuer launched a new operating model to support customer-centric and efficient operations. 
2021 
Hoist Finance concluded a securitisation programme partnership agreement with an external investor 
and completed the inaugural transaction under that securitisation programme. 
Hoist Finance announced a SEK 350 million negative impairment reflecting the prolonged nature of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and increased uncertainty around the expected recovery. 
Introduction of GBP savings accounts available to UK customers. 
2022 
Hoist Finance completed an acquisition of a EUR 99.9 million NPL portfolio in Greece. 
Hoist Finance signed an agreement to divest its UK credit management subsidiary including 
unsecured portfolios.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Business areas/segments 
Debt purchasing 
Debt purchasing transaction types 
Hoist Finance primarily purchases portfolios under spot agreements (in other words, one-off transactions), 
pursuant to which portfolios of claims are purchased in one transaction upon payment. Hoist Finance also 
purchases portfolios under forward flow agreements, pursuant to which claims are bought at a pre-defined 
price or price range for a given volume from a debt originator on an on-going basis. The majority of debt 
portfolios for sale are currently offered to the market through competitive auction processes. Many debt 
originators typically have a panel of trusted debt purchasers to whom they offer the opportunity of 
participating in an auction.  
Hoist Finance purchases several categories of claims: non-performing unsecured consumer claims, claims 
from non-performing unsecured small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and non-performing secured 
consumer and SME claims. In addition, Hoist Finance selectively purchases performing unsecured and 
secured portfolios.  
Non-performing unsecured claims that Hoist Finance acquires are typically 120 days past due or older, 
whereas non-performing SMEs and secured claims are normally more mature as selling banks/finance 
companies often perform additional servicing prior to sale on these type of assets. Performing (secured and 
unsecured) portfolios trade at much higher levels than NPL portfolios and tend to come to market less 
consistently than NPL portfolios.  
Hoist Finance’s purchased portfolios consist mainly of claims originated by international banks and other 
financial institutions, and, to a lesser extent, from utilities providers, telecommunications companies and 
other consumer companies. Hoist Finance continually works to increase the diversification of its debt 
originator client base by entering into new relationships while maintaining existing ones. Several of these 
banks are among Hoist Finance’s key partners, and Hoist Finance has relationships with individual debt 
originators that have lasted for multiple years and from which Hoist Finance has bought large numbers of 
portfolios. While Hoist Finance focuses on developing and maintaining strong relationships with large 
international banks, Hoist Finance has maintained a well-diversified network of debt originators. 
Most of Hoist Finance’s portfolios are purchased through traditional spot transactions. Historically, Hoist 
Finance has also purchased a number of NPL portfolios through “buy-and-leave” transactions, in which the 
selling debt originator continues to service the purchased claims on Hoist Finance’s behalf. Hoist Finance 
has also purchased debt portfolios in connection with structural outsourcing transactions with financial 
institutions, meaning that Hoist Finance acquires entire collection platforms from these institutions, 
including employees and the portfolios serviced and managed from the collection platform. 
Funding of debt purchases 
Hoist Finance funds its portfolio purchases through a funding model consisting of deposits from the public, 
and by issuing bonds and money market instruments, but which may in the future also include other means 
of financing, such as syndicated credit facilities and other structured finance products including securitisation 
transactions. The deposit funding base provides a cost efficient, flexible and reliable source of funding. 
In the first quarter of 2021, Hoist Finance concluded a securitisation programme partnership agreement with 
an external investor (the Securitisation Programme), which facilitates new portfolio investments up to 
approximately EUR 1 billion on a pan-European basis and where the external investor has made a 
commitment to invest EUR 150 million in subordinated tranches issued in the structure. The Securitisation 
Programme is structured with a view to achieving significant risk transfer in accordance with Article 244 of 
the CRR. The inaugural portfolio acquisition and notes issuance under the Securitisation Programme was 
completed at the end of the first quarter of 2021 and marked the beginning of securitisation being an

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
integrated part of Hoist Finance's funding model for the purposes of effectively mitigating the impact of 
regulatory changes. Hoist Finance has previously completed stand-alone securitisation transactions for the 
purposes of regulatory capital relief. 
Data Warehouse and analytical steering  
The fundamental component in the valuation methodology applied when reviewing, analysing and pricing 
portfolios is Hoist Finance’s internal Data Warehouse, which contains granular historical data on portfolios 
and customers across Hoist Finance’s markets derived from Hoist Finance’s debt purchasing activities since 
1997. The Data Warehouse provides the foundation upon which Hoist Finance’s operations are built. The 
analytical steering model employed to maximise the utilisation of data in the Data Warehouse is standardised 
across Hoist Finance’s operations and integrated in all areas of the business: when forecasting and pricing 
portfolios considered for purchase, when implementing purchased claims into Hoist Finance’s operations, 
when allocating resources within Hoist Finance’s collection operations, and when reporting, monitoring and 
benchmarking the performance of Hoist Finance’s purchased portfolios.  
The debt purchasing process  
Hoist Finance has developed, and consistently employs, a set of processes and tools when engaging in, 
reviewing, analysing, pricing and purchasing debt portfolios. A typical portfolio purchase involves an initial 
review and indicative bid process, a pricing and investment process, a purchase execution process and an 
integration and monitoring phase. These processes include aspects such as due diligence and valuation and 
follow a structured, company-specific template, which ensures consistency across Hoist Finance’s 
operations. 
Hoist Finance has developed a number of proprietary tools and processes to price portfolios and to develop 
accurate collection and cost curves. Hoist Finance’s fundamental pricing principle is to use the historical 
activity driven collection performance data contained in the Data Warehouse and overlay the costs associated 
therewith (such as portfolio transfer and start-up costs and the costs for various collection strategies), to 
predict net recoveries on potential acquisitions. In addition, expected future changes to Hoist Finance’s 
operational strategy are taken into account if it is believed that there will be any material changes from 
historic practice. Hoist Finance’s extensive valuation process is carried out by Hoist Finance’s investment 
and pricing teams, including representatives from collection operations. For a secured portfolio, Hoist 
Finance also makes an assessment of the underlying asset, the validity of the claim and the expected workout 
of the position, including the disposal timing. 
All portfolio acquisition decisions must be made by Hoist Finance’s Management Investment Committee 
and in certain cases also the Board Investment Committee. Standard portfolio acquisitions for which no 
SFSA approval is required and with a value up to EUR 50 million or certain complex and/or non-
standardised transactions with a value up to EUR 25 million require approval by the Management 
Investment Committee. Standard offers exceeding EUR 50 million, certain complex and/or non-standardised 
transactions exceeding EUR 25 million, or which require an SFSA approval require the approval from the 
Board Investment Committee or the Board of Directors. When a credit institution makes a purchase where 
the consideration exceeds 25 per cent. of its own funds, such transaction also requires the approval of the 
SFSA, while a purchase where the consideration exceeds 10 per cent. of the own funds has to be notified to 
the SFSA. 
Collections on purchased portfolios 
The process of collecting on purchased portfolios is to a large extent managed through Hoist Finance’s 12 in-
house collection platforms across Europe and complemented, where appropriate, by local external debt 
servicing partners. Collection methods and practices vary significantly across markets.  
Hoist Finance’s collection strategies aim to identify and match a customer’s ability to pay based on 
individual circumstances and attitudes. Hoist Finance collects primarily by agreeing to sustainable payment

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
plans over the lifetime of the claim with the customer. Hoist Finance may also collect through one-off 
payments on the claim. Such immediate payments have a greater present value than the same amount paid 
later on in time through an instalment and Hoist Finance can therefore offer a discount on the claim in 
circumstances where it is believed that this is appropriate. The amicable settlements model is solution-
oriented and takes into account each customer’s individual circumstances with the aim being to establish a 
sustainable and affordable payment plan in close dialogue with the customer, rather than exploiting short-
term collection potential. Hoist Finance’s ambition is to find a solution suitable and beneficial for both sides 
and settlements are often based on small amounts over a long period. 
Hoist Finance is dependent upon maintaining trusted relationships with debt originators, authorities and 
society at large. Hoist Finance’s internal standards are applicable to all employees and all employees are 
expected to become acquainted with and comply with these standards, including the third-party collection 
providers that Hoist Finance engages. These standards mandate that all employees and partners are expected 
to always work within the law, have sound moral principles and behave in an upright and sincere manner. 
Hoist Finance has implemented a centrally coordinated compliance-monitoring programme, which evaluates 
and assesses compliance with legal, regulatory and industry best practices, as well as Hoist Finance’s own 
internal standards to protect Hoist Finance’s information technology and data. 
Savings products 
The Issuer is regulated and supervised by the SFSA as a Credit Market Company. As such, the Issuer has the 
ability to accept corporate and retail deposits from the general public that are covered by the Swedish state-
provided deposit guarantee scheme. This scheme guarantees an amount of SEK 1,050,000 for each depositor 
should a guarantee-covered provider of deposits enter into bankruptcy or should the SFSA otherwise decide 
that the guarantee should become effective. The Issuer uses deposits to fund a significant portion of the 
Group’s debt portfolios. The Issuer’s deposit-taking scheme allows the Issuer to secure funding at 
comparatively low costs and gives the Issuer access to a substantial source of liquidity. This solid liquidity 
position has been essential in enabling Hoist Finance’s high levels of portfolio purchases in recent years.  
The Issuer’s online deposit platform in Sweden, HoistSpar, is offered to private individuals and companies. 
HoistSpar was established in 2009 (term deposits launched in late 2012). The Issuer’s depositor base in 
Sweden consisted as of 31 December 2021 of 41,804 customers with a total deposit balance of SEK 8.5 
billion. Term deposits can be withdrawn immediately upon payment of a withdrawal fee.  
The Issuer also offers savings accounts in Germany and the UK, through one of the largest deposit savings 
platforms in Europe. The Issuer's depositor base in Germany consisted as of 31 December 2021 of 46,968 
customers with a total deposit base of EUR 931 million, corresponding to a book value of SEK 9.5 billion. 
The Issuer's depositor base in the UK consisted as of 31 December 2021 of 285 customers with a total 
deposit base of GBP 5.2 million, corresponding to a book value of SEK 63 million. 
Historically, the availability of funding under the Issuer’s deposits has been very stable with limited outflow 
and inflow, primarily driven by the interest rates the Issuer offers, which may be adjusted in accordance with 
the Issuer’s liquidity needs. The main objective of the deposit schemes is to facilitate a low-volatility (with 
regards to nominal amounts) and cost-effective funding source, while being a well-perceived provider of 
savings products. 
Divestment of UK credit management subsidiary 
On 13 April 2022, Hoist Finance announced that it had entered into an agreement with Lowell Financial to 
divest its UK credit management subsidiary, including unsecured NPL portfolios. The enterprise value of the 
transaction is approximately SEK 4,500 million and represents 108 per cent. of Hoist Finance's unsecured 
book value of the unsecured portfolios being sold.  
The book value of the sold unsecured portfolios was approximately SEK 4,150 million, representing 
approximately 19 per cent. of the Group’s total portfolios in December 2021. A portfolio of secured loans of

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
SEK 340 million and group functions will remain operating as usual in the UK. The transaction is expected 
to close in the third quarter 2022 and is subject to approval by the FCA. 
Certain financial information 
Alternative performance measures (APMs) are financial measures of past or future earnings trends, financial 
position or cash flow that are not defined in the applicable accounting regulatory framework, such as in 
IFRS, or in applicable prudential measures, such as in the CRR and CRD. APMs are used by the Group, 
along with other financial measures, when relevant for monitoring and describing its financial situation such 
as in relation to the required asset valuation assessments, and for providing additional useful information to 
users of its financial reports. These measures may be similar to but are not directly comparable with similar 
performance measures that are presented by other companies. Estimated remaining collections (ERC), return 
on equity and cash EBITDA (as defined below) are three APMs that are used by the Group. 
ERC 
ERC is the sum of future projected gross cash collections on purchased portfolios for a set length of time 
(from 1 January 2018 the Group has measured ERC over a period of up to 180 months for each portfolio 
held). The assessment is based on estimates for each loan portfolio and ranges in duration from the following 
month to 180 months ahead. The estimates for each loan portfolio are in turn based on the Group’s 
experience of actively working and collecting on the loan portfolios during their economic life.  
ERC excludes estimated collections beyond the referenced period for the relevant portfolio. These 
projections are based on historical and current portfolio collection performance data and trends and 
assumptions about future debt collection rates, all of which are assessed at least monthly and on a consistent 
basis relative to previous assessments made in respect of the same portfolio. As a result, the Group can 
continuously monitor and review its loan portfolios in relation to their reported values in its balance sheet 
and for the purposes of the Group’s reported revenue recognition, by comparing such values and revenue 
recognition with each portfolio’s ERC development over time.  
The estimation of ERC, its distribution in time and the associated collection cost is a key uncertainty within 
the Group’s policies on revenue recognition of purchased portfolios. These estimates are based on the 
Group’s collection history with respect to not only the assessed portfolio but also portfolios comprising 
similar attributes and characteristics, such as date of purchase, debt originator, type of receivable, customer 
payment history, customer location, and the time since the original charge-off, as well as the Group’s 
experience and existing schedules of repayment plans on the particular portfolio. 
Although ERC must inevitably be based on, among other things, certain assessments and interpretations of 
trends of a forward-looking nature, these calculations when made on a consistent basis over different periods 
and different portfolios should provide for a more consistent and reliable basis for the Group to meet its 
accounting requirements to continuously review the carrying values of these portfolios (see line item 
“acquired loan portfolios” in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet, which can be found on page 103 of the 
auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 of the Issuer incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular). The ERC calculations, 
which are made public on an aggregated basis through the Group’s regular reporting, are thus made 
individually for each portfolio as from its acquisition on the basis of, among other things, the initial 
investment calculation made as well as the subsequent actual collections and deemed future collections, for 
the purpose of adequately adjusting such carrying values as appropriate (inclusive of the application of 
reasonable revenue recognition), and not only to assess the adequacy of the initial investment calculation that 
was made in relation to the respective portfolio purchase. The ERC calculations are performed consistently 
with the accounting policies and principles applied in the initial accounting for such acquisitions when made, 
among other things, by applying the same calculation interest rate for discounted cash-flow purposes that 
formed part of the investment calculation throughout the subsequent ERC calculations.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
The Group can provide no assurances that it will achieve such collections within the specified time periods, 
or at all. ERC is a measure that is also often used by other companies in the debt purchasing industry. 
However, it may be calculated differently by other companies. The Group reports its ERC because it 
represents an estimate of the anticipated future cash collections on its purchased portfolios at any point in 
time, which is an important supplemental measure used by management to assess the Group’s performance 
and the cash generation capacity of the assets backing its business. The Group uses ERC as the business case 
forecast horizon when purchasing portfolios and the Group also uses it for accounting purposes. In this 
Offering Circular, the Group presents ERC on its purchased portfolios over a 180 month period. The table 
below sets forth gross 180-month ERC for the Group as of 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. 
Gross 180-month ERC 
As of 31 December 
SEK million 
2021 
2020 
2019 
ERC(1) 
32,900 
32,763 
38,874 
 
(1) 
Excluding run-off consumer loan portfolio, performing loan portfolios, and portfolios held in the Polish joint venture. 
Return on equity 
Return on equity is the Group’s net profit for the year adjusted for accrued unpaid interest on AT1 capital, 
divided by equity, adjusted for AT1 capital reported in equity, calculated as the quarterly average for the 
financial year. Return on equity is one of five financial targets, and the Group targets a 15 per cent. return on 
equity in the medium term in order to ensure the right balance between growth, profitability and capital 
efficiency.  
Return on equity calculations, adjusted for items affecting comparability 
 
Full year   
Full year 
SEK million 
2021         
2020 
Equity 
4,941 
5,158 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
(1,106)     
(1,106) 
Reversal of interest expense paid for AT1 
capital 
90             
60 
Reversal of items affecting comparability(1) (2) 
106           
155 
Total equity 
4,031 
4,267 
Total equity (quarterly average)(3) 
3,997 
4,260 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
(117)           
41 
Reversal of items affecting comparability(1) (2) 
106         
155 
Estimated annual profit 
(11)        
196 
Adjustment of interest on AT1 capital 
(91)        
(85) 
Adjusted annual profit 
 
(102)        
111 
Return on equity (%) 
(3)             
3

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(1)  Items affecting comparability for 2021 pertain to a provision for an ongoing tax audit and management restructuring costs. 
(2)  Items affecting comparability for 2020 are made up of the following items, excluding tax: costs related to bond repurchase (SEK 22 million); 
expensed securitisation project costs (SEK 9 million); provision for a legal proceeding in Spain (SEK 9 million); restructuring costs in Italy and 
Great Britain (SEK 9 million); negative revaluation of portfolios in Spain (SEK 106 million); unrealised loss on interest rate swaps (SEK 31 
million); and unrealised loss on market value in liquidity buffer (SEK 16 million). 
(3) Calculated as an average for the financial year based on a quarterly basis. 
 
 
 
Q4 
Q3 
Q2 
Q1 
 
Q4 
Q3 
Q2 
Q1 
Q4 
SEK million 
2021 
2021 
2021 
2021 
 
2020 
2020 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Equity 
4,941 4,873 
5,116 
5,260 
 
5,158 
5,193 
5,116 
5,260 
4,898 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
1,106 1,106 
1,106 
1,106 
 
1,106 
1,106 
1,106 
1,106 
690 
Reversal of interest expense paid for 
AT1 capital 
 
90 
 
90 
 
58 
 
31 
 
 
60 
 
60 
 
27 
 
- 
 
62 
Reversal 
of 
items 
affecting 
comparability 
 
106(1) 
 
106 
 
106 
 
- 
 
 
155(2) 
 
123 
116 
116 
 
72 
Total equity 
4,266 4,270 
4,152 
4,269 
 
4,266 
4,270 
4,152 
4,269 
4,342 
(1)  Refer to footnote (1) set out above relating to items affecting comparability for 2021. 
(2)  Refer to footnote (2) set out above relating to items affecting comparability for 2020. 
Cash EBITDA 
Cash EBITDA is the Group’s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and (non-costed) amortisation 
(EBITDA), adjusted by further adding back (costed) amortisation on run-off portfolios and (costed) 
amortisation on acquired loan portfolios. The Group uses this measure to show the Group’s aggregated cash 
generation from its business in order to facilitate comparisons over time as well as with other companies in 
the same industry. 
Cash EBITDA 
 
Full 
Year  
Full 
Year 
SEK million 
2021  
2020 
Profit for the period 
(117)      
41 
+ Income tax expense 
78      
41 
+ / - Net result from financial transactions 
(85)          6 
+ Interest expense 
574    
582 
- Interest income (excl. interest from run-off performing portfolio) 
2         
(5) 
+  Portfolio revaluations 
635    
805 
+ Depreciation and amortisation of tangible and intangible assets  
129    
134 
EBITDA  
1,216      
1,604 
 
 
+ Gross cash collections on acquired loan portfolios 
6,557  
6,324 
- Interest income on acquired loan portfolios 
(3,006) 
(3,302) 
Cash EBITDA  
4,767 
4,626 
 
 
Geographic presence 
Hoist Finance is present in 13 countries across Europe. When a licensed entity wishes to conduct licensed 
activities in other jurisdictions, this can be done either by establishing a branch or by conducting business 
itself in such new jurisdiction. The latter is referred to as “passporting the license”. The Issuer has 
established branches in Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, France, the UK, Romania and Poland and is

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
thereby subject to scrutiny from local regulators in these jurisdictions in addition to the supervision 
conducted by the SFSA. The Issuer has also passported its license to conduct financial business into France, 
Greece, Germany, Austria, and Cyprus and the SFSA has notified the local regulators in each of these 
jurisdictions that the Issuer is, will be or is evaluating the possibility of, conducting business there. A large 
part of the Issuer’s business is conducted through its subsidiaries and branches. 
In Poland, Hoist Finance is licensed by the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) to service assets of securitisation funds, which is the typical structure used to purchase NPLs 
in Poland.  
Hoist Finance undertakes collections (by itself or via an outsourcing partner) on purchased debt in Germany, 
Austria, Belgium, the Netherlands, France, the UK, Poland, Italy, Spain, Romania, Cyprus and Greece. Hoist 
Finance’s headquarters are located in Stockholm, Sweden, where Hoist Finance also raises funding through 
its deposit platforms, and manages Group functions for finance, risk control and compliance, but where Hoist 
Finance does not collect debt. In addition, Hoist Finance has offices in London, UK and Duisburg, Germany, 
where some Group functions, including Hoist Finance’s Group investments function, are located. 
While Hoist Finance’s debt purchase process, including sales, origination and analytics, is largely centralised 
and carried out on a Group level, the debt collection activities are mainly carried out locally in each market.  
UK  
In the UK, Hoist Finance purchased its first portfolio in 2011. 
In April 2022, Hoist Finance entered into an agreement with Lowell Financial to divest its UK credit 
management subsidiary, including unsecured NPL portfolios.  
The divestment of the UK unsecured operations is a result of Hoist Finance’s commitment to invest and 
operate where the Group can generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. The sale provides Hoist Finance with 
the opportunity to grow and invest in portfolios which can generate higher returns. 
The book value of the sold unsecured portfolios was approximately SEK 4,150 million, representing 
approximately 19 per cent of the Group’s total portfolios in December 2021. The enterprise value of the 
transaction is approximately SEK 4,500 million and represents 108 per cent. of Hoist Finance's unsecured 
book value of the unsecured portfolios being sold. The net pre-tax transaction gain amounts to approximately 
SEK 140 million. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter 2022 and is subject to approval by 
the FCA. 
A UK portfolio of performing secured loans of SEK 340 million will remain operational after the 
divestment. 
Hoist Finance believes that the UK is a transparent market with high visibility and that, although there is 
some price pressure in this market, attractive returns can still be identified. However, more stringent 
requirements on risk and compliance procedures, relative to Hoist Finance’s other markets, have resulted in 
certain structural changes and therefore the UK market has incurred substantial fixed and semi-fixed costs. 
Thus, Hoist Finance believes scale will be a prerequisite for long-term success. Hoist Finance’s strategic 
focus in the UK, post the divestment of its UK unsecured operations, is to participate in performing (secured 
and unsecured) and secured NPL transactions. Hoist Finance will also assess bilateral NPL unsecured 
opportunities, while targeting portfolios with collections outsourced to partners or financial investments in 
secured portfolios mainly in the secondary market.  
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 258 full-time employees in 
the UK.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
France 
Hoist Finance entered the French market in 2001. Similar to the market entrance in Germany, this was 
achieved through a number of purchases of NPL portfolios and Hoist Finance has since then invested 
significantly in optimising the structure, processes and systems of its French platform, including a minor 
acquisition of a collection platform in 2006. In 2019, Hoist Finance made an acquisition of a EUR 375 
million French non-performing mortgage portfolio, adding significant volume to its French operations as 
well as to the secured portfolios segment. 
Most major banks have not yet systematically sold portfolios and have performed the bulk of their collection 
and recovery activities in-house. Despite the relative immaturity of the market, forward flow agreements are 
an established tool used by a variety of regional banks. In France, Hoist Finance operates through a hybrid 
model of in-house collections complemented by third-party collections, including a network of reliable and 
carefully selected debt collection providers, bailiffs and lawyers. Following a site consolidation in 2019, 
Hoist Finance operates two collection platforms in France, where the collection platform located in Lille is 
focused on unsecured portfolios and the collection platform located in Paris is focused on secured portfolios. 
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 122 full-time employees in 
France. 
Spain  
Hoist Finance entered the Spanish market in June 2016 by purchasing its first portfolio. In September 2016, 
Hoist Finance also acquired the Madrid based master servicing company Optimus. 
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 94 full-time employees in 
Spain. 
Germany / Austria  
Hoist Finance has operated in Germany since 1997 when Hoist Finance established operations through a 
number of NPL portfolio purchases managed out of its Swedish operations. Hoist Finance has grown its 
German operations primarily through two substantial structural sale transactions. In 1999, Hoist Finance 
acquired Citibank’s collection platform in Bremen and Duisburg, including 90 full time employees and a 
portfolio with more than 150,000 claims, and in 2006, Hoist Finance expanded further through the 
acquisition of the German debt collection platform of SEB, including 80 full time employees and a mixed 
portfolio of secured and unsecured claims.  
In Germany, Hoist Finance has partnerships with a large number of financial institutions. Hoist Finance 
operates in-house collections with one collection platform in Duisburg and has both debt purchase 
operations, focusing on unsecured consumer NPLs, and debt servicing operations, although the debt 
servicing operations are conducted very selectively. During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the 
Group had an average of 167 full-time employees in Germany.  
Austrian portfolios are managed by Hoist Finance’s German platform, with administrative file-handling 
managed through a local debt servicing agency, as Hoist Finance has no local presence in Austria. 
Poland  
Hoist Finance has had a significant presence in Poland since 2011. Along with strong economic growth, 
consumer lending in Poland has grown strongly over the past ten years. Consequently, levels of consumer 
NPLs have grown correspondingly over the same period and Polish banks have been quick to adopt portfolio 
sales as a standard measure at the end of their credit cycles. Until 2014, Hoist Finance fully outsourced its

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
collections in Poland. On 31 December 2014, Hoist Finance acquired Navi Lex (whose name was 
subsequently changed to Hoist Polska), one of Hoist Finance’s debt servicing partners in Poland. In the 
second quarter of 2018, the Group acquired a performing loan portfolio including a small platform in 
Warsaw.  
In the second quarter of 2019, Hoist Finance acquired assets at a value up to approximately PLN 400 million 
from the Polish debt management and collections company, GetBack. More than 95 per cent. of the assets 
comprised of non-performing unsecured consumer loans whereas a minor part included secured consumer 
and SME loans.  
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 343 full-time employees in 
Poland. 
Belgium / the Netherlands 
Hoist Finance has been present in Belgium since 2006 and in the Netherlands since 2007. Hoist Finance 
entered both markets by purchasing its first portfolios from debt originator clients with whom Hoist Finance 
had existing relationships in other markets. Since then, Hoist Finance has grown its operations by building 
collection platforms in both jurisdictions and entering into strategic partnerships with a network of carefully 
selected debt servicing partners.  
In both Belgium and the Netherlands, Hoist Finance’s focus is on NPLs originated by financial institutions. 
The Dutch market is characterised by the efficient and effective bailiff system that is a fundamental 
component of Dutch debt collection practices. Consequently, in the Netherlands, Hoist Finance operates 
through a hybrid model of in-house and outsourced collections designed to optimise the use of the bailiff 
system. Hoist Finance’s collections in Belgium are mainly conducted in-house via its platform in 
Amsterdam. 
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 37 full-time employees in 
Belgium and the Netherlands. 
Italy  
Hoist Finance entered the Italian market by purchasing its first portfolio in 2011. Focusing initially on 
purchasing tertiary payer claims known as cambiali (Italian bills of exchange that are legally binding 
payment plans offering stable and predictable cash flows), Hoist Finance built a presence in the Italian 
market and gained increased market intelligence. Hoist Finance has since broadened its scope of assets in 
Italy, including claims from SMEs and mortgage debt. Although Hoist Finance has experienced increased 
competition in portfolio purchases in recent years, Hoist Finance has continued to extend its local 
relationships and footprint. As such, in August 2014, Hoist Finance acquired the operations of its Italian 
service partner TRC (whose name was subsequently changed to Hoist Italia) for the purposes of scaling up 
the Italian operations. 
Several banks in the Italian market have recently begun to actively pursue NPL sales. Italy is a strategically 
important market as Hoist Finance expects banks to increasingly carry out systematic sales to clear out their 
backlog of NPLs and to sell claims at an earlier stage of the recovery cycle. Hoist Finance expects to 
continue to build on this collection platform ahead of this expected growth development.  
Hoist Finance operates three collection platforms in Italy, located in Lecce, Rome and Spoleto. During the 
financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 344 full-time employees in Italy. 
Greece 
In 2016, Hoist Finance entered into a strategic partnership as part of a consortium, consisting of Hoist 
Finance, Qualco S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Business Solutions S.A., selected via a tender process

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
initiated by the Bank of Greece, to manage an aggregated NPL portfolio of 16 Greek banks and financial 
institutions under liquidation and to drive the reorganisation and optimisation of the underlying entities. 
Total assets of the initial NPL portfolio amounted to approximately EUR 9 billion and covered all major 
asset classes. In November 2018, Hoist Finance concluded its first transaction in the Greek market through 
the acquisition of a EUR 74 million portfolio of non-performing, unsecured consumer and small business 
loans from Alpha Bank. 
In addition, Hoist Finance has established a wholly owned local subsidiary, Hoist Hellas S.A., licensed as a 
credit servicing firm by the Bank of Greece. 
In 2021, Hoist Finance entered into an agreement with Alpha Bank to acquire a Greek portfolio of NPLs, 
comprising unsecured consumer loans and a minor part of small enterprise loans and secured loans. The total 
expected collection is EUR 1,924 million and the total investment is EUR 99.9 million. The transaction 
closed in March 2022, making Hoist Finance one of the key players in the NPL market in Greece.  
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 8 full-time employees in 
Greece. 
Romania 
The Romanian branch office, Hoist Finance AB (publ) Romania, is a nearshoring operation providing 
services within the Group. On 1 September 2020, the newly formed Hoist Finance AB (publ) Romania 
acquired substantially all net assets in the subsidiary, Hoist Finance Romania S.r.l..  
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 148 full-time employees in 
Romania. 
Cyprus 
In December 2020, Hoist Finance entered into an agreement to acquire its first portfolio in Cyprus. 
During the financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Group had an average of 4 full-time employees in 
Cyprus. 
Strategy 
The credit management sector is an important part of the financial system. Solid experience, knowledge of 
the regulatory environment and presence in thirteen European markets enable Hoist Finance to offer banks 
and financial institutions extensive support with debt restructuring solutions. Hoist Finance acquires 
unsecured and secured NPL portfolios from financial institutions, where the underlying customers are either 
consumers or small-ticket SMEs. Hoist Finance also acquires performing loan portfolios with the same 
customer segments in conjunction with acquisitions of NPLs or at times on an opportunistic basis. The major 
share of acquired portfolios are serviced by Hoist Finance’s own debt collection entities. Third party 
servicing can be considered occasionally when it is beneficial. The operating model consists of two main 
areas:  
 
Professional proactive portfolio acquisition and investment processes where risk-adjusted return on 
equity is the key factor for determining what to acquire and how to service acquired portfolios.  
 
Data and analytics driven debt collections, using the most appropriate customer channel and method in 
order to reach optimal collection performance per customer and overall.  
The strategy is based on four strategic pillars: 
Return driven investments - Active capital and resource allocation to reach attractive risk-adjusted returns

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Hoist Finance acquires portfolios that can generate attractive risk-adjusted return on equity and focuses on 
acquisitions in markets where Hoist Finance has experience and reliable data and statistics. Hoist Finance 
may also acquire portfolios in other markets where the Group does not operate customer centres, if attractive 
third-party servicing agreements can be reached. Portfolio investments are based on thorough analyses 
including market attractiveness, Hoist Finance’s own capabilities as well as collection performance, 
relationships with banks and the competitive situation.  
Effective & Efficient - Focus on core business and delivering on performance enhancement  
Hoist Finance focuses on profitability, return on equity and earnings growth, concentrating on the core 
business and striving to do the right things in the right way at the right time. Key metrics for the business are 
cost to collect and follow-up on results and achievements. To provide a more flexible cost-base, Hoist 
Finance sometimes partly outsources collections of portfolios. Best practice sharing and having a common 
view on how to operate have a significant impact on the performance of Hoist Finance.  
Digital & data driven - Operations based on data insights and digital solutions  
Hoist Finance’s vast data on customers and their behaviour, combined with strong analytics, is what the 
company uses to determine the approach towards each customer. Hoist Finance does so to ensure the best 
possible solution for each customer, which is the key to its collection performance. Hoist Finance strives for 
the best balance between (i) a local approach to improve collections strategies and the use of 
communications channels and (ii) leveraging its strength of being a pan-European financial institution to 
centrally develop and invest in machine learning and artificial intelligence, which are cornerstones of Hoist 
Finance’s group wide digital strategy. This strategy aims at strengthening Hoist Finance’s digital solutions 
towards its customers, as well as focusing on automation to increase operational efficiency.  
SFSA regulated platform - Exploiting funding cost advantage and understanding of banking clients’ 
challenges  
Hoist Finance has been a credit institution regulated by the SFSA since 1996. This has provided access to 
low-cost funding through bank deposits, which represents a cost advantage compared to its peers. It is 
valuable in commercial situations and serves as a quality stamp given the extensive regulatory requirements 
involved in obtaining a banking licence.  
Competition 
Competition and pricing levels in the markets in which the Group operates affect the Group’s ability to 
successfully and profitably purchase debt portfolios. In recent years, there has been a trend towards increased 
concentration in the industry, with a small core group of pan-European debt purchasers (debt purchasers with 
presence in more than four European markets where no single market represents more than 50 per cent. of 
revenue), such as Intrum, Lowell, EOS, Kruk and Portfolio Recovery Associates, expanding in scale as 
partners, in particular financial institutions, increasingly place value on a robust compliance framework, a 
multi-national presence and long-term relationships with debt purchasers. In addition, there are large single-
market focused debt purchasers, such as Encore and Arrow Global, which are primarily focused on the UK. 
In line with this recent concentration, there has been an increase in sophistication in the industry, where 
reputation and ethical behaviour have become of fundamental importance in order to maintain relationships 
with current and potential sellers, especially financial institutions. This has forced the industry to generally 
increase the quality of debt purchasing operations in order to maintain competitiveness, and these major 
market participants have the operational resources to respond to these developments.  
Further, this will also encourage further industry consolidation in Europe. As the general level of 
competition in the debt purchasing industry has increased, the prices for portfolios have increased 
accordingly.  In the past few years, increased volumes have been divested by financial institutions largely 
due to regulatory developments, and at the same time funding has become increasingly expensive for the 
debt purchasing industry in general. This has resulted in buyers of NPL portfolios having been forced to be

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
more diligent by focusing on profitability instead of growth, which has supported a stabilisation of prices for 
non-performing debt portfolios. This development has of course been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic 
which has resulted in significant market uncertainty and reduced supply. Beyond the COVID-19 pandemic, 
markets are expected to normalise both in terms of volume and pricing. 
COVID-19 market impact 
Global credit markets have felt the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic since it began in 2020. Government 
support and forbearance schemes have supported global credit markets in what has been a tough time for 
both lenders and borrowers. The extent of such support given has varied from country to country, placing 
banks in different stages of the recovery process. Despite the negative economic impact due to the pandemic, 
European Union banks have been able to maintain overall stability and also control the growth of the non-
performing exposure stock. This is partly due to the significant support measures implemented by 
governments, such as moratoria and state guarantees as over EUR 900 billion of European loans have 
received support through the EBA eligible moratoria. Therefore, the impacts of the COVID-19 crisis will be, 
to some extent, delayed in the NPL sector and along with a deterioration of asset quality in the balance sheet 
of banks, is expected to materialise in 2022. The impact of the crisis is expected to be asymmetrical as far as 
each country is concerned due to the variations in responses of governments across the world. 
Insurance 
Hoist Finance’s Group-wide insurance policies include insurance to cover certain risks associated with the 
Group’s business, including general liability, crime insurance, professional liability, directors’ and officers’ 
liability insurance and cyber insurance. The Group uses an insurance broker to maintain consistency of 
coverage across jurisdictions.  
Internal governance and control 
Hoist Finance’s internal control framework is designed to establish three “lines of defence”: (i) management 
and implementation, (ii) control functions and (iii) audits.  
In the first line of defence, the Board of Directors of the Issuer decides on the objectives, strategies and risk 
levels to be applied in Hoist Finance’s operations, including issuing policies on Hoist Finance’s operational 
governance. Hoist Finance’s executive management team (the Executive Management Team) manages and 
delegates these decisions to non-executive and mid-level management who, in turn, are responsible for 
implementing these decisions across Hoist Finance’s operations. There are reporting procedures in place all 
the way from local level up to management and board level. These reporting procedures serve to identify and 
elevate any risk management and compliance issues and thus ensure that Hoist Finance’s internal governance 
is effective and that the execution of Hoist Finance’s objectives and strategies is carried out in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations.  
In the second line of defence, Hoist Finance has dedicated risk, compliance and security functions that serve 
as independent support and provide advice for internal control processes, assess important areas of risk and 
compliance and follow up specific risk control and compliance measures. Hoist Finance’s risk control, 
compliance and security functions are located at Hoist Finance’s headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden.  
In the third line of defence, Hoist Finance regularly carries out independent internal, as well as external, 
audits to test and review the work carried out in the first two lines of defence and to continuously identify 
areas of improvement. 
 
Board of directors

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
The Board of the Issuer consists of six members elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The table 
below sets forth the name and current position of each Board member. 
Name 
Position 
Board member since 
Bengt Edholm 
Chair 
2022 
Peter Zonabend 
Member 
2021 
Camilla Philipson Watz 
Member 
2022 
Lars Wollung 
Member 
2022 
Christopher Rees 
Member 
2022 
Rickard Westlund 
Member 
2022 
Bengt Edholm 
Born 1956. Chair of the Board and Board member since 2022. 
Principal education: Master of Science in Economics, Uppsala University. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the board of directors and Chairman of the Risk and 
Compliance Committee of Collector Bank AB. 
Peter Zonabend 
Born 1980. Board member since 2021. 
Principal education: Master of Laws and Bachelor of Science in Business, General Business Administration 
and Economics, Stockholm University and European Master in Law and Economics Programme at Aix-
Marseille III, Aix-en-Provence. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chief Executive Officer of Arwidsro Fastighets AB and member of 
the board of directors of Oasmia Pharmaceutical. 
Camilla Philipson Watz 
Born 1975. Board member since 2022. 
Principal education: Master of Laws, Stockholm University. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chief Legal Officer at Borgo AB. 
Lars Wollung 
Born 1961. Board member since 2022.  
Principal education: Master of Science in Electrical Engineering, Stockholm Royal Institute of Technology, 
Bachelor of Arts in business administration, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Senior advisor to EQT, Chairman of the board of RaySearch 
Laboratories, Chairman of the board of Dignisia and Board member in Bluestep Bank. 
 Christopher Rees 
Born 1972. Board member since 2022. 
Principal education: Master of Science in Finance and Accounting, London School of Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Econnext, Board member of Seerave and Strategic 
advisor to Cogniteam.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Rickard Westlund 
Born 1966. Board member since 2022. 
Principal education: Master of Science in Economics, Örebro University. 
Other on-going principal assignments: CEO Ropo Capital. 
Committees 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has three committees: (i) the Remuneration Committee, (ii) the Risk and 
Audit Committee and (iii) the Investment Committee.  
The Remuneration Committee's primary task is to prepare the Board of Directors to make decisions on 
remuneration policies, remuneration and other terms of employment for Executive Management Team 
members and employees responsible for control functions. The committee monitors and evaluates ongoing 
variable remuneration programmes for the Executive Management Team and those completed during the 
year, as well as the application of the remuneration guidelines for senior executives resolved on by the 
general meeting and the Group’s remuneration structure and remuneration levels. The Remuneration 
Committee informs the full Board of Directors at each ordinary Board meeting about matters discussed and 
prepared. The Remuneration Committee shall have at least two members. 
The Risk and Audit Committee serves in an advisory capacity and prepares issues for consideration and 
decision by Hoist Finance’s Board of Directors. The Risk and Audit Committee also has a mandate to make 
decisions in matters regarding the procurement of non-audit related services from external auditors. The 
committee is responsible for monitoring and ensuring the quality of financial reporting and the effectiveness 
of the Issuer’s internal control and tasks performed by the Internal Audit, Risk Control, Compliance and 
Security functions. The committee also discusses assessments pertaining to the annual accounts. In matters 
relating to the external audit, the Risk and Audit Committee, notwithstanding the Board of Directors’ other 
responsibilities and duties, regularly meets with and reviews reports from the Issuer’s external auditors in 
order to remain informed about the focus and scope of the audit and to discuss the coordination of the 
external and internal audit with the external auditor. The Risk and Audit Committee informs the Board of 
Directors about audit results, the manner in which the audit contributed to the reliability of financial 
reporting, and the role played by the committee in the process. The committee also remains informed about 
Swedish Inspectorate of Auditors’ quality control of the Issuer’s external auditors and is responsible for the 
auditors’ independence and impartiality and the selection procedure for auditor recommendation. The Risk 
and Audit Committee informs the full Board of Directors at each ordinary Board meeting about matters 
discussed and decisions made by the committee. The Risk and Audit Committee shall have at least three 
members. 
The main task of the Board Investment Committee is to monitor the quality and valuation of Hoist Finance’s 
portfolio investments, investment processes and portfolio valuations. The Board Investment Committee shall 
verify certain decisions made by the Management Investment Committee and the Revaluation Committee. 
Potential portfolio investments with a value above EUR 50 million and complex non-standard transactions 
above EUR 25 million always require the approval of the Board Investment Committee, while potential 
portfolio investments with a value above EUR 100 million, non-standard transactions above EUR 75 million, 
or which require an SFSA approval, permanent establishments in new markets and acquisitions and transfer 
of companies or parts of business will have to be approved by the Board of Directors. The revaluation 
process focusses on addressing significant performance outliers on a portfolio level. Portfolios are flagged if 
aggregate gross collection performance over a full nine-month period since purchase or last revaluation is 
outside of a +/- 20 per cent. corridor or greater than SEK 10 million in absolute terms (and the absolute 
collection difference is at least SEK 1 million) or where less than nine months have passed since purchase or 
last revaluation and the aggregate gross collection performance to date is outside of a +/- 40 per cent. 
corridor.  When a portfolio is flagged, a portfolio review is conducted and if deemed necessary, a proposal is 
made to adjust the valuation of that portfolio on Hoist Finance’s balance sheet. Referral to the Board

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Investment Committee is required for all proposed impacts greater than SEK 20 million (on a portfolio level) 
and/or where the proposal entails adding more than SEK 10 million from years 4 to 15 on the collection 
curve. In addition, changes in regulation, significant operational considerations, or significant changes in 
assumptions in the underlying investment case may lead to further portfolios qualifying for referral to the 
Board Investment Committee. The Board Investment Committee informs the full Board of Directors at each 
ordinary Board meeting about matters discussed and investment and revaluation decisions made by the 
Board Investment Committee. The Board Investment Committee shall have at least three members.  
The work of each committee is performed in accordance with written instructions and the rules of procedure 
for the Board of Directors stipulated by the Board of Directors. The work of the Remuneration Committee, 
the Risk and Audit Committee and partially the Investment Committee is preparatory in nature and does not 
constitute a delegation of the liability under Swedish law of the Board of Directors for these matters.  
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has, in addition to the Board committees, implemented four other non-
Board committees. The work of each committee is performed in accordance with written instructions 
stipulated by the Board of Directors. These committees are the Management Investment Committee, the 
Asset and Liability Committee, the Credit Committee and the Revaluation Committee and each of the 
committees have certain decision making powers. The Management Investment Committee is the body 
responsible for the Group’s investment decisions, in accordance with the Group’s investment instructions 
and pricing guidelines, and undertakes controls as to the performance of the Group’s portfolios. The Asset 
and Liability Committee is the body that decides upon the strategic planning of the company’s balance sheet 
and the management of it, including the responsibilities for decision-making in relation to HoistSpar and 
Hoist Finance’s German savings accounts product, and in relation to limits, interest rate and other terms for 
intra-group loans to wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Credit Committee is responsible for monitoring the 
performing loan book and has certain decision making power in relation to credit decisions. The Revaluation 
Committee is responsible for monitoring circumstances and for conducting recurring reviews of ERC as well 
as for considering and examining the impacts of and (subject to any required referral to the Board Investment 
Committee) deciding upon revaluations. 
Executive Management Team 
The Executive Management Team of the Group consist of a team of five persons. 
Lars Wollung 
Acting Chief Executive Officer 
Born 1961. Hoist Finance employee since 2022.  
Principal education: Master of Science in Electrical Engineering, Stockholm Royal Institute of Technology, 
Bachelor of Arts in business administration, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Senior advisor to EQT, Chairman of the board of RaySearch 
Laboratories, Chairman of the board of Dignisia and Board member in Bluestep Bank. 
Christian Wallentin  
Chief Financial Officer 
Born 1975. Hoist Finance employee since 2021. 
Principal education: MSc Economics and Business Administration, Stockholm School of Economics, CEMS 
Master Interanational Management, ESADE. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Not applicable.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Fabien Klecha 
Chief Investment Officer 
Born 1984. Hoist Finance employee since 2012. 
Principal education: Bachelor Degree in Business Administration, Università Commerciale L. Bocconi 
(Italy). Master Degree in Management, HEC Paris (France). 
Other on-going principal assignments: Hoist Finance Country Manager France. 
Melanie Foster 
Chief of Staff 
Born 1975. Hoist Finance employee since 2012.  
Principal education: Bachelor of Science, The University of Glasgow. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Not applicable. 
Jelle Dekkers 
Chief Operations Officer 
Born 1981. Hoist Finance employee since 2017. 
Principal education: Bachelor in Business Administration at Avans Hogeschool, s’-Hertogenbosch, The 
Netherlands. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Hoist Finance Country Manager, BeNeLux. 
Conflicts of interest 
No member of the Board of Directors or Executive Management Team has any private interest that might 
conflict with Hoist Finance’s interests or those of the Issuer. However, several members of the Board of 
Directors and Executive Management Team have certain financial interests in Hoist Finance as a 
consequence of their holdings, direct or indirect, of shares in the Issuer. There are no family ties between 
members of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management Team. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts, which are not entered into in the ordinary course of its 
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under any obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the holders of the Notes. 
Business address 
The members of the Board of Directors, the members of the Executive Management Team and the members 
of the Group’s management team may be contacted at the Issuer’s address: Bryggargatan 4, SE-111 21 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
Auditors 
The most recent auditor election was at the 2022 annual general meeting when Ernst & Young AB, with 
Daniel Eriksson (authorised public accountant and member of FAR, the Swedish Institute for Authorised and

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Approved Public Accountants) as auditor-in-charge, was elected for the period until the end of the 2023 
annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB, with Daniel Eriksson as auditor-in-charge, was the Issuer’s 
auditor for the financial year 2021 as well as for 2020. Ernst & Young AB’s office address is Hamngatan 26, 
111 47 Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDEN  
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Offering 
Circular and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does thus 
not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the 
Notes and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the 
summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment 
companies and life insurance companies, not described below. In addition, the summary does not address 
Notes that are held on an "investment savings account" (Sw. investeringssparkonto) that are subject to a 
specific tax regime. Investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and 
foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, 
owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, 
or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder 
does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or 
interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a non-resident holder will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless the non-resident holder of Notes carries on business activities in Sweden through 
a permanent establishment to which the Notes are attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or 
have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten 
calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This liability may, however, be limited by tax 
treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax law does not impose 
withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of notes. However, if amounts that 
are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or an estate of a

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
deceased person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally 
withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 17) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.  
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common financial transactions tax (the FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 22 June 2022, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. The Programme Agreement also provides that the obligations of any Dealer to 
purchase Notes under any agreement for the issue and purchase of such Notes is subject to certain 
conditions. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
UK 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been 
approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and such competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been 
approved with respect to the Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a 
prospectus is available under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering 
Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes was originally duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Hoist Kredit AB (publ) dated 12 May 2016. On 15 March 2017, the Board of 
Directors of Hoist Kredit AB (publ) resolved to increase the Programme amount from EUR 750,000,000 to 
EUR 1,000,000,000. As of 2 January 2018, Hoist Kredit AB (publ) merged with the Issuer whereby the 
Issuer substituted Hoist Kredit AB (publ) as principal debtor under the Notes by way of universal succession. 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 21 June 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 22 June 2022. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on https://www.hoistfinance.com/investors/:  
(a) 
the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the 
Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Offering Circular;  
(d) 
a copy of the Offering Circulars dated 3 August 2018, 5 August 2020 and 1 July 2021; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 31 
March 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2021. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken 
as a whole. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young AB who were appointed at the Issuer’s 2020 annual general 
meeting to replace KPMG AB as the Issuer’s auditor for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Ernst 
& Young AB have audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification, for the financial years ended on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. The Issuer’s accounts for each of the two financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 have, in each case, been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form approved by the auditors of 
the Issuer. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of any Notes 
issued under the Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Trustee's action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in 
certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.  It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, notwithstanding the 
provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it.  Where the Trustee is unable to take any 
action, the Noteholders are permitted by the Conditions and the Trust Deed to take the relevant action 
directly. 
Language of this Offering Circular 
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Hoist Finance AB (publ) 
P.O. Box 7848 
103 99 Stockholm 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Agency & Trust Department 
5th Floor Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Allen & Overy LLP 
PO Box 4291 
One Bishops Square 
SE-203 14 Malmö 
London E1 6AD 
Sweden 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
DEALERS  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Reuterweg 16  
Calle de Ayala, 42  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
28001 Madrid  
Germany 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
Satamaradankatu 5 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
Germany 
Finland 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Earlsfort Centre 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square, London, E1 6AD