--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 14 March 2024 
Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport (the “Issuer” or 
“HIT”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank of Ireland”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance 
with, and includes the information required by, Annexes 7 and 15 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the issue of Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of 
approval by the Central Bank of Ireland of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
(as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued 
by the European Commission (a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the 
Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated 
in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding 
of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global 
Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been (i) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”) and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or certified under the Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 14 March 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of Abertis (www.abertis.com) and on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. Copies of all documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of Abertis (www.abertis.com) and may be obtained, without charge on request, at the 
registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
A53510037 
Arranger 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
IMI – INTESA SANPAOLO 
J.P. MORGAN  
MEDIOBANCA 
MIZUHO 
MUFG 
NATIXIS  
SANTANDER CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 3 ---
A53510037                                                                                3 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that to the 
best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and, each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) 
of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, the Sanef Group or the Group since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer, the Sanef Group or the Group since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see “Subscription and Sale”. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “EU MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which will determine if the channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for

--- Page 4 ---
A53510037                                                                                        4 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in EU MiFID II in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer is not an EU MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
as amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook, as amended (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Issuer will 
make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately 
verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or

--- Page 5 ---
A53510037                                                                                        5 
the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should make their own assessment of the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, the Sanef Group or the Group 
during the life of the provisions contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty 
(60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to 
certain reference rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England (the administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and the European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) do not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators of SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. 
GENERAL 
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “euro” and “EUR” are to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” 
are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €5,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer

--- Page 6 ---
A53510037                                                                                        6 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions 
of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”.  
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.  
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, 
“plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial 
position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which we expect to operate in the future.  
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 7 ---
A53510037                                                                                        7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 8
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................33
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................34
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................36
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .......................86
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................92
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE BUSINESS ..............................................................................93
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................ 112
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 117
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................120
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................136

--- Page 8 ---
A53510037                                                                                            8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings 
in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Conditions, in which event (in the case of Notes admitted to trading only) a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes.  
Issuer: 
Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport (“HIT”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
9695004S3RCE0Q5V8G28 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the Arranger, the persons listed 
above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and to “Dealers” 
are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a 
dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Euro 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time (the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit 
may be increased, as provided in the dealer agreement dated 14 
March 2024 between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch

--- Page 9 ---
A53510037                                                                                            9 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more Issue Dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue 
Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche will be completed in 
the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a EEA state in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by French law) equally with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding.  
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out 
in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default 
(including cross default): 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
the Notes as set out in Condition 9 (Events of Default).

--- Page 10 ---
A53510037                                                                                            10 
Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount 
which, unless otherwise provided, should be its nominal amount. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of 
less than one (1) year from their date of issue and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and 
“Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer”, “Squeeze Out 
Redemption Option”, “Loss of Concession Redemption Option” 
below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in Condition 6(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons)) or illegality (as provided in 
Condition 6(j) (Illegality). 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date at their Optional Redemption 
Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be the greater 
of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at 
the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder following a Put Change of 
Control Event or Reduction in 
Controlling Shareholder:  
In the event of a Put Change of Control Event, each Noteholder 
will have the right to request the Issuer to redeem or procure the 
purchase of all or part of its Notes as set out in Condition 6(l) 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholder following a Put 
Change of Control Event). 
In addition, in the event of a Put Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder Event, each Noteholder will have the right to 
request the Issuer to redeem or procure the purchase of all or part

--- Page 11 ---
A53510037                                                                                            11 
of its Notes as set out in Condition 6(m) (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholder following Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder). 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, 
at any time as from the call option date, which shall be no earlier 
than three (3) months before the Maturity Date of the Notes or 
such shorter time period as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Squeeze Out Redemption Option: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
the event that 25 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes remains outstanding, the 
Issuer may have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes in that Series at their Squeeze Out 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption.  
Loss of Concession Redemption 
Option: 
In the case of a Loss of Concession, the Issuer may redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount, no later than 30 calendar days following the receipt as 
the case may be, by the Sanef Concession Holder of the monetary 
compensation due under the terms of the Sanef Concession 
Agreement or by the SAPN Concession Holder of the monetary 
compensation due under the terms of the SAPN Concession 
Agreement.  
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or 
interest in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction 
or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case 
may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, subject to 
certain exceptions.  
See Condition 8 (Taxation).

--- Page 12 ---
A53510037                                                                                            12 
Interest Periods and Rates of Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency pursuant to the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments, or 
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., or 
(iii) by reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, EURIBOR or CMS 
(or such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin and subject to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 5(e) (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event).  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest) in respect 
of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and 
based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of

--- Page 13 ---
A53510037                                                                                            13 
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global 
Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to 
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date 
or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year 
and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined 
in “ – Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will 
be represented by a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes 
will be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes 
that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered 
Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on 
issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by English law save that Condition 3 (Status) is 
governed by French law. 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and references to listing 
shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted.  
No Offer to the Public: 
The Notes shall not be offered to the public in any Member State 
of the EEA or in the UK. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final 
Terms related to the Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated

--- Page 14 ---
A53510037                                                                                            14 
Market in the EEA will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and on the website of Abertis 
(www.abertis.com) and copies may be obtained on request 
without charge at the registered office of the Issuer. The Final 
Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Use of proceeds  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the 
Issuer’s general corporate purposes. If in respect of any 
particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
A53510037                                                                                            15 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained in 
this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the risks 
highlighted below could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, financial condition or 
prospects of the Issuer, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the amount of principal and 
interest which investors will receive in respect of the Notes. In addition, each of the risks highlighted below 
could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights of investors under the Notes and, as a result, 
investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any documents incorporated by reference herein (as further described in “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” below), and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. The Issuer has 
described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may be additional 
risks that it currently considers not to be material or of which is not currently aware, and any of these risks 
could have the effects set forth above. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In each category below the Issuer sets out 
first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact and the probability of their occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one 
category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The Issuer is the ultimate holding company of the Group 
The Issuer is a holding company of the Group with no business operations other than the holding of the stakes 
directly in SANEF and, indirectly through SANEF, in SANEF’s consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the 
“Sanef Group”) and certain other activities ancillary to its incorporation. 
In order to meet its financing and liquidity needs, the Issuer’s main sources of cash flow include up streamed 
dividends and tax group benefits received from the operating companies of the Sanef Group. The Issuer in 
addition held €477 million in cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2023. The Group total committed 
liquidity is equal to €500 million as at 31 December 2023. The Group has secured liquidity by way of the 
following Revolving Credit Facilities: two Revolving Credit Facilities at HIT level for €200 million each 
maturing on 30 October 2024 and on 30 April 2028 and one Revolving Credit Facility at SANEF level for €100 
million maturing on 28 September 2028. All Revolving Credit Facilities of the Group remain undrawn as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. All the existing and future liabilities of the Sanef Group, including any claims of 
trade creditors, will be effectively senior to the Notes.  
The Issuer is therefore subject to all risks to which the Sanef Group and its members are subject. Investors will 
not have any direct claims on the cash flows or the assets of the Sanef Group or any of its members, and no 
member of the Sanef Group has any obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes 
or to make funds available to HIT for these payments. A description of the material risks to which the Sanef 
Group is subject is contained in the section below entitled “RISKS RELATING TO THE SANEF GROUP”. 
Financial Risks  
The Group has substantial indebtedness

--- Page 16 ---
A53510037                                                                                            16 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s indebtedness was of 72.6% of the total consolidated balance sheet. The 
level of indebtedness of the Group, which stood at €5.4 billion as at year-end 2023 (compared to €5.4 billion as 
at year-end 2022), as well as the financing costs associated with this debt could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations and its ability to obtain future financing for acquisitions, capital expenditure on 
replacement assets, new investments or for any other purposes. 
The Group’s financial indebtedness may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for 
repayment 
The Group needs to secure significant levels of financing to fund its operations.  If the Group is required to 
repay borrowings early it may be subject to prepayment penalties and if the cash flows from its operations and 
other capital resources (including borrowings under existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to pay 
such obligations, the Group may be forced to: 

reduce or delay participation in certain activities;

sell certain non-core business assets;

obtain additional debt or equity capital;

restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity; or

reduce the distribution of dividends. 
Interest rate risk 
Due to their high level of net debt, HIT and the Sanef Group may be affected by the evolution of euro zone 
interest rates. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the global growth outlook remains marked by extreme uncertainty. 
During 2023, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) has tightened gradually its monetary policy in order to 
tackle the high inflation caused by, among other factors, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the heightened 
geopolitical tensions following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine or the ongoing geopolitical tensions in the Middle 
East. 
Although inflation has since eased, the combined effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and the sanctions imposed 
in the context of the conflict in Ukraine are likely to have an adverse effect on business and consumer confidence 
and the global economy generally. There is a risk that lower business and consumer confidence and activity and 
an energy-fuelled inflation shock could result in higher unemployment rates and lower global economic growth 
at a time when the global economy is still recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ECB has cut its growth outlook as the conflict in Ukraine and 
geopolitical tensions in the Middle East are likely to keep commodity prices high, weakening households’ 
purchasing power and firms’ ability to invest. After a string of rate raises throughout 2023, the ECB decided to 
maintain a tight monetary policy for the time being with the objective of inflation returning to its 2% target in 
the medium term. 
Taking into account the Group’s future financing plans in order to fund new investments and refinance existing 
indebtedness whilst optimising their dividend policy, the Group is exposed to the risk of increased rates in the 
medium and long term as well as uncertainty as to other financial conditions that will be applicable when future 
financings are entered into.

--- Page 17 ---
A53510037                                                                                            17 
RISKS RELATING TO THE SANEF GROUP 
The Sanef Group is exposed to risks relating to the war between Russia and Ukraine 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine. As a result of the invasion, the EU, 
EU Member States, Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, among others, have developed 
and continue to develop coordinated sanctions and export-control measure packages. The uncertain nature, 
magnitude and duration of Russia’s war in Ukraine and actions taken by the United States, European and other 
states and multinational organisations in response thereto, including, amongst other things, the potential effects 
of sanctions, military aid, export-control measures, travel bans and asset seizures, as well as any Russian 
retaliatory actions, including, amongst other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports and cyber-attacks, on the 
world economy and markets, have contributed to increased fuel prices, market volatility and uncertainty. Such 
geopolitical risks may have a material adverse impact on macroeconomic factors which affect the Sanef Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks relating to concession agreements 
The Sanef Group’s concession agreements are subject to early termination under certain conditions 
and the Sanef Group’s concessions have a limited duration
The Sanef Group’s activities are governed by concession agreements. These concession agreements are (i) the 
SANEF network concession agreement, as amended, and expiring in December 2031, entered into between the 
French State and SANEF in relation to the concession for the construction, maintenance and operation of certain 
motorways approved by a decree dated 29 October 1990 (the “Sanef Concession Agreement”) and (ii) the 
Société des Autoroutes Paris-Normandie (“SAPN”, a subsidiary of SANEF) network concession agreement, as 
amended, and expiring in August 2033, entered into between the French State and SAPN in relation to the 
concession for the construction, maintenance and operation of certain motorways approved by a decree dated 3 
May 1995 (the “SAPN Concession Agreement”).  
These concession agreements can only be amended by way of amendments negotiated with the French State as 
the grantor of the concession. These negotiations can be long and complex. The Autorité de Régulation des 
Transports (“ART”) is vested with the mission to ensure the economic monitoring of motorway concessions 
and to oversee the concession contracts. ART is therefore consulted about (i) any proposed concession 
agreements or (ii) any amendment to existing concession agreements where such amendment has an impact on 
the toll rates of the motorways or on the duration of the concession.  
The French State may, under French rules applicable to administrative contracts, unilaterally terminate 
concession agreements at any time in the public interest or, under contractual provisions, buy back the related 
concession. SANEF would then be entitled to be compensated for an amount that will match the fair value of 
the concession, as determined by the net present value of projected net of tax future cash flows, had it not been 
terminated or repurchased. If the concession agreements are terminated on the basis that the concessionaire is 
found to have seriously or repeatedly breached its contractual obligations, the concession would be awarded to 
another entity following a competitive bidding process and the concession company would be entitled to the 
price paid by the successful bidder. Moreover, should no operator be found, the concessionaire would not be 
entitled to any compensation. In addition, in the event of a breach by the concessionaire of its obligations under 
the concession agreements, the French State may levy penalties.  
The concession agreements provide SANEF with recurring revenue, conversely, in the event of a premature 
end, or a deterioration in the terms and conditions of the concession contracts, this would have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 18 ---
A53510037                                                                                            18 
The Sanef Group could be required to carry out additional works 
Pursuant to some provisions of the schedule of specifications of their respective concessions, the French State 
can require SANEF and/or SAPN to widen certain segments of their respective motorways within two years, 
without further compensation, if average daily traffic over a period of 12 months exceeds a threshold specified 
for each motorway segment. Consequently, the Sanef Group cannot give any assurance that future reviews with 
the grantor of the segments subject to widening will not lead to significant additional investments having to be 
made, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operation. 
At the end of the concessions, SANEF and SAPN will be required to hand-back the assets relating to 
their concession to the French State 
In addition, under the concession agreements, SANEF and SAPN are required to hand back the infrastructure 
in good condition to the French State at the end of the concession. This may require maintenance works beyond 
those scheduled by SANEF and SAPN in the event of unanticipated and faster ageing than expected of these 
assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the Sanef Group’s financial condition and results of 
operation. 
Risks resulting from regulatory changes 
The Sanef Group’s operations are affected by the influence of the French State in its role of regulator and 
European Union policies. As in all highly regulated activities, future regulatory changes, particularly more 
stringent environmental and road safety regulations, may generate additional costs for the Group which may 
not be fully compensated, thereby adversely affecting the Sanef Group’s operating results. 
Any such regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Risks resulting from the creation or increase in specific taxes applicable to motorway concessionaires 
only 
In a similar way, the Group’s results could be affected in the event of an increase in specific motorway taxes. 
Regarding specific taxation or regulation directly linked to a concession, the Group’s motorway concession 
agreements provide, under certain conditions, that the Sanef Group and the French State would then jointly 
agree on the level of compensation due to the Sanef Group. Nonetheless, such measures may not totally nor 
immediately compensate the Sanef Group for the effects of such tax changes. 
Any such specific tax changes could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
For instance, in previous years, the French State has modified certain taxes specific to motorway companies 
and has increased the taxe d’aménagement du territoire in 2010 and the redevance domaniale in 2013. The 
increases in 2010 and 2013 were compensated to motorway companies with additional toll rates increases. The 
French Parliament voted at the end of 2019 a change in the taxe d’aménagement du territoire (renamed “taxe 
sur la distance parcourue sur le réseau autoroutier concédé”), according to which its yearly increase would be 
equal to 70 per cent. of the inflation rate. The refusal to compensate the 2020 increase has been challenged 
before courts by motorway concessionaires and the definitive decision is still pending as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Another example is a new tax on revenues generated by long-distance transport infrastructures (taxe sur les 
infrastructures de transport de longue distance) introduced by the Finance Act for 2024 (Loi de finances 2024) 
dated 29 December 2023. In a decision no. 2023-862 dated 28 December 2023, the French Constitutional 
Council (Conseil constitutionnel) has ruled that the new category of “long-distance transport infrastructures”

--- Page 19 ---
A53510037                                                                                            19 
created by the Finance Act for 2024 and applicable to the above-mentioned tax complies with the French 
Constitution dated 4 October 1958. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, this new tax rate of 4.6% applies to revenues generated by the operations 
of these infrastructures, provided however that the conditions laid down in Article L.425-2 of the French Code 
des impositions sur les biens et services are met and in particular that the revenues exceed €120 million per 
year, and that the average operator’s profitability exceeds 10% on average (i.e., the average of the operator's 
profitability levels is calculated on the basis of the last 7 financial years, excluding the 2 years for which this 
level is the highest and the 2 years for which it is the lowest).  
This new tax is being challenged by the Sanef Group before the competent courts. 
A further increase of the tax on revenues generated by long-distance transport infrastructures (taxe sur les 
infrastructures de transport de longue distance) (which may be amended by the French Parliament as part of 
the passing or revision of any future Finance Act) could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Sanef Group relies almost entirely on the revenue generated by the SANEF Concession Agreement 
and the SAPN Concession Agreement, with activity outside France being non-significant 
As at 31 December 2023, 94.8 per cent. of the sales turnover (excluding construction work revenues) of the 
Sanef Group consisted of toll revenue received under the Sanef Concession Agreement and the SAPN 
Concession Agreement. 
The remainder of turnover is generated by: 

royalties related to sub-concessions motorway service stations, hotels and restaurants (2.1 per cent.);

rental of optical fibre networks to telecommunication operators (0.4 per cent.);

operations, maintenance and advisory activities linked to motorway infrastructures carried out by the 
Sanef Group pursuant to service contracts (1.1 per cent.); and

the sales from the activities of tag (electronic transponders used for electronic toll collection systems) 
issuers for 1.6 per cent. 
The Sanef Group relies almost entirely on the revenue generated by the SANEF Concession Agreement and the 
SAPN Concession Agreement. This risk is, however, mitigated by the size of the Group’s network and the 
number of routes covered, which form a wide range of major truck routes including prime international transit 
roads within France. 
Consequently, HIT considers that the risks related to the concentration of its business are very limited. 
Nevertheless, a deterioration in toll revenue or the terms and conditions of the concession agreements would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to turnover 
Traffic volumes  
The Sanef Group’s revenue consist primarily of toll receipts, which are directly linked to variations in traffic 
volumes, toll rate increases and customers’ reactions to higher tolls. Traffic volumes depend on a number of 
factors, including the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free roads or on toll motorways outside the 
Sanef Group’s network, the quality and the condition of the Group’s motorways, the capacity of the Sanef 
Group’s network to absorb traffic and avoid saturation of its motorways, fuel prices in France, environmental 
regulation (including measures restricting thermic motor vehicle use in order to reduce air pollution), existence

--- Page 20 ---
A53510037                                                                                            20 
of competing forms of transport (long distance buses, rail fare policy, car sharing), legal restrictions on travels 
which may be imposed as a result of public health emergencies or a pandemic such as the COVID-19 pandemic, 
and changes in customer behaviour (such as the expansion of remote work), including economic, socio-cultural, 
climate, weather factors or tourist market conditions. In particular, in connection with the aforementioned 
restrictions on travel, the French government adopted strict social confinement measures to prevent the spread 
of the COVID-19 virus (including traffic restrictions, which were lifted in 2022). This caused an adverse impact 
on demand for the Sanef Group’s toll road services and a notable decrease in traffic levels. 
In addition, as a result of a pandemic such as the COVID-19 pandemic, traffic volumes may notably be affected 
by the expansion of remote work. The construction of competing infrastructures and social movements could 
also affect the levels of traffic. Heavy goods vehicle traffic, which represents circa 36% part of the Sanef 
Group’s toll income in 2023, may also be affected by changes in the European economy. A decrease in traffic 
volumes for any of the reasons stated above could result in a decrease in SANEF’s toll receipts, which could 
have a material adverse effect on SANEF’s financial condition and results of operations.  
Following the 12th amendment to the SAPN Concession Agreement approved by decree on 21 December 2021, 
enabling the transformation of the existing tolling system of A13 and A14 into a free-flow tolling system, SAPN 
is exposed to the risk of fraud resulting from the non-payment of the toll on A13 and A14 by customers. 
However, this risk is expected to be mitigated by a late-payment penalty fee and is capped with a contractual 
profit and loss sharing mechanism. 
As an example, the Sanef Group’s year-on-year traffic variation (in kilometres travelled) in the five previous 
years are presented below:  
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
1.0% 
(24.1)% 
18.9% 
10.7% 
2.5% 
The particularities of the concession agreement regime may alter the Sanef Group’s ability to react or adapt its 
activities, whether in response to changes in traffic, or to economic, financial and technological developments, 
and consequently may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Risks related to inflation and toll rates 
Toll rate adjustments are defined in the SANEF Concession Agreement and in the SAPN Concession Agreement 
based on annual changes in the French consumer price index (excluding tobacco), with a minimum annual 
increase of 70 per cent of the inflation rate. Accordingly, the Sanef Group is exposed to the risk of a decline in 
the rate of inflation. A decrease in the inflation rate would result in lower toll rate increases, which could 
adversely affect the Sanef Group’s results of operation. Conversely, an increase in the inflation rate would result 
in toll rate increases, which could have an adverse effect on traffic. 
As an example, the inflation rates on which the Sanef Group’s toll increases have been based in the five previous 
years are presented below:  
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
1.94% 
0.00%* 
2.6% 
6.3% 
3.9% 
* The CPI of reference used for toll increases of October 2020 was of (0.22)%, and has been floored at 0.00%.

--- Page 21 ---
A53510037                                                                                            21 
In the current highly inflationary environment, extreme variations of inflation may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Increased competition and multimodality risk 
The Sanef Group is subject to competition from other forms of transport. The competition may increase by 
improvements of existing road or motorway networks, construction of new motorway connections or 
competition from toll-free networks. Increased competition may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects in the future. 
The Sanef Group is exposed to operating risks 
In the context of its activity as operator of toll motorways, the Sanef Group, like all motorway operators, may 
be subject to exceptional events including natural disasters (such as landslides or earthquakes) and climate 
conditions (such as snow, freezing rain or floods), vehicle accidents, criminal acts, terrorist acts or other external 
factors (such as requisitions by the government, road haulage or employees strikes, demonstrations at toll 
collection points or cyber-attacks), or failures of toll collection systems. Each of these events or incidents could 
result in a temporary disruption of traffic, loss of a critical item of equipment, part of the Sanef Group’s network 
ceasing to be operational or liability claims being made against the Sanef Group’s network, all leading to a 
temporary decrease in toll revenues or generating significant additional costs required to maintain or to restore 
the Sanef Group’s network to working order. Further, the Sanef Group must keep pace with technological 
progress, notably in the area of toll collection such as electronic toll collection systems. Failure in this respect 
may result in a decrease of traffic volumes, a slower decline of toll collection costs or an increase in toll 
collection costs, which in turn may limit growth of the Sanef Group’s results of operations. Furthermore, due 
to continued technological innovation in toll collection systems and the current increase in energy prices 
(although partially contained by consumption reduction programs), the Sanef Group may be subject to an 
increasing cost base for the management of its activities. 
Regarding tunnels, which are one of the most critical infrastructure items, following the Mont-Blanc tunnel 
accident in 1999, the French State imposed certain requirements relating to safety for tunnels longer than 300 
meters. The tunnels operated by the Sanef Group have therefore been subject to specific studies to establish the 
changes needed and works of compliance undertaken in the previous years. These works were finalised in 2021. 
As another example of operational risks, Bip & Go, a 100 per cent. subsidiary of the Sanef Group, which is a 
distributor for the Sanef Group of ETC (Electronic Toll Collection) services for Light Goods Vehicles, is subject 
to the credit risk of its clients (mainly final customers). Bip & Go faces operating risks in the performance of 
invoicing and cash flow management (billing and collections).  
Any operational risk could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Sanef Group is exposed to construction risks 
Although the Sanef Group has implemented appropriate operational management processes and regularly 
consults with independent experts, the Sanef Group undertakes construction works to be carried out on the 
network under concession. The Sanef Group is exposed to construction risks on the projects carried out by its 
own employees or by external contractors, such as materials shortages, higher materials costs, bankruptcy of a 
co-contractor or work stoppage due to an administrative decision, bad weather conditions or unforeseen 
engineering or environmental problems. These risks, especially if such defects are discovered after the expiry 
of sub-contractors’ warranties, may lead to additional costs, operational delays and payment of overrun penalties 
pursuant to the motorway concession agreements and/or loss of toll revenue due to the resulting interruption or 
disruption of traffic. The Sanef Group’s investments include maintenance investments (representing circa €40 
million per year), investments on pavement and engineering structures (representing circa €40 million per year).

--- Page 22 ---
A53510037                                                                                            22 
In addition, the Sanef Group has committed to carry out additional expansion investments agreed with French 
Authorities. Current expansion projects include the Plan de Relance (a plan of €590 million signed in 2015), 
the Plan d’Investissement Autoroutier (a plan of €122 million signed in 2018), the free flow tolling system on 
the A13 and A14 motorways (a plan of €122 million signed in December 2021) and the Plan d’Investissement 
2022-2026 (a plan of €182 million signed in 2023). Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulation  
The Sanef Group incurs and will continue to incur costs to comply with environmental, health and safety laws 
and regulation. These include regulations covering noise pollution, water protection, air quality and atmospheric 
pollution, waste prevention, greenhouse gas emissions, protection of sites of archaeological interest, national 
parks, nature reserves, classified sites, “Natura 2000” sites (conservation areas for the protection of natural 
habitats and rare species of plants and animals), forest fire prevention and waste disposal.  
The Sanef Group may be subject to stricter laws and regulations in the future and incur higher compliance costs. 
In the case of an accident or damage to the environment, the Sanef Group may be subject to personal injury or 
property damage claims or legal proceedings for harm to natural resources, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Sanef Group may incur losses that are not covered by insurance 
As part of its business the Sanef Group is subject to a number of administrative proceedings and civil actions 
relating to the construction, operations and the management of the Group network. 
The Sanef Group has subscribed property, casualty and liability insurance policies in the ordinary course of its 
business and in accordance with market practice. However, the Sanef Group can give no assurance that these 
policies will cover all amounts that may be due in connection with the maintenance or operation of its motorway 
network and infrastructure, or the increase in costs resulting from damage to the network, or any claims of third 
parties in connection with the construction of the Sanef Group's structures. The Sanef Group may not be able 
to purchase appropriate insurance coverage in the market to cover its risks. In addition, subject to certain 
exceptions, the Sanef Group does not carry engineering-related civil liability policies, insurance covering 
specific risks related to the operation of part of its infrastructure such as tunnels, or any business interruption 
insurance. Any such engineering or operations related claims could result in significant liabilities for the Sanef 
Group, which could have an adverse effect on the Sanef Group’s financial condition and result of its operations. 
The Sanef Group is subject to litigation risks 
The Sanef Group is, and may in the future be, a party to judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings which 
arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to compulsory land purchases required for 
toll road construction, claims relating to defects in construction projects performed or services rendered, claims 
for third party liability in connection with the use of the Sanef Group’s assets or the actions of the Sanef Group’s 
employees, employment-related claims, environmental claims and tax claims. An unfavourable outcome 
(including an out-of-court settlement) in one or more of such proceedings or in future proceedings could have 
a material adverse effect on the Sanef Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Limited financial covenants 
The Notes do not restrict the Issuer or its subsidiaries from incurring additional debt. Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) of the Notes contains a negative pledge that prohibits the Issuer and any Material Subsidiary, in certain

--- Page 23 ---
A53510037                                                                                            23 
circumstances from creating security over assets, but only to the extent that such is used to secure other bonds 
or similar listed or quoted debt instruments. Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Conditions does not contain 
any other covenants restricting the operations of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiaries.  
Furthermore, the Issuer's subsidiaries are not bound by the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and are not 
guarantors of the Notes.  
These limited financial covenants may not provide sufficient protection for investors in the Notes which could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and increase the risk of losing all or part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time, at its discretion and without consulting the Noteholders, substitute for itself as 
principal debtor under any Notes, any Subsidiary of Holding d'Infrastructures de Transport (the “Substitute”), 
pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Substitution) by way of a Deed Poll. Such Condition provides for certain conditions 
to be met before the substitution can take place, including, but not limited to, an unconditional guarantee from 
the Issuer in respect of the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and 
Deed of Covenant. While the ultimate credit risk under the Notes will remain with the Issuer as Guarantor, 
neither the Issuer nor the Substitute will be required to take into consideration any interests arising from the 
circumstances particular to any Noteholder of such Notes with regard to or arising from any such substitution. 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer, being a French société par actions simplifiée à associé unique (simplified joint-stock company) 
having its registered office in France, may be subject to French insolvency law. Under French insolvency law, 
as amended by the newly enacted ordinance No 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 implementing EU 
directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring 
frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures 
concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the 
“Ordinance”), in the event of a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) with a view to restructuring the Issuer’s indebtedness is opened in France with respect 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall be treated as Affected Parties (as defined below) to the extent their rights 
are impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a class of Affected Parties, provided (save in respect of an 
accelerated safeguard procedure) that the Issuer has more than 250 employees and a net turnover of more than 
€20 million, or, alternatively, a net turnover of more than €40 million (assessed on a consolidated basis) at the 
time of opening of the relevant procedure. Under these circumstances, the following provisions (including the 
cross-class cram down mechanism) would apply to the Noteholders.  
Under the Ordinance, parties which are deemed to be Affected Parties and therefore entitled to vote on the draft 
plan are (i) those creditors (including the Noteholders) whose pre-petition claims or rights are directly affected 
by the draft plan (such as the repayment terms of the Notes) (the “Affected Creditors”) and (ii) those 
shareholders and holders of security granting access to the debtor’s share capital, provided that their equity 
interests in the debtor, debtor’s bylaws or their rights are affected or amended by the draft plan (the “Equity 
Holders”, together with the Affected Creditors, the “Affected Parties”)). They will be gathered in classes of 
Affected Parties reflecting a sufficient commonality of economic interests on the basis of objective and 
verifiable criteria set by the court-appointed administrator, which must at a minimum comply with the following 
conditions: 

unsecured creditors and secured creditors benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) over a 
debtor’s asset shall be split in different classes;

--- Page 24 ---
A53510037                                                                                            24 

existing subordination agreements are to be complied with (to the extent they have been notified in due 
course by the Affected Parties to the court-appointed administrator); and 

Equity Holders form one or several distinct classes. 
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed administrator, is 
submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of the classes of Affected Parties, which cannot propose 
their own competing plan in safeguard (as opposed to judicial reorganisation proceedings). 
The contents of the draft plan remain flexible as was the case in the previous regime and may, inter alia, include 
a rescheduling, partial or total debt write-off, and/or debt-for-equity swaps. 
If the draft safeguard plan has been approved by each class of Affected Parties, the court approves the plan after 
verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting Affected Parties are complied with, including in 
particular (i) that the Affected Parties which share a sufficient commonality of interest within the same class 
are treated equally and proportionally to their claims or rights; (ii) that where certain Affected Parties (within 
one class) have voted against the draft plan, none of these Affected Parties is in a less favourable situation (as 
a result of the plan) than it would be in judicial liquidation, in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan or in 
the context of a better alternative solution if the plan was not approved; and (iii) as the case may be, that any 
new financing is necessary to implement the plan and does not unduly prejudice the Affected Parties’ interests. 
Once approved, the plan is binding on all parties. 
The court can refuse to approve the plan if there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the debtor to 
avoid cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business. 
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of Affected Parties, such plan may (at the request of the 
debtor or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the debtor’s approval (or at the request of an Affected 
Party’s in judicial reorganisation proceedings only)) be imposed on the dissenting class(es) of Affected Parties 
subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions (known as the “cross-clam cramdown mechanism”) in 
addition to the afore-mentioned conditions, including in particular: 

approval of the plan (i) by a majority of classes of Affected Parties comprising a class of creditors ranking 
above the unsecured creditors or, failing that, (ii) by one of the classes of Affected Parties entitled to 
vote, other than an Equity Holders class and any other class which one could reasonably assume, based 
on the enterprise value of the debtor assessed as a going concern, that it would not be entitled to any 
payment if the order of priority applicable in judicial liquidation or in the context of a court-ordered 
disposal plan were to be applied; 

satisfaction in full by the same or equivalent means of the claims of the Affected Parties belonging to a 
dissenting class where a lower-ranking class is entitled to payment or to keep an interest (intéressement) 
under the draft plan (the “absolute priority rule”). By exception, at the debtor’s or the court-appointed 
administrator’s request (with the agreement of the debtor), the Court may decide to set aside the absolute 
priority rule if it is necessary to achieve the plan’s objectives and subject to the plan not overly 
prejudicing the rights and interests of the Affected Parties. 
In light of the above, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of Affected Parties may be 
overridden within the said class or by application of the cross-class cramdown mechanism. 
The risk of having the Noteholders’ claims termed out for up to 10 years by the court would only exist if no 
class of Affected Parties is formed in safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings, or in case no plan can 
be adopted following the class-based consultation process in judicial reorganisation (only).

--- Page 25 ---
A53510037                                                                                            25 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Meetings of Noteholders set out in Condition 11(a) 
(Meetings of Noteholders) of the Conditions and in the Agency Agreement will not be applicable to the extent 
that they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above, could have an adverse impact on the Noteholders seeking repayment in 
the event that the Issuer is to be subject to French insolvency proceedings and the Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Credit Risk of the Issuer 
As contemplated in Condition 3 (Status) of the Conditions, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
and any interest payable under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Conditions) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. However, 
an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer 
deteriorates and notwithstanding Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Conditions, it may not be able to fulfil 
all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions contain provisions for resolutions of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally to be adopted either through a general meeting or by consent following a written resolution. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or were 
not represented and vote at the relevant meeting or did not consent to the written resolution and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Noteholders may through such resolutions deliberate on 
proposals relating to the modification of the Conditions subject to the limitation provided by applicable law and 
the Conditions. The modification of the Conditions adopted by a majority of Noteholders, may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Further it should be noted that, the Notes do not give the Noteholders the right to vote at meetings of the 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the early redemption of the Notes 
Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity by the Issuer 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer may and, in certain circumstances shall, redeem 
all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
In addition, the Issuer has the option, to redeem the Notes under (i) a call option as provided in Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(ii) a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), (iii) a 
residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer), (iv) 
a Squeeze Out Redemption Option as provided in Condition 6(e) (Squeeze Out Redemption Option), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or (v) a Loss of Concession Redemption Option as provided in 
Condition 6(k) (Loss of Concession Redemption Option). 
The Redemption at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
and Partial Redemption) and the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer) and are exercisable in whole or in part. Depending on the proportion of the 
principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced or the number of Notes redeemed, any trading market in respect 
of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, the 
consequence of such partial redemption may be materially adverse for the Noteholders that may lose part of 
their expected proceeds from the sale of such Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
A53510037                                                                                            26 
In addition, if (i) both the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Residual Maturity Call Option (as 
described in Condition 6(d)) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and (ii) the Issuer 
decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption before the Call Option Date pursuant to 
Condition 6(d), the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption will be calculated 
taking into account such Call Option Date and not the Maturity Date. As a result, the Noteholders will receive 
a lower redemption amount than they would otherwise normally receive. 
In addition, with respect to the Squeeze Out Redemption Option, there is no obligation under the Conditions 
for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 25 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate 
principal amount a particular Series of Notes remaining outstanding has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in 
respect of the exercise of the Squeeze Out Redemption Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes 
when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their maturity by the Noteholders following the occurrence of a Change 
of Control or Reduction in Controlling Shareholder 
In the event of a Put Change of Control Event (as more fully described in Condition 6(l) (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders following a Put Change of Control Event) and if such option is set applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), each Noteholder will have the right to request the Issuer to redeem or procure the 
purchase of all or part of its Notes at their principal amount together with any accrued interest. Investors shall 
be aware that the exercise of the put option is dependent on the credit rating assigned to the Issuer following 
the occurrence of a Change of Control and that even if a withdrawal, downgrade or reduction of such credit 
rating occurs in respect of such Change of Control, such put option could not be exercised if, within the Change 
of Control Period, the credit rating previously assigned to the Issuer is reinstated or upgraded. 
In addition, in the event of a Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event (as more fully described in 
Condition 6(m) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Reduction in Controlling Shareholder) 
and if such option is set applicable in the relevant Final Terms), each Noteholder will have the right to request 
the Issuer to redeem or procure the purchase of all or part of its Notes at their principal amount together with 
any accrued interest. 
In the event of such Put Change of Control Event or Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event, any 
trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such redemption right is not exercised may become 
illiquid. In addition, Noteholders having exercised their put option may not be able to reinvest the moneys they 
receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes, which may have a 
negative impact on the Noteholders and reduce the profits anticipated by the investors at the time of the issue. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
Exercise of a Put Option, as provided in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise 
of Noteholders’ Options) and the relevant Final Terms of a particular Series of Notes, in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised.

--- Page 27 ---
A53510037                                                                                            27 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option 
is not exercised may become illiquid. As a result, Noteholders holding remaining Notes for which such Put 
Option has not been exercised may not be able to sell such Notes on the market and lose part of their investments 
in such Notes. 
Risks relating to the interest payable on the Notes  
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Conditions, investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as 
the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the 
Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-
term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the 
interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate and Noteholders 
could lose part of their investment due to a lower or no return on such investment and therefore their interests 
may be negatively altered.  
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated as further described in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the 
Conditions. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate 
Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Conditions provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s 
ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the 
Floating Rate Notes, as applicable (and vice versa) and Noteholders could lose part of their investment due to 
a lower or the absence of return on such investment 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(f) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Conditions, the Issuer could issue 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes that initially bear interest at a rate that will convert automatically on the date set out 
in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of 
the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may 
lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed 
to floating rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If the rate is automatically converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating Rate 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Conditions, the Issuer may issue Fixed 
Rate Notes that will bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate

--- Page 28 ---
A53510037                                                                                            28 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value, 
the liquidity and the yield of the relevant Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes and Noteholders could lose part of their 
investments. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(g) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes which will not bear interest and no coupon will be payable prior to the 
Maturity Date. The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount 
from their principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation 
to general changes in interest rates than do the prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable 
maturities and Noteholders may, as a result, lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Dual Currency Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(h) (Dual Currency Notes) of the Conditions, the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate 
Notes and/or Floating Rate Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be 
different from the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments 
in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. The Issuer believes that Dual Currency Notes should only 
be purchased by investors who are, or who are purchasing under the guidance of, financial institutions or other 
professional investors that are in a position to understand the special risks that an investment in these 
instruments involves.  
These risks include, among other things, that: 
(i)
the market price of such Notes may be volatile as fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency 
may affect the value of such Notes;
(ii)
payment of principal or interest may occur in a different currency than expected as the Issuer may have 
the right under the relevant Notes to make payment in more than one currency; and
(iii)
the investors may be exposed to significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates and such fluctuations 
may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange 
rates may affect the actual yield to Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. Currency values related to exchange rates may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of currency/currencies, 
regardless of other market forces. 
As a result of the above-mentioned risks, the Noteholders could lose all or part of their investments and the 
Notes may become illiquid.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
“benchmark”.  
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the

--- Page 29 ---
A53510037                                                                                            29 
term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the 
Notes) based on the same benchmark. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any such Notes.  
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) apply to “contributors”, 
“administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively, and, among other things, (i) 
require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the 
administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU or non-UK-based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” of unauthorised administrators. The 
EU Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to EURIBOR, or another “benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
a “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation or the 
UK Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
In addition, any other international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to 
the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference 
rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of 
the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 30 ---
A53510037                                                                                            30 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and euro bonds respectively 
and their adoption as alternatives the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of 
the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free 
rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight 
rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index, on 3 August 2020, 
the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and on 15 
April 2021 the European Central Bank, as administrator of €STR, began publishing the €STR Compounded 
Index.  
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to change and development, in terms of 
the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-free rates and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing risk-free 
rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes 
linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, 
including the compounding formula in the Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In 
addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in 
respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR 
Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or €STR Compounded Index 
referenced Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. In addition, the 
manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.  
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR 
Compounded Index. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects

--- Page 31 ---
A53510037                                                                                            31 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that a risk-free rate is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas an 
interbank offered rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates and interbank offered rates may 
behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes and some investors may be unable 
or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes 
referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 9 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
Risks relating to the market generally 
No trading market or secondary market for the Notes 
Although applications may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of 
Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market nor a secondary market will develop. In addition, the 
ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements 
applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. If a 
Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more 
illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity 
of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of 
factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity 
and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the 
time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of 
the Notes selected on pricing of the Notes as specified in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of 
the Conditions, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and the level, direction and

--- Page 32 ---
A53510037                                                                                            32 
volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, 
certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more 
limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable investors to realise their anticipated 
yield. No investor should purchase Notes unless the investor understands and is able to bear the risk that certain 
Notes will not be readily sellable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that such fluctuations will 
be significant. 
These risk factors could materially and adversely affect the market value of the Notes and, as a consequence, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a “Specified Currency” as defined 
in Condition 5(a) (Definitions) of the Conditions). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, the Noteholders may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Market value of the Notes 
Application may be made to admit the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to trading on Euronext Dublin.  
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the Group 
and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates 
and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on 
which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may 
be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder 
and result in losing part of its investment in the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
A53510037                                                                                            33 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin shall constitute a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 34 ---
A53510037                                                                                            34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
(the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), which have been previously published and have been filed 
with the Central Bank of Ireland. Such sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a)
the English-language translation of the statutory auditors’ audit report including the Issuer’s audited 
consolidated financial statements, in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Issuer 2023 Financial Statements”), which are available 
for viewing at: 
https://abertis.com/media/web_abertis/RCC%20Anglais_%20HIT%2031%2012%202023%20signe%2
0PHM%20et%20KPMG_20240307163747.pdf  
(b)
the English-language translation of the statutory auditors’ audit report including the Issuer’s audited 
consolidated financial statements, in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “Issuer 2022 Financial Statements”), which are available 
for viewing at:  
https://abertis.com/media/web_abertis/Abertis%20consolidated%20annual%20accounts_20230328143
320.pdf
(c)
the terms and conditions of the notes appearing on pages 35 to 83 in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 16 March 2022 (the “2022 EMTN Conditions”), available for viewing at: 
https://www.groupe.sanef.com/sites/default/files/2022-
05/HIT%20EMTN%202022%20Update_Base%20Prospectus%20%28Final%20version%29.pdf  
(d)
the terms and conditions of the notes appearing on pages 35 to 72 in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 18 March 2021 (the “2021 EMTN Conditions”), available for viewing at: 
https://www.groupe.sanef.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/Prospectus-de-base-HIT-18.03.2021.pdf 
(e)
the terms and conditions of the notes appearing on pages 33 to 70 in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 16 July 2020 (the “2020 EMTN Conditions”), available for viewing at: 
https://www.groupe.sanef.com/sites/default/files/2020-08/HIT-2020_Base%20Prospectus-
%28final%29.pdf 
The 2020 EMTN Conditions, 2021 EMTN Conditions and 2022 EMTN Conditions are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) 
and form a single series with Notes already issued with the 2020 EMTN Conditions, 2021 EMTN Conditions 
or 2022 EMTN Conditions, respectively. 
Any statement contained in a Document Incorporated by Reference shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise); any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Documents Incorporated by Reference may be obtained, without charge on request, at the 
principal office of the Issuer or of the Fiscal Agent during normal business hours.  
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the

--- Page 35 ---
A53510037                                                                                            35 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document 
referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
A53510037                                                                                            36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in 
exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant Final Terms, shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such 
Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as 
the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport (the “Issuer” or “HIT”) pursuant to an amended 
and restated agency agreement dated 14 March 2024 agreed between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar and 
the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) and 
with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 14 March 2024 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying 
agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to 
below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons 
(the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means 
Notes which are identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1
Form, Denomination(s) and Title  
(a)
Form: The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) 
in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms.  
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
(b)
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Specified 
Denomination(s)”).  
(c)
Title: 
(i)
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons, shall pass by delivery. 
(ii)
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”).

--- Page 37 ---
A53510037                                                                                            37 
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv)
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is 
not applicable to the Notes. 
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a)
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only 
of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 6(f)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified

--- Page 38 ---
A53510037                                                                                            38 
in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk 
of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f)
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant 
to Conditions 6(b) and 6(c), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3
Status  
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
4
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement):  
(a)
the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary;
(b)
the Issuer shall procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of such Material 
Subsidiaries' present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary; and
(c)
neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall give any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness of 
any person (other than any Subsidiary of the Issuer),  
in each case, without at the same time or prior thereto, securing or guaranteeing the Notes and Coupons equally 
and rateably therewith or providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

--- Page 39 ---
A53510037                                                                                            39 
“Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness” means, in relation to any Relevant Indebtedness of any person, any 
obligation of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary to pay such Relevant Indebtedness including (without 
limitation) any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Relevant Indebtedness. 
“Limited-recourse Borrowings” means any indebtedness for borrowed money, whether or not in the form of, 
or represented by, bonds or notes (“Indebtedness”) incurred by any Material Subsidiary to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, development, operation and/or maintenance of an asset or project in respect of which 
the person (or persons) to whom any such Indebtedness is or may be owed by such Material Subsidiary has (or 
have) no recourse to such Material Subsidiary for the repayment thereof other than: 
(i)
recourse to such Material Subsidiary or the share capital of, or other equity contribution to, such Material 
Subsidiary for amounts not exceeding an amount equal to the cash flow from, or the value of, such asset 
or project (including by way of any credit support, completion guarantees or contingent equity 
obligations); and/or
(ii)
recourse to such Material Subsidiary for the purpose of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such Indebtedness in an enforcement of any security interest given by such Material Subsidiary over 
such asset or rights under, or in respect of, such project (or the income, cash flow or other proceeds 
deriving therefrom) to secure such Indebtedness; and/or
(iii)
recourse to such Material Subsidiary under any form of assurance, undertaking or support, which is 
limited to a claim for damages for breach of an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an 
indemnity in respect thereof, which, for the avoidance of doubt, would fall to be considered under sub-
paragraph (i) above,) by such Material Subsidiary.  
“Material Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer whose gross assets or gross 
revenues each exceed 20 per cent. of the Group’s gross assets or gross revenues (on a consolidated basis) 
respectively, as at the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group, where: 
(a)
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the gross assets owned or 
gross revenues generated by such Subsidiary (on a standalone basis without double counting) by the 
Issuer's, direct or indirect, ownership percentage of such company; and
(b)
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the gross assets or gross 
revenues of all members of the Group (in each case as determined by multiplying the gross assets owned 
or gross revenues generated by such member of the Group (on a standalone basis without double 
counting) by the Issuer's ownership percentage of such company), in each case as set forth in the most 
recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means (i) any Security Interest in existence as at the relevant Issue Date to the 
extent that it secures Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary outstanding on such date; 
(ii) any security interest upon the shares (or equity equivalent) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary holds in, 
or its rights under a loan made to, a Project Entity for the benefit of the holders of the Relevant Indebtedness of 
such Project Entity; (iii) in the case of any entity which becomes a Subsidiary (or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
which is deemed to become a Material Subsidiary) of any member of the Group after the Issue Date of the 
Notes, any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness existing over its assets at the time it becomes such 
a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary, as applicable, provided that the Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of or in connection with it becoming a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary, as applicable, and the 
amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of or in connection therewith; (iv) any Security 
Interest created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security Interest is created over the 
assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted and secures only the obligations of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, to effect the conversion of the bonds or notes into such assets;

--- Page 40 ---
A53510037                                                                                            40 
(v) any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness created in substitution of any Security Interest 
permitted under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above over the same or substituted assets provided that (1) the principal 
amount secured by the substitute security does not exceed the principal amount outstanding and secured by the 
previous Security Interest, (2) in the case of substituted assets, the market value of the substituted assets as at 
the time of substitution does not exceed the market value of the assets replaced (as determined by an 
independent adviser of international repute appointed by the Issuer) and (3) solely in respect of paragraph (iv) 
above, the relevant convertible bonds or notes have not been converted or redeemed prior to the date of 
substitution; and (vi) any Security Interest other than Security Interest permitted under paragraphs (i) to (v) 
above directly or indirectly securing Relevant Indebtedness, where the principal amount of such Relevant 
Indebtedness (taken on the date such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred) which is secured or is otherwise directly 
or indirectly preferred to other general unsecured financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, does not exceed in aggregate 10 per cent. of the total net shareholders' equity of 
the Group (as disclosed in the most recent annual audited or half-year unaudited consolidated balance sheet of 
the Group). 
“Project Entity” means a company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, undertaking association, 
organisation or trust whose principal business is constituted by the ownership, acquisition, development, 
operation or maintenance of an asset or a project.  
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money of any person which 
is in the form of, or represented by bonds or notes (obligations) which are for the time being, or are capable of 
being listed or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities market and which do 
not constitute Limited-recourse Borrowings. 
“Security Interest” means mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
“Subsidiary” means each subsidiary, as defined in Article L.233-1 of the French Code de commerce, of the 
Issuer or an entity controlled within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
5
Interest and other Calculations 
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended, 
supplemented or updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies of which may be obtained 
at www.isda.org).  
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (copies of which may be obtained at www.isda.org). 
“Business Day” means: 
(i)
in the case of euro, any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor thereto (“T2”) is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a 
“TARGET Business Day”);

--- Page 41 ---
A53510037                                                                                            41 
(ii)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s), a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centre(s). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i)
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. 
If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and 
whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days 
elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366;
(ii)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iv)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 42 ---
A53510037                                                                                            42 
(v)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;
(vi)
if “30/360” or “360/360” or “(Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
(vii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 43 ---
A53510037                                                                                            43 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published 
by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the “FBF Master 
Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and (ii) in respect of any other period, 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of five 
major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. EURIBOR, SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR or CMS), or any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate.

--- Page 44 ---
A53510037                                                                                            44 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Conditions 5(i) and 5(j). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Conditions 5(i) and 5(j). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or

--- Page 45 ---
A53510037                                                                                            45 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(A)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and 
under which: 
(I)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(II)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate” specifies that the rate 
is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate in accordance with the instructions of an Independent 
Adviser on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by such Independent Adviser. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” and 
“Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided 
that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters 
page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of 
any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which:

--- Page 46 ---
A53510037                                                                                            46 
(i)
If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(I)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;
(II)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(III)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions;
(IV)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
a)
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
b)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
c)
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(V)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
a)
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
b)
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in

--- Page 47 ---
A53510037                                                                                            47 
the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
c)
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
(VI)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
in connection with any Compounding Method, Averaging Method or Index Method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(a)
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;
(b)
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;
(c)
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and
(d)
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii)
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions, 
(a)
“Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and
(b)
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation

--- Page 48 ---
A53510037                                                                                            48 
Agent shall determine such rate in accordance with the instructions of an Independent 
Adviser on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by such Independent Adviser. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR 
(I)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
(II)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (C)(I)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-
paragraph (C)(I)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, or (ii) 
if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(III)
if paragraph (II) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a

--- Page 49 ---
A53510037                                                                                            49 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, 
if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market, or, if 
otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(IV)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on 
any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by an Independent Adviser 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by an Independent Adviser in 
its absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing standard market 
practice provided that, if the CMS Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding

--- Page 50 ---
A53510037                                                                                            50 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (IV): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars), the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer.  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen Page” shall 
have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Margin” has the meaning set out in Condition 5(j). 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i)
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in Euro) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in 
a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day 
count basis customary for floating rate payments in Euro), is equivalent to 
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions, as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the then prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA Definitions;
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in Sterling), of a fixed-for-floating

--- Page 51 ---
A53510037                                                                                            51 
Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case 
calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
Sterling), is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one 
year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one 
year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three 
months; 
(iii)
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in United States dollars), of a fixed-for-
floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in United States dollars, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv)
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Reference Rate” specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for the 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in accordance with the instructions of an Independent 
Adviser on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by such Independent 
Adviser. 
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(I)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, it is specified in the

--- Page 52 ---
A53510037                                                                                            52 
relevant Final Terms that the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR and Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable:  
1.
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) or Condition 5(e), as the case may be, and subject as 
provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards; and
2.
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) or Condition 5(e), as the case may be, and subject as 
provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(II)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
rate shall be: 
1.
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (y) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or
2.
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 5(d), in 
the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance 
to the extent practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase 
obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent in order to determine the SONIA

--- Page 53 ---
A53510037                                                                                            53 
rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(III)
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to Condition 5(e), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
(IV)
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to Condition 5(d), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
(V)
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, subject to Condition 5(d) or 5(e), as the case may be, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period), (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period) or (iii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
(VI)
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the 
last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(VII) For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
“Applicable Period” means,

--- Page 54 ---
A53510037                                                                                            54 
(i)
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Accrual Period; and
(ii)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Observation Period. 
“Business Day” or “BD”, means, (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where 
SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date 
on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate, a 
TARGET Settlement Day. 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) − 1 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
]  x 𝐷
𝑑
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period. 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period. 
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the website of the European Central Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB's Website”) in each case, on 
or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day. 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date.

--- Page 55 ---
A53510037                                                                                            55 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following Business Day. 
“New York Federal Reserve's Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York. 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(i)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days);
(ii)
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, zero; and
(iii)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five Business Days). 
“r” means: 
(i)
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business 
Day;
(ii)
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day;
(iii)
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day;
(iv)
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and

--- Page 56 ---
A53510037                                                                                            56 
(y) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date);
(v)
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day;
and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date);
(vi)
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date);
(vii)
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in 
respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate 
Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date;
(viii)
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect of 
each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and
(ix)
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect of

--- Page 57 ---
A53510037                                                                                            57 
each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date. 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period. 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “i”. 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 
p.m. (New York City Time) (the “SOFR Determination Time”) on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day. 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro. 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(i)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and

--- Page 58 ---
A53510037                                                                                            58 
(ii)
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in 
the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed 
to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(E)
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Compounded Index End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period). 
“Compounded Index Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined. 
“€STR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily €STR rate as 
published at 9:15 a.m. (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank 
(or a successor administrator of €STR) on the European Central Bank's Market

--- Page 59 ---
A53510037                                                                                            59 
Information Dissemination (MID) platform and Statistical Data Warehouse, or 
any successor source. 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days and in the case of the €STR Compounded Index, 
TARGET Settlement Days. 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London. 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
365 in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index and the €STR Compounded Index. 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index 
and €STR Compounded Index, and the seventh decimal place in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR 
Compounded Index, and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index.  
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as 
published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source. 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR or a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in 
respect of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be 
deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index, €STR in the case of €STR 
Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, (ii) the Calculation 
Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be 
deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be 
the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, 
the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR, the provisions of 
Condition 5(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) or if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of SOFR, the provision of Condition 5(e) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), as applicable.

--- Page 60 ---
A53510037                                                                                            60 
(d)
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined and where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is not SOFR (nor the 
then-current Benchmark which has replaced SOFR) and if the Issuer (to the extent practicable, in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the 
following provisions shall apply:  
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”) a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes;
(ii)
if (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period;
(iii)
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, 
any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(d)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not determine 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period 
(subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period) or, alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of 
interest shall be the Rate of Interest for the initial Interest Period; for the avoidance of doubt, the 
proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(d);
(iv)
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may 
also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining

--- Page 61 ---
A53510037                                                                                            61 
the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);
(v)
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(d) and the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines the specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread), then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), subject to any further operation and adjustment as 
provided in this Condition 5(d);
(vi)
for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 5(d) (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”). Consent of the holders of the relevant Notes shall not be required 
in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or 
Adjustment Spread or such other changes set out in this Condition 5(d), including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if required);
(vii)
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof to 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which shall specify the effective 
date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any 
consequential changes made to these Conditions;
(viii)
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each case, the 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(d); and 
(B)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread.  
(ix)
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and such 
Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)), and without prejudice to the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid, be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 62 ---
A53510037                                                                                            62 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or
(iii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future 
Date”), publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that 
such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; 
(v)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date (the “Specified Future Date”), no longer representative of an underlying market or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or
(vi)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable);
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement

--- Page 63 ---
A53510037                                                                                            63 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.  
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (B) any central 
bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (C) any other 
relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, (D) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other authorities, or (E) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
(e)
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event: Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is 
SOFR (or the then-current Benchmark which has replaced SOFR), in addition and notwithstanding the 
provisions above in Condition 5(d), as applicable, this Condition 5(e) shall apply.
(i)
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii)
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 5(e), including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. None of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents will have any liability for any 
determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark 
Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement.  
In no event shall the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents be responsible for 
determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making 
any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest

--- Page 64 ---
A53510037                                                                                            64 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor 
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and each Paying 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will 
have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as applicable, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period), 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
is the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and the relevant Interest Accrual Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the 
Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(e): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(i)
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (II) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;
(ii)
the sum of: (I) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (II) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(iii)
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (II) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(ii)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

--- Page 65 ---
A53510037                                                                                            65 
(iii)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later 
of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or
(ii)
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component);
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states 
that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 66 ---
A53510037                                                                                            66 
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
“designee” means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for the Notes 
in writing. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (I) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (II) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by 
the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(g)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(h)(i)). 
(h)
Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes with 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated. In such case, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in which 
interest is/are payable and the applicable Rate(s) of Exchange or a method of calculating Rate(s) of 
Exchange.  
(i)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(j)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:  
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y),

--- Page 67 ---
A53510037                                                                                            67 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(k)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(l)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the applicable rules of such 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue

--- Page 68 ---
A53510037                                                                                            68 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
So long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so 
require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount). 
(b)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than sixty (60) 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 6(h) below)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
(c)
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to

--- Page 69 ---
A53510037                                                                                            69 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date 
(the “Optional Redemption Date”) at their Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption 
Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer 
decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer before the Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(d), the Optional 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking 
into account the Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 6(d) and not to the Maturity Date.
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers, and 
obtained by the Issuer or an Independent Adviser, of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable 
under the circumstances at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the fourth (4th) business day in 
Paris preceding the Optional Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and notified in accordance with Condition 14. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to this Condition 6(c). 
The Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for the Issuer or the 
Noteholders. 
(d)
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer: If Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ irrevocable notice (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option 
Date (included and as specified in the Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than (i) three (3) months

--- Page 70 ---
A53510037                                                                                            70 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six (6) 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years; or in 
either case, such shorter time period as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years (or such shorter maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms) shall be determined 
as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
(e)
Squeeze Out Redemption Option: If Squeeze Out Redemption Option by the Issuer is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that 25 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including any further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 13) remains outstanding, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes in that Series at their Squeeze Out Redemption Amount (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(h) below)) together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption, provided that those Notes of such Series that are no longer outstanding have not 
been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer at the option of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition (b) or Condition 6(c), in each case, at an amount exceeding the Squeeze Out Redemption 
Amount. 
(f)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If the Put Option 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(h) below)) together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No 
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g)
Redemption of Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes with principal payable in one or more 
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. In such case, 
the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in which principal is payable and the 
applicable Rate(s) of Exchange. 
(h)
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), 
Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(i), Condition 6(j), Condition 6(k), Condition 
6(l) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.

--- Page 71 ---
A53510037                                                                                            71 
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), 
Condition 6(i), Condition 6(j), Condition 6(k), Condition 6(l) or Condition 6(m) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(g). Where such calculation is to 
be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c), Condition 
6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(i), Condition 6(j), Condition 6(k), Condition 
6(l) or Condition 6(m), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount. 
(i)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i)
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not 
be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) subject to having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
or, if applicable, to the holders of Coupons (the “Couponholders”) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii)
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice

--- Page 72 ---
A53510037                                                                                            72 
of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar 
days’ prior notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the 
latest practicable Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if 
applicable, Coupons, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date 
the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders, 
shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons and (ii) fourteen (14) 
calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(j)
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(k)
Loss of Concession Redemption Option 
In case of the occurrence of a Loss of Concession (as defined below), the Issuer may, after having given 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ irrevocable notice (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at par with any interest accrued to but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. 
“Sanef Concession Agreement” means the SANEF network concession agreement as amended and 
expiring in 2031 entered into between the French State and SANEF (the “Sanef Concession Holder”) 
in relation to the concession for the construction, maintenance and operation of certain motorways 
approved by a decree dated 29 October 1990. 
“SAPN Concession Agreement” means the SAPN network concession agreement as amended and 
expiring in 2033 entered into between the French State and SANEF (the “SAPN Concession Holder”) 
in relation to the concession for the construction, maintenance and operation of certain motorways 
approved by a decree dated 29 May 1995. 
“Loss of Concession” means (i) the Sanef Concession Agreement or (ii) the SAPN Concession 
Agreement being terminated, revoked, suspended, cancelled, amended by the French State or invalidated 
upon request of, or by, the French State, or the concession being bought back by the French State, where 
in each case the Sanef Concession Holder or the SAPN Concession Holder receives monetary 
compensation. 
(l)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Put Change of Control Event 
If a Put Change of Control Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at any time 
while any Note remains outstanding there occurs a Put Change of Control Event, each Noteholder will 
have the option (the “Put Change of Control Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Change

--- Page 73 ---
A53510037                                                                                            73 
of Control Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes 
under this Condition 6) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase 
of that Note on the date determined by the Issuer and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (the “Put Change of Control Settlement Date”, which date shall be within a period of 
not less than sixty (60) nor more than ninety (90) calendar days following the Put Change of Control 
Event Notice) at the principal amount of such Notes, together with (or, where purchased, together with 
an amount equal to) accrued interest to, but excluding, the Put Change of Control Settlement Date.  
A “Change of Control” in respect of the Issuer shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following 
the Issue Date (i) Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. holds directly or indirectly (A) less than forty (40) per 
cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of 
the Issuer carrying less than forty (40) per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general 
meeting of the Issuer; or (ii) if any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting 
on behalf of any such person(s) at any time directly or indirectly owns or acquires (A) a percentage of 
the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer 
carrying voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, in either case greater than 
the percentage or number (as the case may be) held by Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period beginning on the date (the “Relevant Announcement 
Date”) of the first public announcement by or on behalf the Issuer or any bidder or any designated 
advisor, of the relevant Change of Control, and ending ninety (90) days after the Relevant Announcement 
Date (such ninetieth (90th) day, the “Initial Longstop Date”); provided that, unless any other Rating 
Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating 
of the Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the 
date which is sixty (60) days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, 
that it has placed its rating of the Issuer under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially 
as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control, the Change of Control Period 
shall be extended to the date which falls sixty (60) days after the date of such public announcement by 
such Rating Agency.  
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating by Fitch or S&P of BBB- or better, or its equivalent by 
another Rating Agency at the relevant time. 
“Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Issuer does not on or before the 
ninetieth (90th) calendar day after the start of the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to be assigned a rating to the Issuer by a Rating Agency or (ii) if it does so seek 
and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result of the 
relevant Change of Control, obtained an Investment Grade Rating for the Issuer, provided that the Rating 
Agency publicly announces or confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in 
writing that its failure to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of the applicable Change of 
Control. 
“Put Change of Control Event” means either (i) in anticipation of a Change of Control or (ii) within 
the Change of Control Period, on or after the occurrence of a Change of Control (A) (if at the time that 
the Put Change of Control Event occurs the Issuer is rated) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Put 
Change of Control Event occurs or (B) (if at such time the Issuer is not rated) a Negative Rating Event 
in respect of that Change of Control occurs. 
“Rating Agency” means Fitch France SAS (“Fitch”) (or any successor rating agency thereto), S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) (or any successor rating agency thereto) or any other rating

--- Page 74 ---
A53510037                                                                                            74 
agency of equivalent international standing notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, in each case, solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Put Change of Control Event 
if (within the Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by the Requisite 
Number of Rating Agencies is (x) unilaterally withdrawn or (y) changed from an Investment Grade 
Rating to a non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ by Fitch or S&P, or their equivalents for the time being, 
or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by such Rating Agency was below an 
Investment Grade Rating) lowered at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB by Fitch 
or S&P or such similar lower or equivalent rating), and (B) such rating is not within the Change of 
Control Period subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a 
withdrawal) either to an Investment Grade Rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating 
or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating Agency, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising 
by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Put Change of Control Event if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this definition 
would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or confirm or, having been so requested by the Issuer, 
informs the Issuer in writing that such lowering or failure to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the 
result of the applicable Change of Control. If on the Relevant Announcement Date, the Issuer carries a 
credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then 
sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
“Requisite Number of Rating Agencies” means (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the 
rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the 
Issuer, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer 
than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Issuer. 
If a Put Change of Control Event has occurred, then promptly following the end of the Change of Control 
Period, the Issuer shall give notice (a “Put Change of Control Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put Change of Control Event and the 
procedure for exercising the Put Change of Control Option contained in this Condition 6(l). 
To exercise the Put Change of Control Option a Noteholder must transfer (or cause to be transferred) its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent (details of which are specified 
in the Put Change of Control Event Notice) for the account of the Issuer within the period of forty-five 
(45) calendar days after the Put Event Change of Control Notice is given (the “Put Change of Control 
Period”), together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Change of Control Option Notice”) 
and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 6(l). A Put Change of Control Option Notice once given will be irrevocable. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of which the Put 
Change of Control Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of 
such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above, on the 
Put Change of Control Settlement Date. Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made on 
the Put Change of Control Settlement Date to the bank account specified in the relevant Put Change of 
Control Option Notice. 
(m)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Reduction in Controlling Shareholder 
If a Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs a Put Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder Event, each Noteholder will have the option (the “Put Reduction in Controlling

--- Page 75 ---
A53510037                                                                                            75 
Shareholder Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under this 
Condition 6) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase 
of that Note on the date determined by the Issuer and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (the “Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Settlement Date”, which date shall be 
within a period of not less than sixty (60) nor more than ninety (90) calendar days following the Put 
Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event Notice) at the principal amount of such Notes, together with 
(or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to such Put Reduction in 
Controlling Shareholder Settlement Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall promptly give notice (a “Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event 
Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put Reduction 
in Controlling Shareholder Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the option contained in this Condition 6(m). 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 6(m), the Noteholder must, not less than thirty 
(30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days before the relevant Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder 
Settlement Date, transfer (or cause to be transferred) its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent (details of which are specified in the Put Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder Event Notice) for the account of the Issuer, together with a duly signed and completed notice 
of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put 
Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Notice”) and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(m). A Put Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder Notice once given will be irrevocable. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of which the option 
under this Condition 6(m) has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of 
such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above, on the 
Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Settlement Date. Payment in respect of any Note so transferred 
will be made in euro to the bank account specified in the relevant Put Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Put Reduction in 
Controlling Shareholder Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or 
otherwise). 
“Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event” means a reduction in the direct or indirect holding 
of the Issuer in the share capital of SANEF below fifty-one (51) per cent. of the issued ordinary share 
capital. For the avoidance of doubt, any merger (fusion) of the Issuer with SANEF shall not constitute a 
Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Event. 
(n)
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall have the right at 
all times to purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject 
to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly 
excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold for 
the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in accordance with applicable French laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 76 ---
A53510037                                                                                            76 
(o)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7
Payments and Talons 
(a)
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the 
case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to T2. 
(b)
Registered Notes: 
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law

--- Page 77 ---
A53510037                                                                                            77 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying 
Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by the applicable rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other than 
Dual Currency Notes), those Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 10). 
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, comprising a Floating Rate Note, Dual 
Currency Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of

--- Page 78 ---
A53510037                                                                                            78 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in 
the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET 
Business Day. 
8
Taxation 
(a)
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b)
Additional Amounts: If French laws or regulations should require that payments of principal, interest 
or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case 
may be: 
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: except to the extent 
that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) 
such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly

--- Page 79 ---
A53510037                                                                                            79 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.  
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant 
to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
(c)
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer 
on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the U.S. Code (or any law implementing such 
an intergovernmental agreement) (a “FATCA Withholding Tax”), and neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
9
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable, unless such event of default shall have been remedied prior to the 
receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes or fails to pay any 
amount of interest in respect of the Notes, in each case on the due date for payment thereof and such 
failure continues for fifteen (15) days; or 
(b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, if such default remains unremedied for 60 days after written 
notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c)
Cross default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i)
any Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowings) of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, unless 
the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in good faith and by appropriate 
proceedings before a competent court that such indebtedness was due and payable or unless such 
default under such indebtedness arises as a result of a Loss of Concession (as defined in Condition 
6(k));
(ii)
any other Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse Borrowings) of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any event of default 
(howsoever described), unless the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in good 
faith and by appropriate proceedings before a competent court that such indebtedness was due

--- Page 80 ---
A53510037                                                                                            80 
and payable or unless such default under such indebtedness arises as a result of a Loss of 
Concession (as defined in Condition 6(k)); or
(iii)
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness (other than Limited-recourse 
Borrowings), unless the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in good faith and 
by appropriate proceedings before a competent court that such Indebtedness was due and payable 
or unless such default under such indebtedness arises as a result of a Loss of Concession (as 
defined in Condition 6(k));
provided that the aggregate amount of the Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which 
one or more of the events mentioned above in this sub-paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds 
€100,000,000 in aggregate principal amount or its equivalent;
(d)
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than in respect of any 
Limited recourse Borrowings), securing an amount equal to or in excess of €100,000,000, created or 
assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); 
(e)
Insolvency, etc:
(i)
to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries becomes 
insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(ii)
to the extent permitted by applicable law, an administrator, receiver or liquidator of the Issuer or 
any of the Material Subsidiaries in respect of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries is appointed (or application 
for any such appointment is made);
(iii)
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of, directly or 
indirectly, the whole or a substantial part of its assets, or enters into, or commences any 
proceedings, all in furtherance of forced or voluntary liquidation or dissolution, except in the case 
of a disposal, dissolution, liquidation, merger (fusion) or other reorganisation in which all of or 
substantially all of the Issuer’s or any Material Subsidiary's assets, as the case may be, are 
transferred to a legal entity which simultaneously assumes all of the Issuer’s or any Material 
Subsidiary's debt, as the case may be, and liabilities including the Notes and whose main purpose 
is the continuation of, and which effectively continues, the Issuer’s or any Material Subsidiary's 
activities, as the case may be; or
(iv)
to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary makes any 
proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or a judgement is issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) of the Issuer or of any of its Material Subsidiaries or if the Issuer or if any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or makes any 
conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a 
composition with its creditors (other than a solvent liquidation or pursuant to a Permitted 
Reorganisation of such persons), 
provided that, in respect of (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such 
corporate action or proceedings which is not initiated, approved or consented to by the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary, is not discharged or stayed within 180 days;

--- Page 81 ---
A53510037                                                                                            81 
(f)
Winding up, etc: An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary or, in each case, any successor resulting 
from a Permitted Reorganisation, ceases or through a public and official communication of its board of 
directors, president (président) or partner(s) (associé(s)) threatens to cease to carry on, directly or 
indirectly, the whole or substantially the whole of the business of the Issuer or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary carried on directly (on a non-consolidated basis) at the relevant Issue Date (otherwise than 
(i) in the case of a Permitted Reorganisation or (ii) in the event of a Loss of Concession as defined in 
Condition 6(k)); or 
(g)
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of France or any other 
jurisdiction in which any Material Subsidiary is incorporated has an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in paragraph (e) above. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of transactions, by any of 
the Issuer and/or one or more Material Subsidiaries, by means of: 
(i)
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or de-merger (whether whole or partial); or
(ii)
any contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or any kind of disposal 
of, all or substantially all, of its assets or its going concern; or
(iii)
any purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or not effected through a 
capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a contribution in kind; or
(iv)
any lease of its assets or its going concern; or
(v)
any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or disposal of the whole (in the case of a Material Subsidiary) 
or a part (in the case of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary) of its business (whether in the form 
of property or assets, including any receivables, shares, interest or other equivalents or corporate 
stock held or otherwise owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable) at a value that is confirmed by way of a resolution of the board of directors, president 
(président) or partner(s) (associé(s)) of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
applicable, to be made (or have been made) on arm's length terms, provided that, in each case, 
following such sale, transfer lease, exchange or disposal, the Group shall carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole of the business of owning and operating infrastructure assets or businesses 
reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereto, 
provided, however, that (A) in any such reorganisation affecting the Issuer, (I) the Issuer shall maintain 
or any successor corporation or corporations shall assume (as the case may be) all the obligations under 
the relevant Notes, including the obligation to pay any additional amounts under Condition 8, and (II) 
no Event of Default shall have occurred or if an Event of Default shall have occurred it shall (if capable 
of remedy) have been cured and (B) in any such reorganisation affecting a Material Subsidiary, whereby 
the undertaking or assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in (I) the Issuer 
or another Material Subsidiary, (B) a Subsidiary where immediately upon such transfer or vesting 
becomes a Material Subsidiary, or (C) any other person provided, in this case, that the undertaking or 
assets are transferred to that person for full consideration on an arm’s length basis and the proceeds of 
the consideration are applied as soon as practicable by the Material Subsidiary in its business or 
operations or the business or operations of the Issuer or another Material Subsidiary.

--- Page 82 ---
A53510037                                                                                            82 
10
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11
Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications and Substitution 
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Nominal Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes, (vii) amending the provisions of a deed poll entered into pursuant to Condition 11(c) or (viii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which 
such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency 
Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(c)
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons, any Subsidiary of Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport (the “Substitute”),

--- Page 83 ---
A53510037                                                                                            83 
provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The 
substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of 
the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect 
to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by 
means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, 
Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute, and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in 
full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, (v) an opinion of 
independent legal advisors of recognised standing has been addressed to the Issuer and delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the effect that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of 
Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute, (vi) any rating 
agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Notes shall have confirmed that following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the credit rating of the Notes will remain the same or be improved 
and (viii) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution 
that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, 
shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in 
Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, 
and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 shall be deemed to include 
that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. After a 
substitution pursuant to this Condition 11(c), any Substitute may, without the consent of any Noteholder, 
reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
12
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.

--- Page 84 ---
A53510037                                                                                            84 
13
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
14
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be 
published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice required to be given pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law (in each case, the choice of English law to be given effect to the fullest extent permissible under 
applicable conflict of law rules) save that the provisions of Condition 3 are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and 
waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of 
each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or 
not).

--- Page 85 ---
A53510037                                                                                            85 
(c)
Service of Process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints TMF Global Services (UK) Limited, c/o 20 
Farringdon Street, 8th Floor, London EC4A 4AB as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its 
behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on 
delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any 
reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the 
Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders 
of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 86 ---
A53510037                                                                                            86 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or 
the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the 
Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, 
the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of 
the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note 
or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3
Exchange 
3.1
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:

--- Page 87 ---
A53510037                                                                                            87 
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only.  
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part: 
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or
(iii)
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 88 ---
A53510037                                                                                            88 
3.5
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest). Definitive Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set 
out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with 
the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
4
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement 
will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global 
Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the 
case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s

--- Page 89 ---
A53510037                                                                                            89 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out 
in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and the Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer has undertaken, inter alia, to pay 
interest in respect of such Notes from the Interest Commencement Date in arrear at the rates, on the dates 
for payment, and in accordance with the method of calculation provided for in the Conditions, save that 
the calculation is made in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note or Global Certificate. 
4.2
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)). 
4.3
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
4.4
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be affected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest. 
4.6
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as

--- Page 90 ---
A53510037                                                                                            90 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) by stating in the 
notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer and the 
Guarantor under the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer and the Guarantor on 
14 March 2024 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more 
Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered 
Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of 
direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry 
in the register kept by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as 
the case may be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global 
Certificate unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global 
Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused. 
4.10
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and the rules of 
that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) or in a leading daily English language newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times).

--- Page 91 ---
A53510037                                                                                            91 
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then:  
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the 
purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 92 ---
A53510037                                                                                            92 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes. If in respect 
of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
A53510037                                                                                            93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE BUSINESS 
General information related to HIT 
HIT’s legal name is Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport
HIT is incorporated as a société par actions simplifiée à associé unique (a form of limited liability company) 
organised and existing under the laws of France.
HIT’s registered office is 30, Boulevard Gallieni, 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux, France (telephone + 33 1 41 90 
59 00).
HIT is registered at the Registre du commerce et des sociétés (trade and companies registry) of Nanterre under 
the reference number 484 918 123.
HIT was incorporated on 14 November 2005 for a term of 99 years, scheduled to expire on 13 November 2104 
unless it is previously dissolved or its term is extended by law or pursuant to its statuts (Articles of Association). 
HIT’s financial year runs from 1 January to 31 December. 
Business activities of HIT 
Pursuant to its corporate by-laws HIT’s principal corporate purpose is: 
(a)
to acquire, subscribe to, hold, manage, administer, and dispose of financial stakes in SANEF; and
(b)
more generally, to participate in all industrial, commercial, financial, civil and property or real estate 
transactions, as well as to exercise all rights directly or indirectly pertaining to the corporate purpose 
indicated above or all similar purposes and their ancillary functions.
HIT has not engaged in any activity since its incorporation, other than the acquisition of a controlling 
block stake in SANEF from the French State and Autoroutes de France, and the subsequent purchase of 
all remaining shares by way of a public tender offer at a guaranteed price and an obligatory repurchase 
offer (delisting tender offer). 
Organisational Structure 
Set out below is the capital structure of the Group.

--- Page 94 ---
A53510037                                                                                            94 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is a holding company of the Group with no business operations other than the holding of the stakes 
in the Sanef Group and certain other activities ancillary to its incorporation. For 56 years, SANEF has been 
carrying out economically viable major transport infrastructure projects that minimize land use and are aligned 
with sustainable mobility requirements.  
The Group has been granted two concessions by the French State, covering several motorways, engineering 
structures and related installations, from which it generates its toll revenues. In this context, it has developed 
an expertise in the structuring and management of large motorway construction projects, notably in terms of 
financing, planning and construction. 
The Sanef Group has the concession of 1,785 km of toll roads. Investee (non-controlled) companies manage 10 
km. As at 31 December 2023, the Sanef Group’s turnover amounted to €2.0 billion (excluding revenues from 
construction works) and employed 2,269 people. Its major subsidiaries are SAPN and Bip & Go.  
The Sanef Group’s activities are described as follows:  
(a)
Motorways activity as concessionaire and operator of transportation infrastructures; and
(b)
Electronic tag issuer for light vehicles. 
Motorways activities and electronic tag issuer represent respectively 98.4% and 1.6% of the Sanef Group’s 
2023 revenues (excluding revenues from construction works). 
Motorways activity 
Concession contracts  
The Sanef Group is the holder of two separate concessions, one relating to motorways located in the North and 
East of France (SANEF), the other relating to motorways located in the Northwest of France (SAPN). 
SANEF and SAPN are private operators of motorway concessions granted by the French State. 
The main sections of the Sanef Group’s motorway network in service as at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
described below. 
The Sanef Group’s Network 
Motorway 
Section 
Length in 
the 
Concession
Agreement 
(in kms) 
A1 
 
Roissy en France – Dourges .................................................... 
168 
A2 
 
Combles – Hordain ................................................................. 
42 
A4 
Noisy le Grand – Reichstett .................................................... 
487 
A16 
 
La Francilienne – L'Isle Adam – Boulogne sur Mer ............... 
228 
A26 
 
Calais – Reims/Châlons – Troyes ........................................... 
339 
A29 
 
Amiens – St. Quentin/Amiens – Neufchâtel en Bray .............. 
142 
Total length SANEF .............................................................. 
1,406

--- Page 95 ---
A53510037                                                                                            95 
The Sanef Group’s Network 
Motorway 
Section 
Length in 
the 
Concession
Agreement 
(in kms) 
A13 
 
Orgeval – Caen ....................................................................... 
200 
A14 
 
Orgeval – Nanterre .................................................................. 
16 
A29 
 
A13 – RN1029/Route industrielle – A28 ................................ 
100 
Other 
 
Links with A13 and A29 motorways ....................................... 
63 
 
Total length SAPN .................................................................. 
379 
Total length the Sanef Group ............................................... 
1,785 
(Source: Sanef) 
The Sanef Group builds, maintains and operates its motorway network under two motorway concession 
agreements (with attached specifications) that it has concluded with the French State in relation to the SANEF 
network and the SAPN network. The Sanef Concession Agreement and the SAPN Concession Agreement, as 
modified by successive amendments, were approved by decrees issued after prior review by the French Conseil 
d'Etat on 29 October 1990 and 3 May 1995, respectively. 
The Sanef Concession Agreement and its specifications were amended fourteen times. The second amendment 
to the Sanef Concession Agreement, approved by decree on 18 September 1992, modified the scope of the 
concession by adding 13 kilometres to motorway A1 (Fresnes-les-Montauban – Dourges section). The third 
amendment, approved by decree on 26 October 1995, modified the specifications relating to toll rates and 
sanctions in case of violation of the clauses relating to toll rates. The fifth amendment, approved by decree on 
30 December 2000, further modified the specifications relating to toll rates. 
The SAPN Concession Agreement and its specifications were amended thirteen times. In particular, the first 
amendment approved by decree on 26 October 1995, modified the specifications relating to toll rates and 
sanctions in case of violation of the clauses relating to toll rates. The fourth amendment approved by decree on 
29 November 2001, removed the A28 motorway from the scope of the SAPN Concession Agreement. 
Amendment number seven in relation to the Sanef Concession Agreement and amendment number six to the 
SAPN Concession Agreement, both approved by decree of the Conseil d'Etat on 5 November 2004, modified 
substantially the specifications relating to the concession agreements of SANEF and SAPN, and notably 
removed the La Courneuve – La Francilienne section of the A16 motorway from the scope of the SANEF 
concession. Similar changes were previously implemented in respect of other motorway companies.  
In July 2005 the French State decided to privatise the main motorway operators in France, which included 
SANEF and SAPN. Since the completion of the privatization in 2006, certain additional major amendments to 
the concession agreements of SANEF and SAPN have been made.  
The ninth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the eighth amendment to the SAPN Concession 
Agreement, both approved by decree on 22 March 2010, extended SANEF’s and SAPN’s concession to 31 
December 2029 in compensation of additional investments made within the Green Plan (Engagements Verts). 
The tenth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the ninth amendment to the SAPN Concession 
Agreement, both approved by decree on 28 January 2011, modified the specifications relating to toll rates in

--- Page 96 ---
A53510037                                                                                            96 
order to compensate the increase of the Regional Development Tax (taxe d'aménagement du territoire). The 
amendments determined the amount of the toll rates increase for SANEF and SAPN, which were respectively 
0.32% and 0.36% on 1 February 2011, and 0.16% and 0.18% on 1 February 2012.  
The eleventh amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement approved by decree on 17 September 2012 
resulted in an additional programme of works for the improvement of the traffic flow for trucks at toll plazas, 
and protecting the environment through investments on the Services Areas; and the implementation of 
performance indicators. 
The twelfth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the tenth amendment to the SAPN Concession 
Agreement, both approved by decree on 21 August 2015, extended SANEF's and SAPN’s concession to 31 
December 2031 and 31 August 2033, respectively, in compensation of the €590 million of new investments 
made within the French Recovery Plan (Plan de Relance Autoroutier) for the period 2015-2020.  
The thirteenth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the eleventh amendment to the SAPN 
Concession Agreement, both approved by decree on 28 August 2018, provided additional toll rates increases 
for SANEF and SAPN in compensation of the €122 million of new investments made within the Plan 
d’Investissement Autoroutier for the period 2018-2022. 
The twelfth amendment to the SAPN Concession Agreement, approved by decree on 21 December 2021, 
integrated into the SAPN Concession Agreement the ability to transform the tolling system of the A13 and A14 
motorways into a free-flow tolling system. The €122 million investment associated with this project will be 
compensated by an additional tariff increase of 0.22% between 2022 and 2024, the cancellation of several 
contractual obligations and a terminal value in 2033. 
The fourteenth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the thirteenth amendment to the SAPN 
Concession Agreement, both approved by decree on 31 January 2023, provided additional toll rates increases 
for SANEF and SAPN and the cancellation of several contractual obligations in compensation of €143 million 
of new investments for SANEF and €38 million new investments for SAPN. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with French laws and regulations and the concessions 
contracts. Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined in the 
concession agreements by reference to factors including inflation, with a minimum annual increase of 70 per 
cent of the inflation rate. The contractual tariffs rates increases are the following: 
1 February 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
From 2028 to 
the end of the 
concession
SANEF .................................. 
70% x CPI + 
0.11% 
 
70% x CPI + 
0.11% + 
0.077% 
70% x CPI + 
0.077% 
70% x CPI + 
0.077% 
70% x CPI + 
0.077% 
70% x CPI 
 70% x CPI
SAPN ..................................... 
70% x CPI + 
0.10% + 
0,22% 
 
70% x CPI + 
0.10% + 0,22% 
+ 0.053% 
70% x CPI + 
0,22% + 
0.153% 
70% x CPI + 
0.373% 
70% x CPI + 
0.373% 
70% x CPI + 
0.373% 
70% x CPI 
The additional rate increases above the minimum increase of 70 per cent., until 2023, include the compensation 
for the non–application of the contractual toll rates raise on 1 February 2015.  
The twelfth amendment to the SAPN Concession Agreement provided for an additional increase in tariffs of 
0.22% per year between 2022 and 2024 for SAPN in order to partially compensate for the implementation of 
the free-flow tolling system.

--- Page 97 ---
A53510037                                                                                            97 
The fourteenth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the thirteenth amendment to the SAPN 
Concession Agreement, both approved by decree on 31 January 2023 provided additional toll rates increases 
of: 

0.077% between 2023 and 2026 for SANEF; and

0.053% in 2023, 0.153% in 2024 and 0.373% between 2025 and 2027 for SAPN.  
Besides, SANEF and SAPN’s investments to be realized are subject to the restitution to the French State of the 
resulting financial advantage. In the event that, the investments are realized after the contractual schedule 
(articles 7.6, 7.7, 7.8 and 7.9), SANEF and SAPN shall realize additional investments for an amount equal to 
the net present value of the financial advantage arising from such delay in the realization of the investments. 
The concession agreements, as amended, are described below. 
Scope of the concessions 
Under the terms of the concession agreements as amended, the concessions cover the various motorways or 
motorway sections described in “The Sanef Group’s network” above, as well as all land, engineering structures 
and installations necessary for the construction, maintenance and operation of each motorway or motorway 
section and ancillary installations, including links with existing motorways and related buildings and 
installations necessary to supply user services and to improve operations such as parking lots, gasoline stations, 
electric vehicles charging points, restaurants, hotels and motels. 
Throughout the duration of the concession agreements, each concessionaire has the exclusive right to operate 
the motorway or sections of motorway under concession and to collect tolls in relation to such motorway or 
section in accordance with the terms of the specifications and subject to the payment of the publicly owned land 
charge (redevance domaniale). The French State retains the right to build and improve any road infrastructure 
not included in the scope of the concessions. 
Under the terms of the concession agreements, the real property and movable property under concession 
(whether granted by the French State or made by the concessionaire) is divided into three categories: 
(i)
compulsory reversion assets (including land, buildings, engineering structures, installations and movable 
property), defined as the property necessary to operate the concession, which automatically reverts to 
the French State at the end of the concession without compensation;
(ii)
optional reversion assets, defined as property other than compulsory reversion assets, which may be 
recovered by the French State at the end of the concession pursuant to the terms of the specifications, if 
the French State believes such property would be useful for the continued operation of the concession 
and if it decides to exercise its right of recovery, but which otherwise remains the property of SANEF 
or SAPN, as concessionaire; and
(iii)
owned property, defined as property owned by SANEF or SAPN, which remains the property of the 
concessionaire at the end of the concession. 
Duration of the concessions and reversion to the French State at the end of the concession 
The concessions granted under the SANEF and SAPN concession agreements will expire on 31 December 2031 
and 31 August 2033, respectively. Upon expiration of the concessions, all of the rights of SANEF and SAPN 
related to the compulsory reversion assets will revert to the French State without compensation. Pursuant to the 
concession agreements, the compulsory reversion assets must be in good state of repair upon reversion to the 
French State.

--- Page 98 ---
A53510037                                                                                            98 
Seven years prior to the expiration of each concession agreement, the French State, in consultation with each 
of SANEF and SAPN, assisted by independent experts if necessary, will establish a maintenance and renovation 
program for the last five years of the concession. 
On the concession expiry date, the French State may decide to buy back optional reversion assets, including 
inventory and supplies, for a price equal to net book value plus, if applicable, a premium determined by an 
independent expert.  
According to article 36.2 of the concession agreements of SANEF and SAPN, if the cumulated revenues at date 
since 2006 exceed a determined threshold, the concession will end prematurely without compensation but not 
before 31 December 2029. 
Call option 
Since 1 January 2013, the French State may, for reasons of public interest, exercise a call option to purchase 
the motorway concessions granted to SANEF and SAPN. The option is only exercisable on January 1 of each 
year, subject to one year's prior notice being given to the concessionaire and a governmental decree jointly 
taken by the Minister in charge of roadways, the Minister of the Economy and the Minister of the Budget.  
If the call option is exercised in respect of a concession, the concessionaire will be entitled to compensation 
corresponding to the loss suffered by it as a result of the termination, the amount of which, net of taxes due on 
its receipts and after taking into account all deductible costs, will be equal to the fair value of the concession 
being bought back, estimated in accordance with the method for calculating the present value of available after-
tax cash-flows. 
On the buyback date, the French State will assume all the concessionaire’s commitments entered into the normal 
course of business for the construction and operation of the concession assets except for those commitments 
arising from loan agreements. 
Construction of motorway sections under concession 
Each concession agreement defines the main features of the structures to be built, including the site plan, 
alignment, interchanges, toll plazas, ancillary areas, maintenance centres and other specifications. 
When the French State declares the construction of a motorway or a motorway section to be in the public 
interest, the concessionaire benefits from the same rights and privileges as the French State in connection with 
any acquisition of land and any construction work. The concessionaire is also subject to the same obligations 
as the French State in these roles. SANEF and SAPN are also required to comply with any and all commitments 
and obligations made by them and imposed on them in the declaration of public utility (déclaration d'utilité 
publique). 
SANEF’s and SAPN’s contracts which are entered into to satisfy the needs of the concession (whether works, 
service or procurement contracts) and that exceed certain amount thresholds are awarded under a competitive 
bidding process. 
Under the concession agreements, all costs and expenses incurred for the construction, maintenance and 
operation of the motorways, and any compensation payable to third parties, are payable by each concessionaire, 
with certain exceptions (in particular, any modification of the plans for any structure or additional structures 
imposed by the French State following its entry into service, in which case, compensation will be agreed by the 
French State and the concessionaire). Each concessionaire is also responsible for all costs related to the 
acquisition of land for the motorways. Costs payable by a concessionaire to connect a motorway to other 
networks are normally equally allocated to each concessionaire.

--- Page 99 ---
A53510037                                                                                            99 
In addition, pursuant to some specifications of the concession agreements of SANEF and SAPN, the French 
State may require the concessionaire to widen certain motorways without any additional compensation. 
Motorway operations 
SANEF and SAPN are required to take all steps required to maintain continuity of service at a satisfactory level 
of safety and convenience at all times subject to penalties and, potentially, disqualification of their concession 
in the case of non-compliance. In all cases, force majeure may partially or totally exonerate the concessionaire 
from its responsibility to the French State as well as motorway users. The concessionaires must meet specific 
operational standards defined in writing in conjunction with the French State and inform the public in real time 
of any traffic restrictions or interruptions. The motorway engineering and other structures built under the 
concession agreements must be kept in a good state of repair and operated at the expense of the concessionaire 
or at the expense of the operators of commercial facilities (such as gas and service stations, restaurants, or other 
retail businesses) on the network so as to meet the purpose for which they were built. 
SANEF and SAPN (as well as the users of their respective networks) are required to comply with any police 
regulations imposed by local or national authorities. Each concessionaire must obtain prior approval from the 
Minister in charge of roadways of its operating rules and emergency response and safety plans. In addition, the 
concessionaire must comply, without additional compensation, with any measures imposed by the traffic police 
in the interests of motorway users. In accordance with rules applicable to public services, the concessionaire is 
required to comply with minimum levels of service to be provided in the event of a strike by its employees, 
established by the Minister in charge of roadways, so as to ensure that traffic flow is maintained. 
In the event that traffic flow is interrupted or restricted on a motorway section, SANEF or SAPN, as the case 
may be, is required to inform the public in advance of any significant traffic restrictions or interruptions of 
which they are aware, and to notify the appropriate public authorities immediately of any traffic interruption 
due to force majeure. 
Toll rates 
Under the SANEF and SAPN concession agreements, the toll rates are revised on February 1 of each year. By 
law (Decree n° 95-81), the minimum annual rate increase for motorway operators amounts to 70% of the 
inflation index (French inflation index excluding tobacco). Upon the signing of a Programme Plan between the 
French State and the concessionaire, the toll rates increases are defined for the duration of the Plan.  
The concession agreements of SANEF and SAPN specify that the annual increase in toll rates applicable to 
class 1 vehicles (light vehicle), when a Programme Plan exists, may not be less than 80% for SANEF and 85% 
for SAPN of the inflation index, with some exceptions. The toll rates for other classes are determined through 
coefficients applied to the toll rates of class 1 vehicles (see chart below). 
Class Coefficient  
Class 2
Class 3
Class 4
Class 5
SANEF ...............................  
1.50 
2.23
3.01 
0.60
SAPN ..................................  
1.511 
2.08
3.0614 
0.594
(Source: SANEF) 
The publication of the fourteenth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement provides for an increase in 
the inter-class coefficient for class 3 and 4 vehicles: 

The coefficient for class 3 is equal to 2.2337 since 1 February 2024, and to 2.2374 on 1 February 2025.

--- Page 100 ---
A53510037                                                                                            100 

The coefficient for class 4 is equal to 3.015 since 1 February 2024, and to 3.020 on 1 February 2025. 
The publication of the thirteenth amendment to the SAPN Concession Agreement provides for an increase in 
the inter-class coefficient for class 3 and 4 vehicles: 

The coefficient for class 3 is equal to 2.0852 since 1 February 2024, to 2.0904 on 1 February 2025, and to 
2.0956 on February 1st, 2026. 

The coefficient for class 4 is equal to 3.0691 on 1 February 2024, to 3.0767 on 1 February 2025, and to 
3.0844 on 1 February 2026. 
The concession duration extension obtained in 2015 as part of the French Recovery Plan should strictly 
compensate the investments required by the twelfth amendment to the Sanef Concession Agreement and the 
tenth amendment to the SAPN Concession Agreement. In order to prevent any overcompensation resulting from 
the concession duration extension, a profit-sharing clause has been introduced which modulates toll rates from 
2031 depending on the financial performance of the concession. 
Penalties and sanctions 
If the concessionaire fails to remedy a breach of its obligations under the concession agreement within the 
period specified in the formal notice to remedy sent by the French State and after it has presented its 
observations, the French State may levy a penalty. 
The amount of the penalty is calculated on the basis of the delay between period specified in the formal notice 
and the actual fulfilment of the related obligations. The daily and maximum penalties may vary according to 
when the formal notice is sent to the concessionaire and depends on the nature of the breach and the 
circumstances. Except in the cases described below, the amount of the daily penalty may not exceed €10,000 
(to which a discount ratio is applied) and the maximum amount of the penalty may not exceed €10 million per 
year for SANEF and SAPN each. These base amounts are indexed to certain national public works indices and 
may also vary depending on when the formal notice is sent to the concessionaire. 
The concession agreements of SANEF and SAPN also provide specific penalties in case of traffic interruptions, 
non-reporting to authorities, non-compliance with performance indicators and for exceeding agreed period in 
the realization of works. 
Disqualification 
Under the concession agreements, each of SANEF and SAPN may be disqualified by the French State, pursuant 
to a decree from the French Conseil d’Etat, from operating the concessions if: 
(i)
except in a case of force majeure: (a) motorway operations are interrupted repeatedly or for an extended 
period of time, without authorization or in breach of its obligations concerning operations, police 
measures and traffic management; or (b) the concessionaire is in serious or repeated breach of any 
contractual obligation;
(ii)
the concessionaire transfers the concession without the prior written authorization of the French State in 
violation of the specifications to the concession agreement;
(iii)
the concessionaire does not have, or foreseeably will not have in a timely manner, financing for 
designing, building, operating and maintaining a motorway; or
(iv)
in the case of SANEF only, a judgment in bankruptcy is rendered against it. 
Each of SANEF and SAPN may also be disqualified if, without the prior approval of the French State, it is or 
it becomes involved, for any reasons whatsoever, in any restructuring process (such as merger, contribution,

--- Page 101 ---
A53510037                                                                                            101 
spin-off or dissolution) that may alter its economic and financial standing or its technical and/or professional 
ability to perform the obligations stated in the concession agreement.
In the event of termination for default, the concession agreement will be granted to a new concessionaire, in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, through a competitive bidding process. In this case, the bid 
price may possibly be paid by the new concessionaire to the disqualified company immediately following 
publication of the Conseil d’Etat decree approving the new concession agreement and related specifications.
Performance indicators
In order to maintain and improve the level of quality of service provided to the user, SANEF and SAPN have 
specific objectives of quality of service which are monitored through a system of indicators. SANEF and SAPN 
are subject to eleven performance indicators which relate to the state of the infrastructure (four indicators on 
the state of pavement and structure) and the quality of SANEF and SAPN’s network operation (seven 
indicators).
These indicators can lead to annual penalties capped at €560,000 for SANEF and at €180,000 for SAPN. 
Taxation
The concessionaire is liable for all current and future taxes and duties levied by virtue of the concession 
agreements, including property taxes levied on the concession buildings and undeveloped land. However, under 
the terms of the concession agreements, in the event of (i) changes in tax or levy rules or (ii) the introduction 
of new taxes or levies or (iii) the repeal of taxes or levies (provided that in each case taxes or levies are specific 
to motorway concessionaires) during the life of the agreement, the French State and the concessionaire will 
mutually agree, at the request of one or the other, to examine if this change, introduction or suppression is likely 
to downgrade or improve the economic and financial balance of the concession, as existing before the 
introduction, the change or the suppression of the aforementioned tax or levy. If so, the parties will adopt, as 
soon as possible, the measures of compensation, in particular in relation to tariffs, to ensure, in the respect of 
the public service, that economic and financial conditions are not being damaged nor improved.
Traffic Data
Traffic evolution – The Sanef Group (Source: SANEF) 
Kilometres travelled in 2022* – Main French motorway operators (Source: ASFA)
* ASFA (Association des Sociétés Françaises d’Autoroutes) data for 2023 was not yet released as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 102 ---
A53510037                                                                                            102 
Kilometres travelled in 2022 (in million) 
Total traffic 
(LV+HV)
Light
Vehicles
Heavy 
Vehicles
%heavy/Tot
al Vehicles
%/total
of all
operators
SANEF .................................. 
12,735 
10,321
2 414 
19,0 
12,9
SAPN ..................................... 
3,643 
3,183
460 
12,6 
3,7
APRR .................................... 
19,310 
15,843
3 467 
18,0 
19,6
AREA .................................... 
5,747 
5,230
517 
9,0 
5,8
ASF ....................................... 
33,520 
28,477
5 043 
15,0 
34,1
ESCOTA ............................... 
7,488 
6,772
716 
9,6 
7,6
COFIROUTE......................... 
11,911 
10,157
1 754 
14,7 
12,1
7 main operators  ................... 
94,354 
79,983
14 371 
15,2 
95,9
9 other operators .................... 
4,078 
3,301
777 
19,1 
4,1
Total ...................................... 
98,432 
83,284
15,148 
17,7%
100.0%
The French motorways under concession

--- Page 103 ---
A53510037                                                                                            103 
Operator 
This area of expertise consists of the operation of the conceded motorway infrastructure at maximum efficiency 
levels and in the optimal conditions of safety, comfort and traffic flow. In this regard, the Group carries out the 
following activities: 
(a)
Toll collection 
Toll collection consists of: 
(i)
supervising the proper functioning of toll collection equipment (whether in the manual collection, 
automatic payment, electronic toll collection lanes or in free-flow tolling);
(ii)
providing client services in the toll plazas and client assistance in toll collection lanes, as needed;
(iii)
in some cases, collecting tolls in manual collection lanes, including in cash, by check or by debit 
or credit card, and making the associated bank deposits; and
(iv)
maintaining the toll collection equipment. 
Furthermore, through its efforts in implementing electronic toll collection on its network, the Sanef 
Group has developed an expertise in this domain, which it continues to develop and which it considers 
to be the principal component of its expertise in telematics services. 
(b)
Traffic management 
Traffic management consists of assuring continuous circulation of traffic, in good conditions of traffic 
flow, safety and comfort, regardless of circumstances, notably weather. This activity requires the 
continuous operation of systems for the collection, analysis and broadcasting of traffic, incident, 
accident, and weather information using traffic sensors, surveillance equipment and weather stations 
installed along the length of the network, which transmit information to five central operations centres. 
In addition, SANEF has implemented: 
(i)
operational decision-making structures, which are supported by central operations centres, and 
responsible for rapid response to all incidents occurring along the motorway network;
(ii)
rapid response teams in 27 maintenance and support centres, who have at their disposal 
equipment to handle recurring situations, such as vehicle breakdowns, accidents and inclement 
weather conditions, and who assure good condition of the network in winter weather conditions; 
(iii)
specialised equipment, such as automatic salting stations in areas particularly susceptible to 
winter weather conditions (of which SANEF has five, all located on the A4 motorway) and 
security signs around construction and incident sites. 
Additional information is collected by traffic safety personnel who continuously patrol the network. The 
Sanef Group also has tailored operations software at its disposal, and delivers road information to 
motorists through dedicated radio station (SANEF 107.7), electronic variable message panels and 
Internet sites (real-time traffic information and, for the SAPN network, traffic forecasts and travel time 
estimates). 
(c)
Maintenance and safety 
The Sanef Group has implemented necessary measures to maintain its infrastructure and equipment 
(roads, engineering structures, hydraulic structures, buildings, toll plazas, enclosures and road signs) in

--- Page 104 ---
A53510037                                                                                            104 
good operating condition for its clients and employees, to compensate for ordinary wear of the 
motorways, ageing, natural phenomena and to adapt its infrastructure and equipment to changes in traffic 
volumes and regulations. 
More than 800 employees and 270 gears are dedicated every year on the SANEF and SAPN network to 
the winter service. The Sanef Group set-up dynamic speed regulation on heavy traffic areas such as A13 
between Porcheville and Poissy, the A4 between Schwindratzheim and Reichstett. 
(d)
R&D 
The Sanef Group will continue to develop technologies linked with highways activities to improve 
security, environment protection and quality of service. 
Electronic tag issuer for light vehicles  
The Sanef Group has 30 years of experience in managing its own electronic toll collection infrastructure. In 
1991, SANEF became the first French motorway concessionaire to equip its entire network with electronic toll 
collection. In July 2000, the Sanef Group implemented, together with the other French motorway 
concessionaires, an inter-company electronic payment system (Télépéage Inter- Sociétés), and a subscription-
based toll pass system for passenger vehicles known as “Liber-t”.  
Electronic toll collection allows the Sanef Group to absorb increased traffic volumes by improving traffic flow, 
to reduce toll collection costs, to improve client service by simplifying toll collection.  
In 2012, SANEF set up Bip & Go, which is dedicated to the light vehicle on board unit, in order to develop this 
market. 
Indebtedness of HIT and rating 
As at 31 December 2023, the gross debt of the Group was €5,396 million, as compared to €5,358 million as at 
31 December 2022. Current and non-current borrowings included in the gross debt was €5,287 million as at 31 
December 2023, as compared to €5,271 million as at 31 December 2022. 
The senior, unsecured long-term debt of HIT and SANEF is rated BBB (stable outlook) by Fitch France SAS 
(“Fitch”) and BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”).  
Recent Developments  
Financial position 
The Group has a robust financial structure, both at the level of Abertis, the shareholder of HIT, and the 
concession-holder entities, the largest of which are SANEF and SAPN. 
The Group total committed liquidity is equal to €500 million as at 31 December 2023. The Group has secured 
liquidity by way of the following Revolving Credit Facilities: two Revolving Credit Facilities at HIT level for 
€200 million each maturing on 30 October 2024 and on 30 April 2028 and one Revolving Credit Facility at 
SANEF level for €100 million maturing on 28 September 2028. All Revolving Credit Facilities of HIT Group 
remain undrawn as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Trend Information 
December 2023 key financial indicators 
HIT’s consolidated accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been prepared by HIT’s Management 
and have been audited.

--- Page 105 ---
A53510037                                                                                            105 
Turnover, EBITDA and Net Income of HIT 
31 December 
2023
2022
(in millions of euro) 
Turnover (tolling and other activities) ...............................................  
2,090.1
2,013.6 
- Turnover excluding construction works ..........................................  
1,975.7
1,861.7 
- Turnover construction works ..........................................................  
114.4
152.0 
EBITDA (*) ..................................................................................................................................... 
1,412.5
1,367.1 
Net Income ........................................................................................  
631,2
504,9 
(*) EBITDA after IFRIC 12 provision 
Debt Structure of HIT 
31 December 
2023
2022
(in millions of euro) 
Gross Debt ........................................................................................  
5,395.9
5,358.1 
Net Debt ............................................................................................  
4,919.1
5,042.2 
Evolution of traffic levels 
Traffic in million kilometres 
2023
2022
2023 vs. 2022
SANEF 
Light vehicles ...................................................................... 
10,660 
10,321
3.3%
Heavy vehicles .................................................................... 
2,409 
2,414
-0.2%
Total .................................................................................... 
13,070 
12,735
2.6%
SAPN 
Light vehicles ...................................................................... 
3,258 
3,183
2.4%
Heavy vehicles .................................................................... 
456 
460
-0.8%
Total .................................................................................... 
3,714 
3,643
2.0%
Total group 
Light vehicles ...................................................................... 
13,918 
13,503
3.1%
Heavy vehicles .................................................................... 
2,866 
2,874
-0.3%
Total .................................................................................... 
16,783 
16,378
2.5%
(Source: SANEF)

--- Page 106 ---
A53510037                                                                                            106 
Dividends 
In 2023, HIT paid €750 million to its shareholder Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A., of which €541 million was 
derived from distributable profits, €19 million from reserves and €190 million from share capital.  
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer is represented, administered and managed by a Président (President). The President may be an 
individual or an institution, a HIT shareholder or otherwise. The President is appointed for a 6-year period term 
upon proposition by the founding shareholder and by a collective vote of all the shareholders.  
The President has responsibility for the general management of the Issuer and represents it in its relations with 
third parties. In this regard, the President is, within certain legal parameters, vested with extensive powers to 
act on behalf of and bind HIT under all circumstances. Within these parameters, the President may delegate 
certain of its powers.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, HIT’s President is Francisco José Aljaro Navarro, domiciled at Paseo de 
la Castellana, 89, floor 9, 28046, Madrid, Spain. 
Outside HIT, Francisco José Aljaro Navarro is, as at 31 December 2023: 

Director-Chief Executive Officer of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.;

Director of Abertis HoldCo, S.A.;

Director of A4 Holding, S.A.;

Chairman of Inversora de Infraestructuras, S.L.;

Chairman of Partícipes en Brasil, S.A.;

Joint and several administrator of Participes en Brasil II, S.L.;

Director of Arteris, S.A.;

Chairman of Vias Chile, S.A.;

Chairman of Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico, LLC;

Director of SANEF S.A.; 

President of Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport 2 (H.I.T. 2);

Chairman of Red de Carreteras de Occidente, S.A.P.I.;

Chairman of Virginia Tollroad Transportco LLC;

Director of Metropistas LLC (since 14 December 2023); and

Chairman of Blueridge Transportation Group HoldCo, LLC (since 27 December 2023). 
Any decision exceeding the powers of the HIT’s President shall be taken by the partners (associés) of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 18 of HIT’s by-laws.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is only one partner (associé unique), which is Abertis 
Infraestructuras, S.A.

--- Page 107 ---
A53510037                                                                                            107 
Conflicts of interest 
To HIT’s knowledge, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the President’s duties to HIT 
and their private interests and/or other duties. The President must at all times ensure that their personal situation 
does not create any conflict of interests with HIT. The President who has a conflict of interest must (i) report it 
to the associé unique so that the latter may make a decision thereon and (ii) refrain from taking part in any 
deliberations and vote on the relevant matter. 
The Commission Consultative des Marchés Autoroutiers  
The French highway code (code de la voirie routière or “CVR”) imposes rules for the award by motorway 
concession companies of works, supply and service contracts for the needs of concessions above certain 
thresholds and contracts for the operation of commercial facilities (such as fuel stations, shops and restaurants) 
in motorway service areas. The procedures for awarding these contracts are similar, or in some cases even 
stricter, than those applicable to public bodies. 
For contracts awarded for the needs of concessions above the thresholds, SANEF and SAPN have each set up, 
as required by the CVR, an award commission (commission des marchés or “CDM”). Each CDM is made up 
of voting members, the majority of whom must be independent of the company, as well as a representative of 
the French General Directorate for Competition, Consumer Affairs and Fraud Control (“DGCCRF”), the latter 
having no voting rights. The CDMs are responsible for defining certain procurement rules, and for issuing 
binding opinions on the award of the contracts. 
The CVR also gives the transport regulatory authority (“ART”) the task of ensuring the application of these 
regulations. In relation to contracts for the needs of concessions, the ART gives binding opinions on the 
composition of the CDMs and the internal rules defined by them and, on the other hand, monitors the award of 
contracts. For commercial installations in service areas, the ART gives an opinion before State approval of the 
operators of such installations.  
Alternative Performance Measures  
The key performance indicators used by HIT in this Base Prospectus constitute Alternative Performance 
Measures (“APMs”) as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 5 October 2015 by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and which came into force on 3 July 2016. HIT considers that these metrics provide useful 
information for investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in order to better understand the 
underlying business, the financial position and the results of operations of the Group. Such APMs are not 
audited and are not measures required by, or presented in accordance with, the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, they should not be considered 
substitutes to the information contained in the audited consolidated financial statements of HIT as of and for 
the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 nor to any performance measures prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by HIT, may not be comparable to other similar titled measures used by other 
companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternative to the information calculated 
in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of HIT’s profitability or 
liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial 
information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review these APMs in 
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of HIT as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
HIT considers that the APMs contained in this Base Prospectus comply with the ESMA Guidelines.

--- Page 108 ---
A53510037                                                                                            108 
The definitions and reconciliations of the APMs used for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 are as follows (all figures in thousands of euro): 
Revenues 
“Revenues” corresponds to the “Operating income” line item of the consolidated profit and loss statement of 
the consolidated financial statements. 
2023
2022
Revenue ................................................................................................  
2,090,082 
2,013,630
of which revenue excluding construction works ............................  
1,975,685 
1,861,654
of which revenue from construction ...............................................  
114,397 
151,976
Other income ........................................................................................  
16,718 
34,000
Operating Income ...............................................................................  
2,106,800 
2,047,631
Opex or Operating expenses 
“Opex” or “Operating expenses” corresponds to the “Operating expenses” line item of the consolidated profit 
and loss statement of the consolidated financial statements. 
2023
2022
Opex – Operating expenses ............................................................... 
1,127,780 
1,101,111 
EBIT – Operating income, net 
“EBIT” corresponds to the “Operating income, net” line item of the consolidated profit and loss statement of 
the consolidated financial statements. 
2023
2022
EBIT – Profit from operations .......................................................... 
979,021 
946,519 
EBITDA 
“EBITDA” or “Gross Operating Profit” is defined as EBIT adjusted by the following line item of the 
consolidated financial statements “Total depreciation and amortization”. 
The Group considers EBITDA as an operational indicator that measures the cash generation capacity of its 
assets, while it is an indicator widely used by analysts, investors, credit rating agencies and other stakeholders. 
2023
2022
EBIT – Profit from operations .......................................................... 
979,021 
946,519 
+Total depreciation and amortization ................................................ 
433,467 
420,625 
EBITDA(*) ........................................................................................ 
1,412,488 
1,367,144
(*) EBITDA after IFRIC 12 provision

--- Page 109 ---
A53510037                                                                                            109 
EBITDA margin 
“EBITDA margin” is a relative indicator used by the Group to analyse the operating performance of its assets, 
representing the relative weight of EBITDA on revenues. 
2023
2022
EBITDA(*) – Gross operating profit .................................................. 
1,412,488 
1,367,144 
Revenue (excl. construction works) + other income ......................... 
1,992,403 
1,895,654 
EBITDA(*) margin ........................................................................... 
70.9%
72.1%
(*) EBITDA after IFRIC 12 provision
Net debt 
“Net debt” is defined as “Gross Debt” less the “Cash and cash equivalents” line item in the consolidated 
financial statements. 
2023
2022
Gross Debt ........................................................................................ 
5,395,927 
5,358,124 
Cash and cash equivalents ................................................................. 
(476,825) 
(315,944) 
Net debt ............................................................................................ 
4,919,102
5,042,180
Net debt/EBITDA(*)
3,48x 
3,69x
(*) EBITDA after IFRIC 12 provision
The Group uses the “Net debt” as a measure of its liquidity as it indicates the current cash and equivalents in 
relation to its total debt liabilities. 
Capex or Capital expenses 
“Capex” or “Capital expenses” relates to the “Additions to property, plant and equipment” and “Additions to 
intangible assets” line items in the consolidated financial statements of net cash flows from investing activities 
of the consolidated financial statements. 
2023
2022
Additions to property, plant and equipment ...................................... 
61,066 
56,189 
Additions to intangible assets ............................................................ 
134,770 
168,551 
Capex or Capital expenses .............................................................. 
195,836
224,740
The Issuer considers this an important indicator because it represents the ability of HIT to expand its portfolio 
through the discretionary use of cash in investments for the improvements of the highway network for agreed 
returns in the case of the road assets and measuring how effectively HIT is redeploying resources to build a 
perpetual business model as it contributes for EBITDA replacement and the increase of the duration its 
portfolio.” 
Major Shareholder 
HIT has a sole shareholder: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. which is a Spanish limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima), whose registered office is located at Paseo de la Castellana, 89, floor 9, 28046 Madrid,

--- Page 110 ---
A53510037                                                                                            110 
Spain, registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid, at volume (tomo) 36,981, sheet (folio) 180 and page 
(hoja) M-660899, under the tax identification number A-8209769. 
As at 1 March 2024, HIT’s share capital consisted of 769.358.743 shares (compared to 769.358.743 shares as 
at 31 December 2023) in registered form with a par value of one euro each, in a single class and fully paid up. 
Strategy  
The strategy of HIT and the Sanef Group are aligned.  
For the 2022-2025 period, the strategic objectives of the Sanef Group are the following:  
1)
Prioritizing customer satisfaction:  

the 1,300 employees that are in contact with customers are committed to ensuring a high level 
of customer satisfaction,  

among the different means of contact with customers, the Sanef Group is active on social 
media, and 

the Sanef Group is actively preparing the changes in customer relationship entailed by the 
current implementation of the free-flow tolling system project on the SAPN motorways 
(A13/14). 
2)
Developing the SANEF and SAPN Concession Agreements:  

the Concession Agreements are due to expire within the next ten years and require the Sanef 
Group to anticipate the return of the assets to the grantor, and 

changes in the mobility and decarbonization expectations make it conceivable to amend the 
Concession Agreements with a view to financing the necessary investments to be made by 
the end of the Sanef Group concessions. 
3)
Continuing to reduce the carbon emissions on motorways by implementing an ambitious CSR 
(Corporate Social Responsibility) strategy through tangible projects having a strong impact on 
greenhouse gas emissions.  
A synergy with Abertis to pursue operational excellency 
The Sanef Group pursues operational excellency, in particular via the implementation of a new efficiency plan 
arising from synergies between SANEF and Abertis Group (optimization of operational expenses and of 
maintenance capital expenditure). 
Besides, the deployment of existing policies and software within the Abertis Group leads to a simplification of 
SANEF’s processes. 
Road Safety & Road Technology 
SANEF, as part of the Abertis Group, is committed to road safety and road technology and develops many 
programmes in both of these areas. 
For road safety, SANEF continues its work to improve road safety in its infrastructure and applies for instance 
advanced construction and management practices and launches awareness-raising initiatives such as 
l’Observatoire des Comportements and media campaigns on safety related topics.  
For road technology, SANEF pursues its efforts finding solutions to the mobility challenges of the future with 
projects that focus on the new challenge facing mobility, such as electric, connected or self-driving vehicles.

--- Page 111 ---
A53510037                                                                                            111

--- Page 112 ---
A53510037                                                                                            112 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 14 March 2024 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis 
by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its 
own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or 
at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also 
be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 113 ---
A53510037                                                                                            113 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 114 ---
A53510037                                                                                            114 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly 
or indirectly, any Notes in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, and the 
Issuer and each Dealer have agreed that they may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of 
America or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i)
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
the completion of the distribution of such Tranche (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and  
(ii)
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that any 
offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document

--- Page 115 ---
A53510037                                                                                            115 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or 
distribute any copies of this Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy, except: 
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2, letter e), of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Consolidated Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
14 May 1999, as amended from time to time (the “Issuers Regulation”), and any other applicable Italian 
laws and regulations. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must 
be: 
(a)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018, as amended from time to time;
(b)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy 
issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020) pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and  
(c)
in compliance with all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and any other applicable laws and 
regulations or requirements which may be imposed from time to time by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB or 
other Italian authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that in any subsequent 
distribution of the Notes the Prospectus Regulation and the Consolidated Financial Act may require compliance 
with the law relating to public offers of securities.  
Article 100-bis of the Consolidated Financial Services Act affects the transferability of the Notes in Italy to the 
extent that any placement of the Notes is made solely with qualified investors and such Notes are then 
systematically resold to non-qualified investors on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following 
such placement. Should this occur without the publication of a prospectus and outside of the scope of one of 
the exemptions referred to above, retail purchasers of Notes may have such purchase declared void and claim 
damages from any intermediary which sold them the Notes, unless an exemption provided for under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Consolidated Financial Services Act. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold, and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan,

--- Page 116 ---
A53510037                                                                                            116 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(i)
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as amended 
("FinSA"), except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the 
FinSA;
(ii)
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss 
review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and
(iii)
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to any investor that 
qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA.

--- Page 117 ---
A53510037                                                                                            117 
TAXATION  
France 
The following is a basic summary of certain French withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to 
Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. This summary is based on the laws and 
interpretation thereof in force in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in 
law that may take effect after such date, possibly with a retroactive effect. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, hold 
or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as 
to the tax consequences of any investment in or ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments 
are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the 
meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a “Non-Cooperative State”), other than 
those  of 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts. If such payments under the Notes 
are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those of 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code 
général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the 
more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts. The 75 per cent. withholding tax is applicable irrespective of the tax residence of the 
Noteholder. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published by a ministerial executive order, which may be 
updated at any time, and at least once a year. A law no. 2018-898 published on October 24, 2018 (i) removed 
the specific exclusion of the member States of the European Union, (ii) expanded the list of Non-Cooperative 
States to include states and jurisdictions on the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as 
amended from time to time (it being noted that a ministerial executive order has to be enacted to revise the 
domestic list and include the relevant states and jurisdictions), and (iii) as a consequence, expanded this 
withholding tax regime to certain states and jurisdictions included in such blacklist. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues 
paid on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer’s taxable income, if they are paid or accrued to persons 
established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution 
established in such a Non-Cooperative State. The abovementioned law amending the list of Non-Cooperative 
States as described above expands this regime to the states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published 
by the Council of the European Union as amended from time to time. 
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be recharacterised as 
constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case 
such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 
bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at a rate of (i) 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals 
who are not French tax residents, (ii) 25 per cent. for payments benefiting legal persons which are not French 
tax residents, or (iii) 75 per cent., for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than 
those of 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, subject to more favourable 
provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts, nor, to the extent the relevant interest or other revenues relate to genuine 
transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the non-deductibility of the interest and other 
revenues provided by Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts and therefore the withholding tax 
set out under Article 119 bis 2 that may be levied as a result of such non-deductibility, will apply in respect of

--- Page 118 ---
A53510037                                                                                            118 
a particular issue of Notes provided that the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such a particular 
issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-
Cooperative State (the “Exception”). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts, BOI-
INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 6 June 2023, no. 290 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 14 June 2022, no. 150, an issue 
of the Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide evidence supporting the main 
purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 

offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than in a Non-Cooperative State. For this 
purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer 
document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or

admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by such other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 

admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities payment 
and delivery systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or 
operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A of the French 
Code général des impôts, subject to certain limited exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the 
payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other similar revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The mechanism by which the tax would be applied and collected is not yet known, but if the proposed directive 
or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the 
market for the Notes may be diminished. 
More recently, the participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have agreed to continue negotiations on the 
basis of a joint French-German proposal based on the French financial transactions tax model at a minimum 
rate of 0.2% which in principle would only concern acquisition of shares of listed companies whose market 
capitalization exceeds EUR 1 billion on December 1 of the preceding year and whose head office is in a Member 
State of the European Union. However, the proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating 
Member States (excluding Estonia), the scope of such tax being therefore uncertain. The timing of its 
implementation remains also unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and certain of 
the participating Member States may decide to withdraw.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 119 ---
A53510037                                                                                            119 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign pass thru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions including France have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 120 ---
A53510037                                                                                            120 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014, as amended (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
as amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook, 
as amended (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 121 ---
A53510037                                                                                            121 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9695004S3RCE0Q5V8G28 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the  
Euro 5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 14 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [16 July 2020] [18 March 2021] [16 March 2022] [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [●]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 14 March 2024. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 14 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all 
the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 
[16 July 2020] [18 March 2021] [16 March 2022] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]].] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from [●]. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: https://live.euronext.com and on the website of the 
Issuer at [●]. 
(Where listing is not on an EU regulated market, references to the Prospectus Regulation in the Final Terms 
should be removed.) 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the

--- Page 122 ---
A53510037                                                                                            122 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
(1) 
Issuer: 
 
Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport  
(2) 
(i)
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
(i)
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
(ii)
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 29 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].] 
(3) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[●] (in the case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated and the 
currency in which principal and/or interest are 
payable) 
(4) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[●] 
(i)
Series: 
 
[●] 
(ii)
Tranche: 
 
[●] 
(5) 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
(6) 
(i)
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[●]  
(ii)
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
(7) 
(i)
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
(9) 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
Redemption Basis: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
(11) 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 123 ---
A53510037                                                                                            123 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
(12) 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer] 
[Squeeze Out Redemption Option] 
[Put Change of Control Option] 
[Put Reduction in Controlling Shareholder Option] 
[Loss of Concession Redemption Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(13) 
Dates of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[Decision of the Président of the Issuer dated [●] [and 
of [●] [function]] deciding the issue of the Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
(14) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) 
[●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify) in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v)
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
(15) 
Floating Rate Provisions 
 
[In respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) 
[●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph). 
(i)
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]

--- Page 124 ---
A53510037                                                                                            124 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[●] in each year [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below] 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [[●] in each year] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention 
set 
out 
in 
(v) 
below] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●] 
(v)
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
 
[●] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ 
ISDA Determination] 
(viii)Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[●] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Index Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is not 
applicable:
-
Reference Rate: 
 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] [Not Applicable] 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination)  
-
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
 
[●] 
-
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
 
[●] 
-
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] [The date falling [ ] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Accrual Period]/ [First day 
of each Interest Accrual Period]/[The [first, second, 
third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for each Interest Accrual 
Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
are 
due 
and 
payable).][provide details][The Interest Payment 
Date at the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the last Interest Accrual Period prior to the

--- Page 125 ---
A53510037                                                                                            125 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption will 
be the Rate Cut-off Date (Include this wording for 
Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement 
of the Fiscal Agent.)  
 (In the case of SONIA, SOFR or €STR) [[●] London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
the relevant Interest Period]  
-
Effective Interest Payment 
Date: 
 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, 
the date fixed for redemption (include for Payment 
Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 
5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
-
p: 
 
[●] 
-
Relevant Screen Page:  
 
[●]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website]/[ECB's Website] 
-
Calculation Method: 
 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
-
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ 
Not Applicable] 
-
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Look-back Period should be at 
least as many Business Days before the Interest 
Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable 
where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the 
Observation 
Method; 
otherwise, 
select 
"Not 
Applicable".) 
-
 D: 
 
[365/360/[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
-
Rate Cut-off Date: 
 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable (include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.)

--- Page 126 ---
A53510037                                                                                            126 
-
Reference Banks (when the 
Relevant Screen Page is not 
available): 
 
[●] 
-
[Reference Currency: 
 
[●]] 
- 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
 
[●]] 
- 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
 
[●]] 
- 
[Designated Maturity: 
 
[●]] 
- 
[Specified Time: 
 
[●]] 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is 
applicable:
-
SONIA Compounded Index: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
SOFR Compounded Index: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
€STR Compounded Index: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Interest Determination Date: 
 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period)] 
-
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is 
five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is 
applicable.) 
-
Relevant Number: 
 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
-
Numerator: 
 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(x)
FBF Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-
Floating Rate (Taux 
variable): 
 
[●] (if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination)  
-
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
(xi) ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
-
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] [Overnight Floating Rate Option] [Index Floating 
Rate Option] (if the Rate of Interest is determined by

--- Page 127 ---
A53510037                                                                                            127 
linear interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant 
two rates used for such determination)  
-
Designated Maturity: 
 
[●] 
-
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
-
Compounding 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-
[Compounding Method 
 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
-
Averaging 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-
[Averaging Method: 
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
-
Index Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
-
[Index Method 
 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days

--- Page 128 ---
A53510037                                                                                            128 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xii) Linear interpolation: 
 
[Applicable – the Rate of interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)/Not Applicable] 
(xiii)Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(16) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)
Amortisation Yield:  
 
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(17) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, details in 
paragraphs 14 or 15 shall also be specified on the 
applicable interest basis. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate of Exchange: 
 
[Give details] 
(ii)
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
[●] (give name and address) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
(18) 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note [of [●] Calculation Amount] [Make-
whole Amount] [Condition 6(h) applies] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
-
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
-
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Notice period: 
 
[As per the Conditions]/ [●]

--- Page 129 ---
A53510037                                                                                            129 
(19) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Reference Security: 
 
[●] 
(ii)
Similar Security: 
 
[●] 
(iii) Redemption Margin:  
 
[●] 
(iv) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
[●] 
(v)
References Dealers:  
 
[[●]/ As per Conditions] 
(20) 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Call Option Date:  
 
[●] 
(ii)
Notice period:  
 
[As per the Conditions]/ [●] 
(iii) Time period: 
 
[As per the Conditions]/ [●] 
(21) 
Squeeze Out Redemption Option by 
the Issuer  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i)
Squeeze Out Redemption Amount 
 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
[Condition 6(h) applies] 
(22) 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
[Condition 6(h) applies] 
(iii) Notice period: 
 
[●] 
(23) 
Put Change of Control Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(24) 
Put Reduction in Controlling 
Shareholder Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(25) 
Dual Currency Notes  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
Rate of Exchange: 
 
[Give details] 
Party, if any, responsible for calculating 
the principal and/or interest due (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
[●] (give name and address) 
(26) 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
 
[[●] per Note [of [●] Calculation Amount]]

--- Page 130 ---
A53510037                                                                                            130 
(27) 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default 
or other early redemption: 
 
[[●] per Note [of [●] Calculation Amount]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
(28) 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]  
(29) 
New Global Note/held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
 
[Yes] [No] 
(30) 
Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not the 
dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(vii) relate)
(31) 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(32) 
Purchase without the cancellation of 
the Notes in accordance with 
applicable French laws and 
regulations: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport: 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 131 ---
A53510037                                                                                            131 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated/The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]: [●].] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)  
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU
CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As 
such, [Insert credit rating agency/ies][is/are] included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 132 ---
A53510037                                                                                            132 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”).]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] is not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency], which is 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU
CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU but is 
certified under (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]  
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).]  
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]
[The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other activities for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.]

--- Page 133 ---
A53510037                                                                                            133 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i)] Reasons for the offer: 
 
[[●] 
[([See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus] – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, will need to give details here.)] 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
 
[[●] [Include breakdown of expenses.]
(Only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and 
total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where disclosure is 
included at (i) above.)] 
5
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]% per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Trade Date: 
 
[●] 
ISIN: 
 
[●] 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
(i)
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii)
Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[●] is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article

--- Page 134 ---
A53510037                                                                                            134 
36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]]/ [Not Applicable]. 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
7
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 135 ---
A53510037                                                                                            135 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2] applies to the Notes;
[TEFRA C applies/TEFRA D applies/TEFRA not 
applicable]”

--- Page 136 ---
A53510037                                                                                            136 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1
Central Bank of Ireland approval and admission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
2
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other approvals, authorisations and consents in the Republic 
of France in connection with the update of the Programme. The Président (President) of the Issuer, by a decision 
dated 4 March 2024 has granted to the Director of financings (Directeur des financements) of Abertis 
Infraestructuras, S.A., the authority to update the Programme and all power to issue Notes and to determine 
their terms and conditions up to €5,000,000,000. 
3
No Significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 31 
December 2023. 
4
No Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 December 
2023. 
5
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings that may have, or have had during twelve (12) months preceding the date of this document, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, or the Group nor is the Issuer aware that 
any such proceedings are pending or threatened.  
6
Bearer Notes 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.

--- Page 137 ---
A53510037                                                                                            137 
7
Clearing 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium, Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg.  
The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result 
in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
9
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will 
be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), 
for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent and/or the Paying Agent and at the website of Abertis 
(www.abertis.com) for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i)
the Agency Agreement;
(ii)
the Deed of Covenant;
(iii)
the up to date statuts of the Issuer; and 
(iv)
a copy of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, which comprise the Issuer 
2022 Financial Statements and the Issuer 2023 Financial Statements, together with any supplement 
thereto. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Programme, the following documents will be available, on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and on the website of Abertis (www.abertis.com): 
(i)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further base prospectus;
and 
(ii)
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or are offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom so long as such 
Notes are outstanding. 
10
Statutory auditors  
KPMG S.A. at Tour Eqho – 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris-la-Défense Cedex, France, and Philippe Mouraret 
Audit, Expertise et Conseil at 60, rue de Courcelles, 75008 Paris, France (both entities regulated by the Haut 
Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and KPMG S.A. is a 
member of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles and Philippe Mouraret 
Audit, Expertise et Conseil a member of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Paris)

--- Page 138 ---
A53510037                                                                                            138 
have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023. 
11
Issue Price and Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the 
process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series 
of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment 
dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche.  
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date (as 
defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
12
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 9695004S3RCE0Q5V8G28. 
13
Conflicts of interest 
In the ordinary course of business, certain of the Dealers have provided and may in the future provide, directly 
and/or indirectly through their affiliates, investment and commercial banking, financial advisory and other 
services to the Issuer and/or its affiliates from time to time, for which they have received monetary 
compensation. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates may from time to time also enter into swap and other 
derivative transactions with the Issuer and/or its affiliates, may have positions, deal or make markets in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, enter into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In 
addition, certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or of its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and/or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Certain of the Dealers 
and/or their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph 
the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.

--- Page 139 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport 
30, boulevard Gallieni 
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux 
France
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia, 1st Floor 
28050 Madrid 
Spain
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Spain
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2 
46002 Valencia 
Spain
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 – 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan  
Italy
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower One, 11th Floor  
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam  
The Netherlands
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 140 ---
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG, S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris-la-Défense Cedex 
France
Philippe Mouraret Audit, Expertise et Conseil 
60, rue de Courcelles 
75008 Paris 
France
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer 
as to English and French law
To the Dealers 
as to English and French law
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France