--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 18 October 2021 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities ("Non-Equity Securities") within the 
meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation under the Programme (as defined below) by HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH. 
 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH 
(incorporated in Germany as a company with limited liability) 
EUR 4 Billion Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference therein, the "Base Prospectus"), HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH (the “ Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time 
issue unsubordinated bearer notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 per Note (together the "Notes"). The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes issued under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any 
time exceed EUR 4 billion (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the Notes 
and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below) 
will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final Terms") within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on prospectuses for securities (Loi relative aux prospectus 
pour valeurs mobilières) by approving this Base Prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may 
be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents incorporated 
by reference 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.howoge.de). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 
18 October 2022.  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and subject 
to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and 
that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition.  Investing in the 
Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 8 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
 
Deutsche Bank  
Morgan Stanley  
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung (the “Issuer” and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, 
"HOWOGE" or the "Group") with its registered office in Berlin, Germany accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full information on the Issuer and any 
tranche of Notes (each a "Tranche") is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement 
thereto and the relevant Final Terms relating to such Tranche of Notes. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme").  
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible 
for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other document 
incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of 
these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these 
documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in  
bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, so ld 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the 
meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended ("Code") and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale - 
Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or  
any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") 
is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final 
Terms. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulat ion (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (" EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the " FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in  
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the " MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR’S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to the EURIBOR 
(Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and main tained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilising 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilising manager) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and 
phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing 
information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding HOWOGE's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be 
worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The Group's 
business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or 
prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following 
sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These sections include more detailed 
descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 6 
RISK FACTORS................................................................................................................................................................ 8 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .................................................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES................................................................................................................ 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................ 119 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.................................................................................................................................. 134 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................................... 166 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................................................ 167 
TAXATION WARNING................................................................................................................................................ 184 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................................ 185 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................................... 188 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORAT ED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................................... 190 
VALUATION REPORT..................................................................................................................................................... 1 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................................. 1

--- Page 6 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under the Programme, HOWOGE, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE, Société Générale, UniCredit Bank AG and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 4 billion 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Amount"). The Issuer may increase the Programme Amount in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or 
(2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not admitted to trading on a regulated 
market of, any member state of the EEA, in such form as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for 
the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
"Specific Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme and 
having terms not contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain 
parts of the Base Prospectus and which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 para. 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including any documents which are from time to time incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as such  
Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Issues of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate (the "Fixed Rate Notes") or floating rate notes (the 
"Floating Rate Notes"). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received 
by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or 
above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in  
the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in any 
currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in 
euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and 
maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a "Temporary Global Note"). Interests 
in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global note (each a 
"Permanent Global Note") on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant 
issue date (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
Distribution of Notes 
The Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System and may be 
distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes may only be offered to qualified investors in accordance with 
any applicable law. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United 
States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore. See section "Subscription and Sale". 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated 
markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject 
to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art icle 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider the following 
risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below 
materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders’ equity, assets, financial position 
and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of the Issuer or the Group. Moreover, if 
any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a 
position to fulfil its payment obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders 
of Notes (“Noteholders”) issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer 
believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued  
under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. Additional risks the Issuer is presently not aware 
of could also affect its business operations and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business activities and prospects, 
assets, equity, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors featured in the Base Prospectus are limited to risks which are specific to the Issuer and which are material for 
taking an informed investment decision. The risks mentioned may materialize individually or cumulatively. The materiality of 
the risk factors has been assessed based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact. The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each  category, at least 
the two most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact, are mentioned first. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Market Risks 
The Group is dependent on economic, demographic and political developments in Berlin and the surrounding regions.  
The Group holds a property portfolio consisting of 65,026 residential units in Berlin complemented by 1,035 commercial units 
and 12,039 units of other properties (in particular parking spaces and garages, all including owner-occupied units), each as at 
30 June 2021. On 16 and 17 September 2021 the Issuer entered into various agreements to purchase and acquire additional 
8,267 residential units, which will increase the Group’s property portfolio to over 73,000 residential units in Berlin. The Group 
focuses on sustainable portfolio development, innovative housing concepts and social commitment with the aim to provide 
housing for broad sections of the population, including low-income households, at affordable rents. In addition, the Group 
engages in real estate related businesses for the public benefit like the refurbishment and construction of state runned schools.  
With more than 99 % of the Group’s properties being located in Berlin, the Group’s business activities and future prospects 
are strongly affected by demographic, political and economic factors regarding Berlin and the surrounding regions, including 
the developments in the residential property market. These factors significantly impact demand for and the vacancy rate of the 
Group’s properties, the rents that the Group can achieve, the payment patterns of the Group’s tenants, the valuation of the 
Group’s properties and other developments significant for the business of the Group.  
Since more than 99 % of the Group’s properties are located in Berlin, the Group is not in a position to compensate any 
unfavorable developments in Berlin and the surrounding regions through any business activities elsewhere in Germany or 
abroad. Should Berlin’s attractiveness for the population and businesses deteriorate, the Group and its business may face severe 
challenges as such deterioration may have an adverse effect on the demand for the Group’s residential and commercial 
portfolio. 
Certain studies have forecasted that demographic change in Germany, resulting in a declining and ageing population, may 
cause the nationwide demand for accommodation to decrease in the long term. In economically weak and rural areas, significant 
population declines have already led to an oversupply of housing. A further population decline in these areas is likely to result 
in further reduction in demand for residential real estate. While Berlin is currently facing a high demand for affordable 
residential real estate caused by an increasing population and continued economic growth over the last five years, changes in 
other macroeconomic factors, such as the gross domestic product (“GDP”), unemployment rates, purchasing power and social 
developments such as changes to average household size may also impact the demand for residential real estate. A decline in 
the population, which is not counterbalanced by a rising number of households or an increase of the average amount of space 
needed, would lead to lower demand, and, as a result, may adversely affect the Group’s ability to achieve higher occupancy 
rates and average rent levels. Economic developments, such as local employment conditions or a significant decline of the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
income or liquidity situation of the respective tenants, may also lead to a decrease of rental income. In addition to the decrease 
of rental income, the Group could also be exposed to increased vacancies. In such circumstances, the Group may not be able 
to re-let the properties on attractive terms or might only be able to do so after making additional investment s. 
Consequently, the Group’s regional focus on Berlin may constitute a lump risk and unfavorable economic, demographic and 
political developments in Berlin and in its surrounding regions could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The European real estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively affected by the effects of 
pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the COVID-19 
pandemic, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, have had and may continue to have a 
negative impact on the overall economic situation, including the German real estate market. The restrictive administrative 
measures like restrictions on travel, quarantines, closures of businesses and other social distancing measures vary from country 
to country and sometimes regionally. Although the situation has currently calmed down in Germany, it cannot be ruled out 
that, with increasing incidence, the state governments may, among other things, again order the temporary closure of businesses 
or even other measures with impact on the real estate market. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has only been an insignificant impact on the business of the Group since the 
Group’s portfolio comprises only a very limited number of commercial units. In the financial year 2020, outstanding receivables 
for rent have only increased by EUR 347 thousand with the Group’s total rent revenue amounting to EUR 304 million. 
Furthermore, despite the aforementioned political measures, the Group has been operating without any restrictions during the 
course of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
However, a number of factors have already negatively impacted the global economy and international financial markets in 
general and may have a material adverse effect on the markets in which the Group operates – depending on duration and 
intensity of the above-mentioned restrictions. Such developments, including the outbreak of novel virus types, could have a 
number of effects on the Group’s business, including the following: 
 
In the event of high infection rates in Germany, Berlin and/or in the surrounding areas, the Group may face severe 
challenges in upholding its business activities especially with regard to staff shortages, such as those caused due to 
COVID-19 infections, restrictions on the workforce, especially personnel with direct contact to the customers like 
suppliers, craftsmen, service personnel etc. There may also be IT -failures that may require more time to resolve due 
to the absence of competent employees or the unavailability of external IT experts. The Group has taken certain 
measures to protect employees, clients, business partners and other stakeholders and to uphold its business activities 
but could fail in its attempt to adequately protect its workforce.  
 
 
A closure of office premises could be ordered due to a state-wide or nationwide lockdown of all businesses that are 
not of systemic importance. In this case, HOWOGE would have to further adapt operating procedures, which may 
have negative effects of the performance on HOWOGE’s services towards its tenants. The same may apply to 
HOWOGE’s suppliers, e.g. electricity, heating, waste collection, etc.  
 
 
New development projects and modernization works have seen and might continue to face temporary delays due to 
lockdown measures and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state authorities, delays of and 
difficulties with the supply of raw materials as well as possible limitations of construction workers permitted on site. 
 
 
Tenants in the Group’s residential properties may no longer be able to afford to pay rent at all, thereby reducing the 
Group’s income stream. Moreover, if unemployment due to business closures is widespread, the Group may not be 
able to find new tenants for vacant residential units. As a result, the Group may be confronted with having to endure 
either a higher rate of vacancies or lower rental prices at its properties. 
 
 
The measures taken against the spread of COVID-19, especially the temporary shutdown of businesses and other 
containment efforts have led to a partial or total loss of revenues for some of the Group's tenants, in particular 
commercial tenants, which in turn has already led to deferred payments of rent and in some cases to a final loss of 
rental payments, or late or reduced payments. Should such measures persist again due to COVID-19 or other novel 
virus types, there might be a higher probability of further commercial tenant insolvencies, leading to a rent loss for 
the Group. 
 
 
As regards regional developments, the spread of any pandemic may also slow the rate at which people move into 
Berlin from other regions in Germany or abroad, especially rural and suburban areas, which could have a negative 
impact on rental prices and overall residential demand in Berlin.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Pandemics, such as the COVID 19 pandemic, may lead to containment measures by the authorities to mitigate the 
crisis. The resulting economic impact could have a significant negative impact on the valuation of the Group's 
properties and therefore its assets. Negative revaluations in the future could have an impact on the Group’s ability to 
leverage key performance indicators and could in turn, adversely impact the Group’s credit rating. Declines in value 
of the Group’s properties and loss of income may also have a negative impact on the compliance with the financial 
covenants in its debt financing arrangements, which, if such non-compliance results in breaches of financial 
covenants, could trigger substantial early repayment obligations. As a result of increased levels of defaults in general, 
banks may have reduced liquidity, which would make it harder for the Group to obtain bank financing that it may 
desire for future acquisitions or re-financing purposes. 
The strict shutdowns introduced in spring 2021 in European countries, including Germany, due to infection peaks, may be re-
imposed if incidence increases. Despite increasing vaccination and decreasing incidence figures, the duration of the pandemic 
is also uncertain as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any pandemic, ineffectiveness, low stock in availability of newly 
developed vaccines or issues relating to vaccine distribution could lead to further “waves of infection” or comparable spread 
of disease. A deterioration of the pandemic situation, for example, due to variants of the virus and ineffectiveness or supply 
shortages of vaccines could trigger the reintroduction of some, all or even further severe governmental measures with 
corresponding negative effects on the economy, the overall real estate market and the Group’s business operations. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s future business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Limited supply of, and increasing demand for, residential properties and residential property portfolios could inhibit the 
Issuer’s ability to implement its strategy of increasing its residential property portfolio through acquisitions at attractive 
conditions.  
As part of its business strategy, the Issuer seeks to capture external growth opportunities by acquiring residential real estate 
properties or portfolios. Such acquisitions may only be implemented, however, if attractive real estate portfolios are available 
for purchase at economically reasonable prices. Given the current high demand for residential real estate in Berlin, such 
portfolios and companies may be unavailable or available only on unfavorable terms. Due to the increasing consolidation in 
the residential real estate market in Berlin, the number of available real estate portfolios has further decreased. In addition, 
competitors with asset acquisition objectives similar to those of the Issuer may possess greater financial resources and lower 
costs of capital than the Group. Furthermore, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to generate sufficient funds to 
finance such desired acquisitions in the future.  
Additionally, the supply of real estate portfolios might be limited, for example, due to fewer sales of real estate portfolios by 
long-term owners. If long-term owners cease selling or if they reduce their sales activities, supply could be constricted, which 
could increase competition for acquisitions that would be suitable for the Group and result in the prices of residential properties 
increasing further. As a consequence of these factors, the Group could be forced to pay higher prices or to acquire fewer (if  
any) properties. 
If the Group were no longer able to acquire suitable real estate portfolios at favorable terms in the future, this could limit its 
future growth and prevent it from achieving additional economies of scale. In turn, this could have a material adverse effect  on 
the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of the Group. 
Macroeconomic developments, in particular a rise in interest rates, could impair the property market in Berlin and the value 
of the Group’s property portfolio. 
The uncertainty regarding the general economic outlook has made investment opportunities that provide stable and largely 
predictable cash flows, such as investments in German real estate, more popular. This trend has been exacerbated by historically 
low interest rates in Germany and abroad. As a result, property prices and the value of residential real estate in Berlin have 
considerably increased.  
These developments could reverse themselves if, for example, interest rates were to rise, as observed in some parts of the world. 
A rise in interest rates in Europe could result in increased investor interest in investments with a higher risk profile and a 
decrease in the attractiveness of real estate investments.  
A rise in interest rates in Europe could have negative consequences for the Group, as it could trigger a decline in demand for 
residential property and negatively affect the fair value of the Group’s property portfolio. 
Any increase in interest rates could also reduce the Group’s ability to refinance its existing and future liabilities.  
Any macroeconomic developments with negative impact on the real estate market or resulting in rising interest rates could 
have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
The Group may be unable to sell a portion or the whole of its portfolio on favorable terms. 
Even though the Group is not envisaging any sale of its residential properties as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it cannot 
be excluded that the Group may consider such sale of properties in the future. This may be the case on a case by case basis or 
in the event of a future change of the political sentiment potentially reviving considerations as regards privatization of public 
housing. Even though the Issuer’s strategy is predominantly geared towards a long-term holding of its real estate, the Group 
might be required to sell parts of its real estate portfolio, including for the purpose of raising cash to support its operations. The 
Group’s general ability to sell parts of its real estate portfolio depends on the state of investment markets and on market 
liquidity. The real estate market in which the Group invests and operates is generally characterized by limited liquidity. In case 
of a planned sale, there is no guarantee that the Group would be able to sell the respective property on favorable terms or at all. 
In the case of a forced sale of all or part of the Group’s real estate portfolio, for example, if creditors of the Group realize 
collateral, a significant shortfall between the price obtained and the carrying amount of the portfolio sold is possible. 
Such events could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to the Group’s Business Activities  
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin that may issue instructions to the Issuer’s management or 
may otherwise exercise material influence on HOWOGE thereby implementing political decisions, which may conflict with 
the interests of the Group or the Issuer’s creditors. 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin. T he Issuer’s legal form of a German private company with limit 
liability (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung – “GmbH”) and its governance structure provides for a substantial level of 
control by the State of Berlin regarding all major strategic and financial activities of the Group. The articles of association, 
rules of procedure and strategic and commercial targets are passed and defined by the State of Berlin, which is also entitled to 
elect members of the supervisory board. 
The State of Berlin, as sole shareholder of HOWOGE, may issue instructions to the Issuer’s management or may otherwise 
exercise material influence on HOWOGE’s business activities. The Issuer cannot exclude that for political or other reasons the 
sole shareholder may decide to give instructions to the management of the Issuer that have or may have unfavorable effects on 
the Group’s business since they are not driven by economic, but political purposes. These decisions may refer to, for example, 
social aspects that may influence the Group’s ordinary course of business.  
For example, the State of Berlin is currently discussing an obligation of the municipal housing companies, including the Issuer, 
to execute economically unfavorable transactions under certain circumstances. Such transactions, which the Group’s private 
competitors would not be subject to, would have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, income and financial condition. In 
addition, the State of Berlin could instruct the Issuer to withdraw from certain projects. In this case the Issuer would have to, 
for example, refrain from implementing a certain development project or acquisition of properties. A further example is a 
request of the Berlin Senate Department for Urban Development and Housing (Berliner Senatsverwaltung für Stadtentwicklung 
und Wohnen) addressed to municipal housing companies including the Issuer neither to increase rents nor to terminate any 
lease agreements due to defaults in rent payments and evicting affected tenants for a certain period to protect the tenants from 
financial problems due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This decision by the State of Berlin could also put the Issuer in a worse 
economic position than private competitors who are not subject to such restrictions. 
In the past, HOWOGE could rely on the State of Berlin’s support , which included equity injections by way of land reserve 
contributions valued at approximately EUR 100 million (based on the fair value of the properties) from the State of Berlin to 
HOWOGE since 2014. It is also possible that the State of Berlin will reduce or terminate its support, for example in the form 
of shareholder loans, equity injections, contributions in kind or state guarantees.  
In each case, such decisions and/or instructions may harm the reputation of HOWOGE and may negatively affect the rating 
granted by rating agencies (see “– The Group is dependent on its credit rating to pursue its financing strategy”). 
These factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
HOWOGE may be subject to legal and political restrictions that may impede its business activities when compared to its 
privately owned competitors. Such restrictions may disadvantage the Issuer and, consequently, the Group vis-à-vis its 
competitors. 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin and therefore, belongs to the public sector (öffentliche Hand). 
According to German constitutional law and – to the extent applicable – German state law, economic activities executed by 
the public sector are legitimate if (a) they are justified by a public purpose, (b) there is a need which the public authority is in 
a position to meet with the available resources, and (c) private undertakings are not in an equally good position to provide the 
services (principle of subsidiarity). 
In addition, in its capacity as a subsidiary of the State of Berlin the Issuer and the Group are subject to the same legal

--- Page 12 ---
12 
environment that applies to the public sector even though the Issuer has the legal form of a GmbH. For example, the General 
Guidelines for state-owned Enterprises (Allgemeine Richtlinien für Beteiligungsunternehmen des Landes), certain budgetary 
regulations 
of 
the State 
of 
Berlin 
(Landeshaushaltsordnung) and 
the 
Berlin 
Housing 
Provision Law 
(Wohnraumversorgungsgesetz) apply to the Group. In 2017, the cooperation agreement “Affordable rents, new residential 
construction and the supply of social housing” (as amended on 11 March 2021, the “Cooperation Agreement”) 
(Kooperationsvereinbarung „Leistbare Mieten, Wohnungsneubau und soziale Wohnraumversorgung“) between the State of 
Berlin and the state-owned housing enterprises, including the Issuer, came into force.  
These rules, regulations and agreements may negatively affect the Issuers’ business, strategy and goals as part of the public 
general interest and thus limit the ability of the Issuer to act within the same scope and the same flexibility as its privately 
owned competitors. Privately owned competitors are not bound by these rules to the same extent, so the Group’s business 
operations may be subject to greater restrictions than those of its privately owned competitors. 
For example, the Cooperation Agreement stipulates that rents are not increased by more than 2 % annually and 4 % every two 
years, respectively. Should the rent exceed 30 % of the net household income of the tenant, it is reduced to this amount upon 
request of the tenant. Furthermore, the State of Berlin entered into a new agreement with the state-owned housing enterprises 
to implement a rent cap comparable to the restrictions imposed by the Berlin Rent Limitation Law passed by the Berlin Senate 
(Berliner Senat), which entered into force on 23 February 2020, but was declared null and void by the Federal Constitutional 
Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht, “BVerfG”) on 15 April 2021 (see “ – The housing market is strictly regulated and the Group 
is subject to regulations in Germany in general and in the State of Berlin in particular. The overall trend is towards increasing 
rent regulations and may result in rental income falling or rents not rising to the expected level.”). 
All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
The Group could be exposed to risks resulting from its project development business. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the project development business is an important business segment within the Group’s 
business. Since 2013, the Group has significantly grown its in-house project development business with 61 undeveloped 
properties. The Issuer expects to complete approximately 10,300 units by the year 2029. Furthermore, HOWOGE owns 
approximately 1 million sqm of land reserves in Berlin (including the project development joint venture Elisabeth -Aue with 
more than 300,000 sqm) as at 30 June 2021. Those land reserves represent potential that may allow to build more than 10,000 
residential units going forward. 
Such developments are typically long-term in nature and involve numerous risks. These risks include the risk of cost overruns, 
which may result in projects becoming unprofitable. Another risk refers to potential changes in the economic environment. 
Those changes may compromise or prevent letting of projects upon completion. Consequently, the Group faces the risk that 
developments it undertakes may not be profitable.  
During the initial phases of its development projects, the Group normally carries the costs of the project and begins to receive 
revenues in the form of rental income only at a later point in time. Development projects sometimes have, in addition to cost  
overruns, faced delays in completion, both of which are caused by factors that are not directly within the control of the 
developer. The Group is dependent on third-party contractors to provide construction and other services for the realization of 
its development projects. If the Group is unable to find or hire qualified and reliable contractors for any of its development 
projects, the successful completion of projects in time or with the required quality is at risk. Contractors may also fail to  meet 
the Group’s standards and deadlines. If any third party fails to provide its services, labor, equipment or materials in a timely 
and/or adequate manner, the Group may be required to source these services or materials at a higher price than anticipated and 
may face material delays at its project sites until it is able to identify appropriate alternative third parties. In addition, third-
party contractors can be adversely affected by economic downturns or poor management decisions. The Group may hire a 
contractor that subsequently becomes insolvent, causing cost overruns and project delays and increasing the risk that the Group 
will be unable to recover costs in relation to any defective work performed by such contractor.  
Failure of property developments to proceed as expected or the cost of unforeseen significant capital improvements could 
decrease the Group’s cash flows. 
The risks related to real estate developments and third party contractors may be aggravated by the consequences of the COVID-
19 pandemic and corresponding lockdown measures and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state 
authorities, delays and difficulties with the supply of raw materials, decreased availability of foreign construction workers due 
to COVID-19 related restrictions on travel and entry as well as possible limitations of construction workers permitted on site 
(see “– The European real estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively affected by the effects of 
pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic.”). For example, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Germany is affected by a shortage of building materials, causing considerable price increases and delays in 
the completion of building projects.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Furthermore, the landuse regulation applicable to the respective property, in particular local development plans 
(Bebauungspläne), or unexpected reasons such as 
• 
species protection provisions, 
• 
interventions by neighbors leading to a reduced property utilization, 
• 
prohibitions by public authorities to construct buildings on specific properties, and 
• 
soil contamination  
may result in the Group’s inability to realize or fully realize the potential of such locations, which would affect the rental 
income generated through a potential development and may therefore affect the economic viability of such developments (see 
“– The Group could be exposed to risks from residual pollution including wartime ordnance, soil conditions and contaminants 
in building materials, as well as possible building regulation violations.”). As the construction, alteration and modernization 
or a change of use of buildings will not be possible until a building permit is granted, it may be uncertain whether the relevant 
authorities will approve a respective project and what additional requirements may be imposed in connection with the building 
permit. In addition, special permissions could be required and must be obtained, particularly for measures taking place in urban 
redevelopment areas or preservation areas and for real estates and heritage listed buildings (Gebäude unter Denkmalschutz). If 
the respective permit is not granted or another required permit is granted only subject to onerous conditions, the rental income 
that is expected to be generated from the relevant real estate could be considerably less than originally calculated. If a renovation 
project becomes financially unfeasible because a required permit is not granted or is granted only subject to onerous conditions, 
the Issuer may not be able to or decide to not carry out the project and any expenditure already incurred may be lost. Moreover, 
changes in the requirements for construction or modernization of existing properties could result in unforeseen additional co sts. 
Any increase in operating costs would adversely affect the Group’s operating profit. In addition, the remaining project 
development activities may be substantially impaired if the granting of a building permit is substantially delayed, made subject 
to additional administrative building constraints or declined altogether. 
When considering property development opportunities, the Group makes certain estimates as to the economic, market and other 
conditions, including estimates relating to the value or potential value of a property and the potential return on investment. 
These estimates may prove to be incorrect, rendering the Group’s strategy inappropriate, resulting in negative effects on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects. An increase in development activities may also 
have a negative impact on the Group’s rating with regard to the aforementioned risks and uncertainties inherent to the 
development of projects. 
The materialization of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash 
flow and results of operations. 
As state-owned company being active in the “public interest”, the Group is, unlike its privately owned competitors, a public 
client (öffentlicher Auftraggeber) and therefore subject to public procurement law, which requires considerable resources 
on the part of the Group, may lead to delays in the implementation of projects and may trigger repayment claims in case of 
publicly funded projects. 
As state-owned company being active in the “public interest”, the Group is, unlike its privately owned competitors, a public 
client (öffentlicher Auftraggeber) and therefore subject to public procurement law. Hence, for all procurement contract is for 
works, supplies or services, the Group must comply with the regulations governing the award of public contracts (in particular 
Sections 97 et seq. of the German Act against Restraints of Competition (Gesetz gegen Wettbewerbsbeschränkungen), the 
German Public Procurement Ordinance (Vergabeverordnung) and the German Construction Contract Procedures (Vergabe- 
und Vertragsordnung für Bauleistungen Teil A). Moreover, the EU public procurement law is applicable if the so-called 
threshold values of currently EUR 214,000 for supply and service contracts and EUR 5,350,000 for public construction 
contracts are exceeded. In the case of award procedures below the threshold values, national procurement law as well as the 
budgetary law of the federal and state governments apply to a limited extent. Public clients must procure goods, works and 
services in competition and by means of transparent and non-discriminatory award procedures. Such procedure basically 
comprises 
• 
EU-wide announcement of the procedure, 
• 
Formal submission of the offers by bidders, 
• 
Evaluation of the offers, and 
• 
Award of contract after a standstill period. 
Such procedure must be executed and monitored by personnel of the Group and requires a considerable amount of time before 
the Group may proceed with the respective project. Moreover, there is the risk that losing bidders object the award decision 
before the procurement chamber. Review procedures (including second instance) can take up to one year or more and block

--- Page 14 ---
14 
the award of the contract. Therefore, the implementation of these procedures may lead t o delays in projects and, as a 
consequence, generating rental income. 
In case of breaches of public procurement law, contracts can be declared void by a procurement chamber if the infringement 
is claimed by a bidder within six months after the award of the contract at the latest. Moreover, non-compliance with public 
procurement law may lead repayment obligations in case of publicly funded projects. 
All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
The benefits that the Group may realize from acquisitions and takeovers could be materially different from the Issuer’s 
expectations and the integration of acquired companies may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve higher 
costs than expected or require more resources than initially planned.  
In line with its strategy, the Issuer seeks to take advantage of external growth opportunities by acquiring residential property 
portfolios and properties (developed or for new construction or development projects) at reasonable prices. The Issuer most 
recently has entered into various agreements to acquire 8,267 residential units from Vonovia SE and Deutsche Wohnen SE 
(see “Risks related to the acquisiton of the New Portfolio – The acquisition of the New Portfolio involves risks. The 
materialization of risks related to the acquisition of the New Portfolio could have material adverse effects on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.”). Acquisitions of residential property portfolios and properties 
involve a number of risks, including:  
• 
unexpected losses of key employees; 
• 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
• 
challenges in managing the increased scope and complexity of operations; 
• 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; 
• 
the possible loss of customers and/or other business partners; and 
• 
control issues in a situation where the Issuer might not exercise sole control of the target. 
The Issuer may not be able to realize the anticipated synergies, future earnings, transfer of know-how or other benefits that it 
intends to achieve from such acquisitions and takeovers. The Issuer cannot guarantee that any acquisition will yield benefits 
that are sufficient to justify the expenses the Group has incurred. 
In case of an acquisition, the Issuer would seek to integrate the acquired companies. However, such integration may require 
considerable personnel capacities and financial resources. For a successful integration, it is also important to integrate the 
portfolios and existing staff of the two companies, connect different company cultures, harmonize IT -Systems and put into 
place common processes for the integrated group. The integration may result in negative effects for contractual or legal 
positions of one of the two groups. 
Finally, there can be no guarantee that all circumstances that are material for the evaluation of the target are known to the Issuer 
prior to an investment decision. Should important, previously unknown, circumstances material for the evaluation of the target 
subsequently occur, this could lead to a deterioration of the economic results of the acquisition. 
The materialization of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the net assets, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
The Issuer may not be able to acquire properties on attractive terms.  
As part of its growth strategy, the Group intends to increase its property portfolio to up to 100,000 residential units and to up 
to 2,000 commercial units by the year 2035. The Issuer expects to achieve such expansion mainly by organically growing the 
portfolio through self-developed and constructed projects and, to lesser part, through acquisitions. In the past, the Issuer has 
completed acquisitions on a case by case basis. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is continuously preparing for 
further acquisitions in the future to implement its growth strategy. 
However, current market conditions make it difficult to complete such property transactions on similar terms as in the past. 
The real estate market in Germany has been characterised by high demand in recent years, as German property prices were 
considered relatively undervalued compared to properties in other countries. As a result, many investors, including numerous 
foreign investors, have increasingly purchased German residential properties. The high investor interest in German real est ate, 
resulting in part from the perceived safety of real estate investments, and the persistently low level of interest rates have caused 
prices for residential real estate to rise in recent year. If the Issuer is unable to acquire suitable properties at attractive terms in 
the future, the Group's external growth potential may be limited.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
The Group is exposed to risks arising from the structural condition of its properties, their maintenance and repair. 
To ensure the safety of residential tenants, sustainable demand for housing and appropriate income in the long term, rental 
properties must satisfy structural requirements and market demand, or be brought into such a condition. If a rental property is 
not maintained in a reasonable condition, this jeopardizes the health and safety of the tenants. The legal framework in Germany 
stipulates that the owner of the property bears the maintenance costs of a rental property. If repairs or improvements are needed 
because of changes in legal or market requirements (in terms of energy-saving measures, for example), the owner can face 
significant costs. 
In Germany, these expenses can only be charged to the tenants as part of the rent under certain conditions and only in the 
amount of a certain percentage of the costs incurred. This means that only a small share of these costs can ultimately be paid 
by the tenants, while the majority must be borne by the owner of the property. In this regard, the Cooperation Agreement 
provides for another limitation that the Group is subject to as it stipulates that only up to 6 % of the modernization costs that 
may in principle be imposed on the tenants, may be charged to by the tenants. Furthermore, it is possible that the Group is 
unable to raise rents to the extent permitted by law or contractual arrangements, whether because of prevailing market 
conditions or because tenants who receive social benefits – such tenants account for a considerable share of the Group’s tenants 
– are not allowed to pay higher rents or for other reasons. 
The Group will incur additional and unexpected costs if the actual costs arising for the maintenance or improvement of its 
properties exceed the Issuer’s estimates, if the Group is not permitted to increase its rents in conjunction with maintenance 
work due to legal or contractual restrictions, or if hidden defects are found during maintenance or improvement work. 
If the Group is unable to perform appropriate maintenance or renovations or if the execution is delayed due to, for example, a 
shortage of suppliers or craftsmen or materials required for maintenance or renovations, this could impair the rental income 
generated by the property in question. Tenants would then be entitled to withhold rental payments, to reduce their rent or even 
to terminate their leases. 
The above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and 
results of operations. 
The Issuer is planning investments in modernization measures which might not achieve the expected positive cash flows.  
In 2021, the Issuer intends to make investments in its real estate portfolio for modernization in a plann ed amount of 
approximately EUR 60 million with an additional investment amount of EUR 150 million until the year 2024. The planned 
modernization measures include improving the energy efficiency of buildings and adapting individual apartments to the needs 
of elder citizens. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the return achieved on the capital invested for such modernization measures will be 
in line with the Issuer’s expectations. In addition, the Issuer’s future projections, according to which demand for apartments 
that are adapted to the needs of elder citizens or smaller households and are energy-efficient will increase, could prove to be 
incorrect or the preferences of customers could change. The management of the Issuer could make investment decisions that 
turn out to be less profitable than expected due to insufficient information or lack of expertise. Furthermore, the Issuer is limited 
by contractual requirements in the selection and scope of modernization measures with regard to its portfolio. For example, the 
Group is only able to pass on the costs of these modernizations to its customers to a limited extent due to the Cooperation 
Agreement. Furthermore, regulatory restrictions such as statutory rent caps may further limit the Group to pass on the costs. In 
addition, the Group’s ability to finance its investment programs through loans or other debt instruments may also be limited 
due to its current or future debt and structure.  
The materialization of one or more of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to extreme weather conditions. 
In recent years, the frequency and impact of extreme weather events and conditions have increased.  
It cannot be excluded that Germany, like other parts of the world, will experience an increasingly frequent occurrence and a 
higher intensity of such events, such as hail damage, heat waves and more severe droughts, heavy rainfall, more intense storms, 
and floods. In the Issuer’s opinion, the real estate business will be affected directly by increased building damage due to extreme 
weather. 
These developments may adversely affect HOWOGE’s business due to a number of reasons, which include the following: 
 
Due to extreme temperature fluctuations, the building structure of its portfolio properties may suffer, which may 
result in significant additional cost for repair. Furthermore, in order to avoid substantial damages in the future, 
HOWOGE could have to invest more funds in the resistance or resilience of buildings or construction sites.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Severe droughts would complicate the upkeep of vegetation areas on HOWOGE’s properties and may result in 
additional costs for irrigation or even the replacement of vegetation areas. 
 
 
New legislation may stipulate stricter building standards such as the requirement of additional retention areas as 
precautionary measure in case of heavy rain in order to avoid a sewerage system overload or the upkeep of vegetation 
areas on public land. 
 
 
Furthermore, the State of Berlin may impose respective obligations for state-owned enterprises only, which would 
represent a disadvantage for the Issuer vis-à-vis its privately held competitors.  
All of these factors may result in higher costs for the maintenance of existing properties and for the construction of new 
properties and the materialization of any of these risks could thus have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group's acquisitions and investments involve risks that may not have been uncovered by prior due diligence or that 
may have been incorrectly evaluated by the Group. 
Before acquiring a property or portfolio of properties, the Group generally performs a due diligence exercise in order to evaluate 
the properties and to identify risks connected with the properties. There can be no assurance as to the adequacy or accuracy of 
information provided during any due diligence exercise or that such information will remain accurate following the conclusion  
of the due diligence exercise until acquisition of the relevant properties. In certain situations the Group may enter into 
transactions with only limited time to conduct due diligence and/or on the basis of limited, missing, inconsistent or incomplete 
information. It is possible that the Group may have overlooked or not received information regarding certain risks, especially 
where transactions were closed under financial, legal or time pressure.  
These risks, among others, relate to title and security searches, planning permissions and conditions, building permits, revisions 
to zoning plans, licences, fire and health and safety certificates and requirements and the compliance with related regulatio ns 
as well as restrictions in connection with historic preservation laws, subsidised housing or contract ual limitations imposed by 
the seller of the respective property that may relate to investment obligations, limitations as to rent increases or other provisions 
for extra-statutory tenant protection.  
In the case of environmental risks, the Group or the original acquirers, as the case may be, may not have been able to undertake 
(or obtain results for) inspections and surveys (including labor and time intensive environmental and asbestos investigations 
and technical surveys) that the Group would otherwise have carried out in the course of comparable acquisitions. In respect of 
certain properties in the Group's portfolio, only limited investigation or review was undertaken prior to purchase as to the 
existence of harmful environmental contamination. Even if supplied with sufficient information, there is no guarantee that the 
Group will be able to correctly evaluate and predict the impact of the risks and information that it receives. It is possible that 
damage or quality defects could remain entirely undiscovered or misunderstood, or that the scope of such problems may not 
be fully apparent in the course of the Group's due diligence exercise, and/or that defects may only become apparent at a later 
time. In general, sellers exclude liability for hidden defects in properties which they sell, which would prevent a claim for any 
loss incurred by the Group in connection with the acquisition of such property. Even if liability for hidden defects has not been 
fully excluded, it is possible that the representations and warranties made by the seller in the course of the sale of the property 
failed to cover all risks and potential problems.  
Accordingly, in the course of acquiring a property portfolio, specific risks might not be or might not have been, recognised or 
correctly evaluated, which could lead to additional costs and could have a material adverse effect on the proceeds from rental 
income and sales of the relevant properties. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Issuer could be exposed to risks resulting from the construction, refurbishment and renovation of school buildings. 
Since 2018, the Issuer is an exclusive partner of the Berlin School Building campaign that intends to reduce the backlog of 
school renovations, build new schools and provide funds for permanent structural maintenance (Berliner Schulbauoffensive, 
“BSO”). As at 30 June 2021, there are in total 38 projects planned, thereof 17 new constructions, 8 modular timber constructions 
and 13 renovations of existing schools, representing a total investment volume by the Issuer of EUR 3 billion until 2028.  
Under the contract model with the State of Berlin, the State of Berlin provides the land ready for construction to the Issuer who 
receives hereditary building rights (Erbbaurecht) for 37 years. The Issuer will be obliged to perform the construction work. 
Debt financing for the construction is intended to be completely provided by bank loans, primarily by Investitionsbank Berlin 
(“IBB”). After completion of the construction, the respective school shall be rented under a lease agreement to the relevant city 
district of Berlin: Thereby, the Issuer will pay the leasehold interest under the hereditary building right to the State of Berlin 
but, in turn, will receive the rent under the lease agreement with the respective city district of Berlin for a term of 25 years.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
After a term of 37 years, the school assets shall be transferred to the State of Berlin. The debt servicing and leasehold interest 
are offset by the rent received by the Issuer from the State of Berlin. The Issuer expects in general a minimum surplus to be 
earned by a management fee (see “Risk Factors relating to the Notes – The Issuers segment School Construction (including all 
assets, liabilities and operational performance) as reported by the Issuer under IFRS has been completely carved -out for 
calculating the Issuer’s compliance with the financial covenants included in the terms and conditions of the Notes.”). 
Although, the Issuer believes that the Group will only face minor financial, development or operational risks from school 
construction under the contractual arrangement with the State of Berlin, the Issuer cannot exclude that the general development 
risks as described under “– The Group could be exposed to risks resulting from its project development business” may 
materialize. In addition, payments under the lease agreement between the Issuer and the respective school authority serve as 
collateral under loan agreements with banks financing the construction of the respective school building. The State of Berlin 
waives the right to withhold lease payments in case of non-performance or defective performance (Verzicht auf die Einreden 
der Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung) in favor of the financing banks. However, the Issuer remains obliged to fulfil its obligations 
as constructor and lessor of the respective building. In that case, the Issuer may suffer financial damages. 
A poor implementation of or significant delays in the school-related development projects may harm the reputation of the 
Group and may distract or delay management from implementing other projects and/or the strategy of the Group. In this context, 
the consequences of these risks if they materialize may be aggravated by the fact that in the Issuer’s view, in particular, school 
building projects are under close observation by the public. 
A failure to implement a schoolbuilding project properly or in time may thus have material adverse effects on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations 
The Group has received subsidies from public banks that restrict the level of rents chargeable on a part of the Group’s 
portfolio. Providers of the subsidized loans may also unilaterally exercise their rights to increase the rate of interest payable 
on such loans.  
The Group received grants from public banks in particular in the form of repayment bonuses and low-interest loans that impose 
certain limitations on the Group. As at 30 June 2021, the Group had received such subsidized loans that carry a book value of 
EUR 75.1 million with a nominal value of EUR 87.4 million.  
The public bodies granting subsidized loans impose maximum rent levels on the properties constructed, acquired or modernized 
using such loans. The subsidies are subject to certain conditions. If the Group becomes unable to meet those conditions or 
violates them, it may have to pay interests or subsidies may even be subject to revocation (e.g. in the case of not meeting rent 
restrictions). Although the rent levels set by the public bodies are significantly below current market rents for a number of rent-
restricted residential units, it may be difficult to increase rents to market levels after the expiration of subsidy restrictions 
because of the lack of tenants who are willing or able to pay market level rents for such properties.  
If the Group fails to adapt its rent levels to market rent levels after the expiration of the subsidized loans, or if the lenders 
exercise their rights to increase interest rates and the Group is not in a position to adjust rents accordingly, this could h ave 
material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group comprises certain service units dealing, inter alia, with project management, maintenance and repair services 
as well as heating and energy services for which it has recruited a number of employees. This group structure increases the 
Group’s personnel expenses and other fixed costs and continues to pose a management challenge. 
The Group comprises certain service units to ensure comprehensive property management with the objective of improving 
customer satisfaction and targeting cost savings through savings on margins previously charged by third-party providers. In 
this context, the Group hired a number of employees, which increased personnel expenses and other fixed costs. 
Further, the described structure places a strain on the Group’s management and administrative, operational and financial 
infrastructure. The Group’s ability to manage its operations and growth requires the continuous improvement of operational, 
financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Additionally, if, as a result of business or economic 
conditions, the Group was to scale down its business operations, it would be substantially more difficult for the Group to reduce 
its headcount than to reduce the services provided by third-party contractors.  
Any of these circumstances could result in higher costs than expected. The Group may not be able to compensate for these 
increased costs by generating the targeted savings. Despite existing quality control procedures, the quality of the facility 
management services rendered by the Group’s own employees could fall below the level of the services previously performed 
by third-party contractors and reduce the attractiveness of the Group’s properties. As a consequence, the Group may face claims 
from its tenants or may not be in a position to re-let vacant units that require maintenance and modernization before new tenants 
can move in. Since these tasks are performed within the Group, the Group may not be in a position to claim compensation for 
damages from third parties resulting from non-performance or improper performance by the Group’s service organization. The 
materialization of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Damage to the Group’s reputation and inadequate customer satisfaction may result in reduced demand for the Group’s 
residential units and may make it more difficult for the Group to raise capital on favorable terms or at all. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its reputation and level of customer service, its customer satisfaction and demand for its 
services and properties could suffer. In particular, harm to the Group’s reputation could make it more difficult for the Group to 
rent out its residential units and could lead to delays in rental payments or the termination of tenancy agreements by its tenants.  
Any reputational damage due to the Group’s inability to meet customer service expectations could limit its ability to retain 
existing and attract new customers. Furthermore, harm to the Group’s reputation could impair the Group’s ability to raise 
capital on favorable terms or at all. Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group could be exposed to risks from residual pollution including wartime ordnance, soil conditions and contaminants 
in building materials, as well as possible building regulation violations.  
It is possible that the properties the Group owns or acquires may contain soil contamination, hazardous materials, other residual 
pollution, or wartime ordnances (possibly even unexploded ordnances).  
In addition, in the case of properties being sold, the Group may be held responsible by the competent authorities to carry out 
on-site remediation of this residual pollution with respect to such properties. The discovery of further residual pollution or risks 
associated with wartime ordnances, particularly in connection with the lease of properties, may also lead to claims for rent or 
purchase price reductions, damages and other breach of warranty claims or lease terminations. 
The Group’s business is also exposed to risks associated with noncompliance with building codes or environmental regulations. 
These regulations are often implemented retroactively, affecting previously acquired properties. In such cases, the Group may  
be required to modernize existing buildings so that they comply with these stricter standards. Even though the Issuer conducts 
inspections in connection with the acquisition of individual properties, there is a risk that building codes or environmental 
regulations were not complied with. Such non-compliance may also harm the Group’s reputation. 
The materialization of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash 
flow and results of operations. 
The Group could sustain substantial losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance policies. 
The properties held by the Group are insured against losses due to fire, flooding, earthquakes and other natural hazards as well 
as terrorism to the extent it deems usual and required for its business. The respective insurance policies are subject to exclusions 
and limitations of liability. The Group may, therefore, have limited or no coverage relating to third-party liability, other natural 
disasters and other environmental risks or war. The Group may also have limited or no coverage relat ing to inflation, changes 
in planning laws or regulations, building codes and ordinances, title defects and defective construction. In addition, the Group’s 
insurance providers could become insolvent. The Group also does not maintain separate funds or otherwise set aside reserves 
to cover losses or third-party claims from uninsured events. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of the respective 
insurance limits occur, the Group could lose capital invested in the affected property as well as anticipat ed income and capital 
appreciation from that property. In such circumstances, the Group may incur further costs in connection with the repair of 
damage caused by uninsured risks. The Group could also remain liable for any debt or other financial obligation related to such 
property. Thus, the Group may experience material losses in excess of insurance proceeds, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group may face difficulties to replace key personnel if it loses them, in particular, since competitors of the Issuer may 
offer higher salaries. 
The success of the Group depends to a high extent on the performance of its management executives and qualified employees 
in key positions. This refers to employees active in the management activities of the Group with substantial expertise as to the 
sourcing of new property portfolios and the modernization of real estate. The loss of one or more members of the management 
or other key employees of the Group could impair the ability to manage the operations of the Group effectively, if the Group 
fails to attract new highly qualified management executives or qualified employees in key positions. In this regard, the Issuer 
competes with privately owned real estate companies that often offer higher salaries than the Issuer as a state-owned company.  
The failure to provide the necessary management resources or to replace key employees may have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations of the Group. 
Damage or interruptions to the Group’s information technology system could lead to diminished data security and limit the 
Group’s business operations. 
The Group's proprietary information technology system is an important facilitator of the Group’s business optimization strategy 
and essential for its business operations and success. Any interruptions in, failures of or damage to this information technology 
system could lead to business process delays or interruptions. If the Group’s information technology system was to fail and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
back-ups were not available, the Group would have to recreate existing databases, which would be time-consuming and 
expensive. The Group may also have to expend additional funds and resources to protect against or to remedy potential or 
existing security breaches and related consequences. Any malfunction or impairment of the Group's computer systems could 
interrupt its operations, lead to increased costs and may result in lost revenue or fines with regard to possible violations of data 
protection regulations (see “– Regulatory and Legal Risks – The Group is exposed to risks from possible violations of data 
protection regulations.”). The Group cannot guarantee that anticipated and/or recognized malfunctions can be avoided by 
appropriate preventative security measure in every case. 
Damage to, malfunction or interruptions in the Group’s information technology system could therefore have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations of the Group. 
The risk management system of the Group may prove to be partially or completely insufficient or fail so that unknown, 
unrecognized or unexpected risks may materialize. 
The Group has a risk management system, which has developed risk management strategies and processes tailored to the 
business of the Group. These are continually updated and are particularly designed to monitor market risk, liquidity and 
financial risk, operational risk, organizational risk and the risk of reputational damage. The Group could be faced with risks 
that have been underestimated or not previously detected. Inappropriate risk management measures may cause irregularities 
leading to official investigations or third-party claims against the Group, which in turn could have financial, reputational and 
other consequences, as well as negative effects on its business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group’s property portfolio contains some commercial units, which are subject to different risks than its residential 
rental units. 
As at 30 June 2021, 3.6 % (by sqm) of the Group’s properties contain a total of 1,035 commercial units (including owner-
occupied units) with a total lettable area of 149,317 sqm. The commercial portion of the Group’s portfolio accounted for 4.4 % 
of its rental income as at 30 June 2021 (compared to approximately 3.3 % of its rental income as of 31 December 2020). As 
part of its growth strategy, the Group intends to increase its property portfolio to up to 2,000 commercial units by the year 2035 
(see “– The benefits that the Group may realize from acquisitions and takeovers could be materially different from  the Issuer’s 
expectations and the integration of acquired companies may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve higher 
costs than expected or require more resources than initially planned.”). 
The Group’s commercial units compete with other commercial properties in the respective neighborhood, demand for such 
units is location-specific, which may result in lower demand relative to residential units and may lead to prolonged or permanent 
vacancies. In terms of rent, the risk is more concentrated as lease contracts regarding commercial units usually feature higher 
rents compared to lease contracts regarding residential units. In addition, the re-letting of a commercial unit generally takes 
longer than the re-letting of a residential unit. Also, in the event of an economic crisis the demand for commercial units is 
adversely affected earlier than the demand for residential units.  
The materialization of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group is also subject to financial reporting obligations under German GAAP and financial information may differ 
from those under IFRS. 
In addition to the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, the Issuer also prepares individual 
and consolidated financial statements in accordance with German accounting standards (German GAAP) under the German 
Commercial Code which may differ in material respect from financial information presented in accordance with IFRS. As the 
financial information presented in this Base Prospectus are based on IFRS, investors should note in particular that information 
published by the Issuer from time to time on its portfolio and/or financial performance may also refer to German GAAP and 
may therefore differ from financial information presented in accordance with IFRS. 
The Issuance of Notes will impose additional accounting and regulatory obligations on the Issuer. 
In the event of the issuance of Notes under the Programme and their admission to trading on a regulated market, the Issuer will 
be treated as a so called capital-markets-oriented corporation within the meaning of Section 264d of the German Commercial 
Code (HGB). As a result, the Issuer will subject to the mandatory accounting requirements that exceed its current reporting 
and financial disclosure requirements. In addition, the Issuer will have to comply with various capital markets related 
regulation, e.g. the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG) and the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR). Such obligations may 
entail further risks, require additional personnel and may result in higher costs. Any failure to comply with applicable regulation 
or additional personell expenses could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position, cash flows 
and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Risks related to the Valuation of the Group’s Properties 
Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and subject to uncertainties and based on assumptions that may prove to be 
inaccurate. It is therefore possible that the valuation report and the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus 
incorrectly assess the value of the Group’s properties. 
The valuation of the Group’s properties is a part of the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements under 
IFRS. However, the valuation of real estate (like any valuation exercise) is inherently subjective and based on assumptions that 
could later prove to be incorrect. 
The valuation report contained in this Base Prospectus and printed here on pages V-1 et seq. has been prepared to determine 
the fair value of the Group's existing portfolio. The valuation report is based on standard valuation approaches and represent 
the opinion of the independent expert (i.e. the “External Valuer” as defined by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors’ 
Valuation – Global Standards 2020) who prepared the report. The valuation report is based on assumptions, which, as is 
customary with such valuations, have only been verified by random samplings. In valuing a property, an appraiser may consider  
factors such as real estate tax rates, operating expenses, potential environmental liabilities and t he risks associated with certain 
construction materials, in addition to expected rental income, the property's condition and its historic vacancy level. In addition, 
property valuations may be based on assumptions or models that may not be correct or may contain mistakes. 
The property valuation contained in the valuation report is based on a variety of factors that are also reflected in the subjective 
evaluations of the Group. In particular, these factors take into account the general market environment, in terest rates, and the 
situation on the rental market and developments onsite. Important assumptions used by independent real estate appraisers are 
based on information prepared by the Group, such as vacancy rates, average rental periods and current rental income. The 
valuation report is therefore based in part on assumptions as to events that have not yet occurred at the time the property was 
valued. A change in the factors taken into account and the assumptions used may lead to lower valuation results. If any of the 
assumptions assumed by the real estate appraisers later prove to be incorrect because the circumstances underlying the 
assumption do not occur, this can have a material adverse effect on the fair value of the respective property. Generally, the 
further back the valuation date of a valuation report, the greater the risk that the values determined therein may have changed 
due to a wide variety of factors. 
The property valuation is therefore subject to many uncertainties. Furthermore, there is the possibility that valuation methods 
that are currently generally accepted and that were applied in the preparation of the valuation are later found to be inadequate. 
Even the assumptions underlying earlier or future appraisals can later be found to be erroneous. An adverse change, or a 
mistake, in one of the assumptions used or factors considered in valuing a property can decrease the assessed value of the 
property. 
Some of the development rights held by the Group are valued using a residual value model, based on various factors such as 
expected rent of the property or sale price of the completed units, operational expenses after completion, construction costs, 
timing of construction, financing expenses during the development stage and after completion, capitalization rates and 
assumptions on utilization and approval of building rights. Any change in the assumptions used or factors considered in valuing 
these development rights may lead to a change in the fair value of such development rights, which may result in a write down 
of the value of such rights for the relevant accounting periods. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures to contain the virus itself have a negative impact on t he global economy and could 
thus negatively affect the real estate market and hence the fair values of the Issuer’s property portfolio. Consequently, the 
Issuer’s most recent financial statements may not reflect declines in the value of its property portfo lio or development rights 
that may have occurred since the date reflected in the most recent financial statements or valuation reports.  
Furthermore, changes in the legal environment of the rental market may have a significant impact on the value of the property 
portfolio (see “– Regulatory and Legal Risks – The housing market is strictly regulated and the Group is subject to regulations 
in Germany in general and in the State of Berlin in particular. The overall trend is towards increasing rent regulations and 
may result in rental income falling or rents not rising to the expected level.”). 
The values that are attributed to the properties appraised in existing consolidated financial statements or valuations reports 
contained in this Base Prospectus or those published in the future could exceed the proceeds that the Group can generate from 
the potential sale of such properties. The valuation of properties is therefore not necessarily indicative of the future or currently 
possible selling price of the Group’s properties or its property portfolio. 
Any revaluation of the Issuer’s portfolio could also cause the fair values determined for the respective valuation date to fall 
short of the book values of the relevant properties, resulting in a fair value loss. Under such circumstances, the Issuer would be 
required to immediately write down the value of the relevant properties for the relevant accounting period. 
Inaccurate appraisals in conjunction with the valuation of properties or property portfolios and other unforeseeable events could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of the Group.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Financial Risks 
If the Issuer or other Group companies breach financial covenants or other provisions in connection with any bonds, notes 
or other financial instruments or under any loan agreements, the Issuer or the respective Group company may be required 
to pay higher interest or fully repay the relevant bonds, notes or loans before they become due, and security trustees or 
creditors could seize or realize significant collateral furnished by the Group. 
The holders of bonds and notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer and the Group’s lenders are entitled to terminate their 
financing agreements and bonds or notes, as applicable, if the Issuer or Group companies breach material contractual terms 
and are not in a position to cure such breaches. The terms of the existing loan agreements and of the bonds and notes require, 
in particular, that the Issuer and/or the respective Group company complies with certain financial covenants, such as a 
maximum loan-to-value ratio, secured loan to value ratio, interest coverage ratios, and a minimum ratio of unencumbered 
properties. A failure to comply with such financial covenants or other material terms of the financing agreements and the bonds 
and notes could have severe consequences, including that: 
 
the lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, and their respective representatives 
may have the right to terminate the relevant loan agreement or the bonds or notes, and the outstanding amounts could 
become immediately due and payable; 
 
 
other lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, could be entitled to terminate their 
financing agreements or bonds or notes with the Issuer or the respective Group company as a result of cross-default 
or cross-acceleration provisions; or 
 
 
the lenders may be entitled to extraordinary (partial) prepayments or higher interest rates and the bondholders or 
noteholders could be entitled to require the Issuer or the respective Group company to redeem, in whole or in part, 
the bonds and notes, as applicable, at their principal amount including accrued interest; in addition, the Group may 
be liable for damages, prepayment penalties or other fines. 
 
 
If the bonds, notes, other debt instruments or one or more of the Group’s other loans should become due as a result 
of an early termination or cross-default, the Group might be unable to refinance its liabilities as they become due or 
might be able to do so only on less favorable terms. 
 
 
To secure its financial liabilities, the Issuer or the respective Group company, under certain loan agreements, has 
provided land charges and mortgages on properties owned by the Group and has assigned, as security, claims under 
tenancy and leasing agreements, potential insurance claims and potential claims under real estate sales programmes. 
The Issuer has also pledged or agreed to pledge shares in certain Group companies as well as bank accounts to 
lenders. If the Issuer or the respective Group company is unable to perform the obligations under its financing 
agreements, the respective lenders could seize and realize collateral, including real estate, pledged shares and bank 
accounts, without further negotiations. This could cause the Group to lose parts of its real estate portfolio in a forced 
sale on economically unfavorable terms. Contractual restrictions limit the right to voluntarily sell properties ahead 
of a forced sale, which could have an amplified negative effect of such forced sale. 
 
 
Less than 2 % of all residential real estate units owned by the Group were built on the basis of hereditary building 
rights (Erbbaurechte). The consent of the freeholders is required for a registration of land charges and mortgages on 
these units as well as for their sale. Although the freeholders are legally required to grant such consent if and to the 
extent a requested encumbrance does not exceed a customary level (and in case of a sale, if the purchaser of the 
building to which the hereditary building right relates is also able and willing to fulfil the obligations under the 
hereditary building right), it is difficult and time-consuming to actually obtain these consents or to obtain them in the 
requested amount.  
The materialization of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.  
The Group is dependent on its credit rating to pursue its financing strategy. 
On 11 October 2021, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has assigned the long-term credit rating “AA-”1 (outlook stable) 
to the Issuer and on 11 October 2021, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") has assigned the long-term credit rating 
                                                             
1 Fitch defines “ AA-" as follows: “AA-” ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. The rating is modified by the addition of a minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the rating category.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
“A”2 and a short-term credit rating “A-1”3 (outlook stable). 
If the Group were to lose its credit rating, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly more 
expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. Rating agencies could downgrade the Group for different reasons, 
which include the following: 
 
The relationship to and the support from the Issuer’s governmental shareholder deteriorates. This support is 
significant since, for rating purposes, the likelihood of both ordinary/routine and exceptional support to the Group 
by the government is considered a material aspect for the Group’s business and financial stability. If, for example, 
the situation of the housing market in Berlin would ease, the State of Berlin could reduce the support of HOWOGE, 
no longer recognizing HOWOGE as systematically relevant. The same result may materialize if the political agenda 
is modified due to a change in government. It cannot be excluded that politicians or political parties may regard 
HOWOGE’s business as less significant and may therefore reduce or terminate the support for HOWOGE. 
 
The State of Berlin in its capacity as sole shareholder for political or other reasons decides to give instructions to the 
management of the Issuer that have or may have unfavorable effects on the Group’s business since they are not driven 
by economic, but political purposes (see: “Risks related to the Group’s Business Activities – The Issuer is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin that may issue instructions to the Issuer’s management or may otherwise 
exercise material influence on HOWOGE thereby implementing political decisions, which may conflict with the 
interests of the Group or the Issuer’s creditors”). 
 
As the investment grade rating of the State of Berlin is the basis for the rating of the Issuer, a downgrade of the State 
of Berlin would immediately lead to a downgrading of the Issuer. 
 
The Group’s assets or the Group’s debt-service or interest coverage ratio falls below certain values. It cannot be 
excluded that the valuation of the Group’s real estate properties and therefore on its assets would be negatively 
affected, e.g., by the COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by authorities to mitigate the crisis and the resulting 
economic implications. Negative revaluations in the future, could have an impact on the Group’s ability to leverage 
key performance indicators, and could in turn, adversely impact the Group’s credit rating. 
 
The Group’s leverage ratio exceeds certain values.  
 
The Group is unable to keep or render sufficient values of its assets unencumbered.  
 
The Group increases its development activities (see: “– The Group could be exposed to risks resulting from its project 
development business.”). 
 
The residential real estate market in Germany deteriorates in general.  
If any of the risks described above were to materialize, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue its current financing 
strategy, which could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
If the Group is unable to obtain the financing on the capital and credit markets at attractive terms needed for the 
implementation of further acquisitions, its business development and competitiveness may be constrained in the future. 
If the Group is unable to obtain the necessary financing on the capital and credit markets at attractive terms, the Group might 
be unable to make further acquisitions, or may be able to do so only to a limited extent or, if debt financing is available, may 
only be able to do so by taking on additional debt. Any additional debt raised in connection with future acquisitions may have 
a significant negative effect on the Group's loan-to-value ratio ("Net LTV-Ratio", i.e., the ratio of the total net financial 
liabilities to the value of investment properties plus non-current assets held for sale and land and buildings held for sale). If the 
Issuer is no longer able to obtain the type of debt financing that is necessary to acquire additional real estate portfolios, or if 
the Issuer is able to do so only on onerous terms, its business development and competitiveness may be constrained in the 
future (see “Risks related to the acquisiton of the New Portfolio – The acquisition of the New Portfolio involves risks. The 
materialization of risks related to the acquisition of the New Portfolio could have material adverse effects on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.”). 
The Group has a substantial level of debt and its ability to repay existing debt with loans and other debt instruments could 
be limited. It may be difficult or expensive to obtain new sources of financing. 
The Group has a substantial level of debt. The nominal amount of the Group’s outstanding financial indebtedness was 
                                                             
2 S&P defines “A” as follows: An obligation rated “A” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions 
than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. 
3 S&P defines “A-1” as follows: A short-term obligation rated “A-1” is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on these obligations is extremely strong.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
approximately EUR 2.4 billion as at 30 June 2021. The Group will have to refinance an amount of approximately EUR 221 
million over the next five years. 
The Group intends to refinance maturing debt with new bonds, notes and loans (or by extending the maturity of such debt). 
However, the Group’s ability to repay existing financial obligations by raising new debt capital (or by extending the maturity 
of existing debt) could be limited, for example, as a result of market conditions, the Group’s business condition or the level of 
debt of the Issuer or of other Group companies. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
Risks related to the acquisiton of the New Portfolio 
The acquisition of the New Portfolio involves risks. The materialization of risks related to the acquisition of the New 
Portfolio could have material adverse effects on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
On 16 and 17 September 2021 the Issuer entered into various agreements relating to the purchase and acquisition of real estate 
properties representing 8,267 residential units with a total area of 575,000 sqm in various districts of Berlin (the "New 
Portfolio"). The New Portfolio comprises real estate properties and hereditary building rights. The total purchase price for the 
New Portfolio was set on a preliminary basis, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and is expected to result in a 
cash payment obligation of the Issuer of EUR 1.33 billion which is expected to become due for payment on 3 January 2022. 
The preliminary purchase price is subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The transfer of ownership of the New 
Portfolio is expected for the beginning of January 2022 respectively. The acquisition of the New Portfolio is subject to 
customary closing conditions, such as merger control approval, which are expected to be fulfilled within the year 2021. The 
acquisition of the New Portfolio would increase the Issuer’s residential real estate portfolio to more than 73,000 residential 
units. The acquisition of the New Portfolio is part of a wider transaction in which three housing companies owned by the State 
of Berlin, including the Issuer, are purchasing a total of 14,000 residential units in Berlin from entities under the control of 
Vonovia SE and Deutsche Wohnen SE, two large stock-listed German residential real estate companies.  
The Issuer cannot guarantee that the acquisition of the New Portfolio will be successful or will yield benefits that are sufficient 
to justify the expenses the Issuer has incurred or will incur in relation to the acquisition of the New Portfolio. The 
implementation of the acquisition of the New Portfolio also involves the risks that the purchase price to be paid for the New 
Portfolio may be considered too high and the New Portfolio’s financial or operational performance may not develop as 
expected, or revenues, earnings and cash flow goals pursued by way of the acquisition of the New Portfolio may not be met. 
In addition, the acquisition of the New Portfolio is subject to a number of risks, including: 
 
The agreements entered into with the sellers for the acquisition of the New Portfolio only provide for limited recourse 
against the sellers in the event of defects of the properties of the New Portfolio. While under such agreements the 
sellers shall be liable for breaches of representations and warranties made with respect to ownership and title of the 
real estate comprising the New Portfolio, it was agreed that the sellers shall not be liable for any environmental 
damages or other defects in the properties. In addition, the Issuer agreed to indemnify the sellers if they are held 
liable for damages, such as environmental damages, arising in connection with the New Portfolio in their capacity as 
previous owners. It cannot be ruled out that the properties have undetected defects that have not been taking into 
consideration for the purpose of purchase price calculation on the side of t he Issuer.  
 
Although the Issuer conducted a comprehensive legal, technical, and economic and due diligence review with respect 
to the New Portfolio, it cannot be ruled out that important circumstances material for the evaluation of the New 
Portfolio were not disclosed or detected, and therefore were not reflected in the evaluation of the New Portfolio. 
Should important, previously unknown, circumstances material for the evaluation of the New Portfolio become 
known, this could lead to a deterioration of the economic results of the acquisition.  
 
Some of the properties of the New Portfolio require modernisation, refurbishment and repair and maintenance due 
to their age and due to harmful building materials. The Issuer has budgeted for remediation costs to eliminate short-
, medium- and long-term maintenance costs and from harmful building materials (spread over 7 years from 2024) 
and in addition included in its long-term corporate planning a budget framework for contingencies (spread over 10 
years from 2022), totalling an aggregate amount of EUR 123 million. It cannot be ruled out that the budgeted amounts 
will not be sufficient and that the measures will be more expensive than expected which may result in additional 
costs.  
 
The integration of the New Portfolio may require significant personnel capacities and financial resources and may 
generate unexpected costs. For example, as a result of the purchase of the New Portfolio, all data must be imported 
from the previous owner's data system into HOWOGE's IT-system. The integration is expected to take several years 
and will require substantial financial efforts of HOWOGE. Additionally, services rendered by HOWOGE to its

--- Page 24 ---
24 
properties must be expanded to the acquired properties or, as the case may be, the property managemen t structures 
of the New Portfolio must be integrated into the existing services of HOWOGE. This integration into the existing 
structures of HOWOGE may be further complicated by the fact that some of the properties are located in West Berlin, 
thus softening HOWOGE's regional focus on Lichtenberg and neighbouring districts. This may reduce efficiency of 
HOWOGE's logistics in this regard. The integration of the New Portfolio could also require a larger amount of time 
and attention than originally anticipated and could significantly divert management's attention from other 
responsibilities (see also “Risks related to the Group’s Business Activities – The benefits that the Group may realize 
from acquisitions and takeovers could be materially different from the Issuer’s expectations and the integration of 
acquired companies may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve higher costs than expected or 
require more resources than initially planned.”). 
 
On 17 September 2021 the Issuer entered into a bridge loan credit facility (“Bridge Facility Agreement”). In 
particular this facility may be used to finance the payment of the purchase price and the transaction costs of the New 
Portfolio. The Issuer intends to make draw-downs under the Bridge Facility Agreement only if it does not obtain 
prior financing through the issuance of Notes under the Programme or if the proceeds from such issuances at the 
relevant time are not sufficient to finance the acquisition of the New Portfolio in full. 
There can however be no assurance that any full or partial financing of the acquisition of the New Portfolio via the 
utilisation of the Bridge Facility Agreement will be successful. The funds available under the Bridge Facility 
Agreement may only be drawn by the Issuer if certain conditions are met and certain documentation requirements 
are satisfied. It is possible that the conditions for drawdowns under the Bridge Facility Agreement will not be satisfied 
in a timely manner. In addition, prior to disbursement, it is possible that  a material ground for termination will occur 
with respect to the Bridge Facility Agreement and the Bridge Facility Agreement will be terminated. This would 
result in the funds available under the Bridge Facility no longer being available to finance the acquisition of the New 
Portfolio. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in the failure of the acquisition of the New Portfolio  
 
Should the Issuer make draw-downs under the Bridge Facility Agreement, the Issuer is planning to replace any 
financing drawn under the Bridge Facility Agreement by the issuance of Notes under this Programme. Any issuance 
of Notes will be dependent on then prevailing capital market conditions and there can be no assurance that these 
refinancing transactions will be completed successfully or that the Issuer will be able to obtain the favourable 
conditions anticipated. In the event, the Issuer has drawn down funds under the Bridge Facility Agreement and does 
not succeed issuing Notes under the Programme, the Issuer would have to access alternative financing sources.  
 
In connection with the acquisition, its preparation, the financing of the New Portfolio and its integration into 
HOWOGE, the Issuer expects to incur significant one-off costs in the amount of approximately EUR 40 million, of 
which approximately EUR 27.5 million are expected to impact the results of the financial year 2021 and of which a 
low double-digit million amount is expected to impact the result of the financial year 2022. It cannot be ruled out 
that project costs with respect to the New Portfolio will be higher than originally anticipated.  
The materialization of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the net assets, financial condition 
and results of operations of HOWOGE. 
Regulatory and Legal Risks 
The housing market is strictly regulated and the Group is subject to regulations in Germany in general and in the State of 
Berlin in particular. The overall trend is towards increasing rent regulations and may result in rental income falling or 
rents not rising to the expected level. 
Under German federal law, lessors have limited options for raising rents on existing leases. If the parties to leases have not 
agreed on graduated rent (Staffelmiete), only permissible within certain limits) or a rent index (Indexmiete) and the tenant 
rejects a change in the lease, a unilateral rent increase is only possible within the certain limits. With lease agreements t hat are 
not subject to rent control (such as by public subsidies regulations) the landlord, not having agreed a graduated rent or an index 
rent (Staffelmiete oder Indexmiete), may increase the rent up to locally prevailing comparative rent levels if the rent has 
remained unchanged for the 15 months preceding the intended increase. As a rule, however, rents can only be increased by 
20 % – or 15 % in many municipalities in Germany, including Berlin – over three years and only up to the locally prevailing 
comparative levels of rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete).  
Moreover, subject to the legal or contractual requirements, in the event of modernization work that, for example, sustainably 
(i) saves on energy or (ii) reduces water consumption or (iii) increases the value in use of the rented premises the lessor can 
pass on the costs to the tenants by increasing the annual rent by currently up to 8 % of the costs incurred. Further, if the relevant 
apartment is subsidized, any modernization shall be in line with the standards of government subsidized apartment buildings 
(geförderte Wohnungsbaumaßnahmen). As a result, the Group may not undertake luxury modernizations to increase the rent, 
otherwise the public loans or grants received in connection with subsidized housing might have to be paid back and fines up to

--- Page 25 ---
25 
EUR 5.00 per month and sqm of the residential unit to which the violation relates might be charged for the duration of the 
violation.  
Agreeing on an excessive rent is an administrative offence if the tenant proofs that a landlord is utilizing a small supply of 
comparable housing units and demands rents of 20 % or more above the local comparative rent (§ 5 Wirtschaftsstrafgesetz - 
Economic Criminal Law). Fines are possible up to EUR 50,000. A draft bill passed at the end of 2019 is still in the German 
Parliament (Bundestag) for discussion (BT-Drucksache 19/16397). According to the draft, it would be sufficient for the tenant 
to objectively prove that there is a low supply of comparable housing units. Fines would be possible up to EUR 100,000.  
As from 1 January 2019 the Tenancy Adjustment Act (Mietrechtsanpassungsgesetz) became effective. According to the 
regulation, landlords are obliged to provide a tenant with unsolicited information about the previously agreed rent before 
entering into the lease contract if the rent is to be more than 10 % above the relevant locally prevailing comparative rent level. 
Upon request of the tenant, the landlord is furthermore obliged to provide information about facts decisive for the admissibility 
of the agreed rent, insofar as such facts are not generally accessible and the landlord can easily provide such information. In 
the event of a breach of the statutory limitation with regard to the rent for new lease agreements (Mietpreisbremse), the tenant 
may reclaim the overpaid rent retroactively. In addition, a landlord can only allocate costs of modernization measures to tenants 
of residential units by increasing the annual rent in the amount of 8 % of the cost accrued and only to a maximum of EUR 3.00  
per sqm (respectively EUR 2.00 per sqm split, if the actual rent amounts is less than EUR 7.00 per sqm) over a period of six 
years. For modernization measures that cost a maximum of EUR 10,000.00, there is an option for a simplified procedure. A 
breach of duty on the part of the landlord is presumed if it does not commence with the modernization measure within twelve 
months of notification or if the works are suspended for more than twelve months after commencement, if it announces a rent 
increase of at least 100 % or if the measures are carried out in such a way that the tenant is considerably burdened. If the 
landlord cannot disprove this presumption, tenants may be entitled to damages. Additionally, a targeted modernization in order 
to induce tenants to terminate the lease (Herausmodernisierung) constitutes an administrative offence which can be punished 
with a fine of up to EUR 100,000.00. 
Changes to the legal framework at the level of the European Union, in Germany or in the State of Berlin could have a further 
negative impact on the Group’s ability to implement rent increases. Affordable housing is still a political issue that receives a 
great deal of attention. It is impossible to predict whether and to what extent the challenges caused by the general shortage of 
housing supply will affect the legal framework for landlords.  
An example of such changes is the Berlin Rent Limitation Law passed by the Berlin Senate (Berliner Senat) providing for a 
rent cap (Mietendeckel), which entered into force on 23 February 2020, but was declared null and void by the Federal 
Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht, “BVerfG”) on 15 April 2021. The rent cap consisted of three central 
instruments: a rent freeze, the introduction of rent ceilings and that rents in relation of existing lease agreements under certain 
conditions had to be reduced by the landlord to the applicable rent limit . While the Berlin Rent Limitation Law has been 
declared null and void for a lack of competence of the State of Berlin to pass the law, it cannot be ruled out that attempts may 
be made, e.g. at the level of the Federal Republic of Germany, to introduce identical or similar provisions introducing 
limitations as to rent levels. Due to the decision of the BVerfG, the rents reduced on the basis of the rent cap must be repaid 
and are due upon knowledge of the BVerfG decision. As a result, tenants may fail to meet their related payment obligations 
towards the Group in whole or in part (e.g. in case their savings are not sufficient to pay the required amounts).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a citizens' initiative (Bürgerinitiative) in Berlin is attempting to force a request through 
by means of a referendum to request to the Senate to undertake measures to expropriate and force large privately owned 
companies holding more than 3,000 residential units to transfer all or parts of their housing stock located in Berlin to the state 
of Berlin in exchange for compensation.  
The referendum took place on 26 September 2021. The referendum was successful, as 56.3 % of Berlin's eligible votes were 
cast in favor of the referendum. Even though the citizens' initiative has not put a bill to vote but has merely formulated a request 
to the Senate – which is not legally binding to the Senate – it cannot be ruled out that the Senate will follow the request. It is 
now expected that the Senate will start the leagislative process of drafting a bill to implement the referendum. As legal experts 
have pointed out that it is very unlikely that the requested measures would be constitutional under German law, it is uncertain, 
if and when a bill aiming at expropriation of private real estate companies will come into force. Even if a bill was passed by 
the Berlin parliament, it is still highly uncertain if the enforcement of such a law would not be held violating the German 
constitution.  
Should a respective law be passed and held constitutional by the German constitutional court and and expropriations would 
take place subsequently, it can also not be ruled out that HOWOGE as a public housing company is not subject to the request 
of the referendum would have to acquire real estate portfolios on a large scale. Whether and to what extent sufficient financial 
resources are available for this at HOWOGE level in such a scenario cannot be reliably predicted at the present time. The same 
applies to the possible provision of equity capital by the State of Berlin. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that HOWOGE in 
such a scenario would be required to purchase real estate at fair value while at the same time would keep rents at their current 
level or even lower them.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Additional or tighter rental regulations could lead to lower rental revenues, fewer costs that may be apportioned to tenants 
and/or decrease the value of the Group’s properties, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net 
assets, financial position and results of operations. 
HOWOGE is subject to strict rules or prohibitions of apportion operating or maintenance and repair costs. Due to the 
current political discussion, it is expected that HOWOGE will be subject to the risk of further regulations regarding the 
allocation of ancillary cost items in the future. 
In general, apportioning operating costs to tenants requires a clause in the lease agreement stipulating explicitly and specifically 
which operating costs shall be borne by the tenant. In most cases, such clause must also fulfil the legal requirements regarding 
general terms and conditions (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen). The costs for maintenance and repair (Instandhaltung und 
Instandsetzung) cannot be passed on to residential tenants. Acquisition costs, e.g. for smoke detectors, are considered 
maintenance costs and can therefore not be passed on to the tenants. Operating costs (Betriebskosten) in the sense of current 
expenses may be passed on to residential tenants, however, there is a tendency to further limit the possibility to pass on certain 
costs.  
In particular, there are ongoing discussions within the German federal government to end the current possibility of allocating 
property tax (Grundsteuer) to tenants. The same applies to the question whether – and to what extent – price increases for 
heating and power due to the new carbon tax may be passed on from the landlord to the tenants. Furthermore, an amendment 
to the Telecommunication Act (Telekommunikationsgesetz) is planned to enter into force on 1 December 2021, according to 
which landlords´costs for basic TV service via broadband networks cannot be passed on to the tenant in the future. 
These factors, and possibly future regulations regarding the allocation of ancillary cost items to the detriment of landlords, may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
In Germany, tenants enjoy considerable protection against termination and eviction. In addition, the Group uses 
standardized documents and general terms and conditions that are very strictly scrutinized by the courts. 
German law and German courts provide tenants with substantial protection against termination and tenant evictions. Extended 
leases or delayed evictions resulting from these protections can lead to substantial losses until the property is actually vacated. 
In addition, as part of its daily business the Group uses standardized documents and contracts and general terms and conditions, 
which are required to comply with the statutory law on general terms and conditions. 
If it were to be found that the Group’s standardized documents and/or contracts contain terms disadvantageous to tenants, or if 
the clauses contained in such documents and/or contracts were found to be invalid and therefore replaced with terms less 
favorable for the Group, it would affect a large number, if not all, of standard conditions or contracts. 
The above-mentioned legal risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow 
and income of the Group. 
The business activities of the Group are dependent on the legal frameworks in Berlin and in Germany regarding binding 
regulations on modernization measures or restrictions on modernization possibilities in connection with social, 
environmental, building and monument protection laws. Any adverse change in these legal frameworks could have an 
adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group’s business is dependent on the general legal framework applicable to residential real estate, such as tenancy laws, 
as well as on special provisions of other laws, such as social, environmental, building and monument protection laws. 
Stricter environmental legislation could also lead to additional costs for the Group. For example, capital expenditure (capex) 
may be required in connection with potential modernization measures required by regulations aimed at the reduction of CO2-
emissions. The same would be the case if the legal requirements regarding existing and approved properties and their use were 
tightened.  
In the case of maintenance or modernization of heritage listed buildings (Gebäude unter Denkmalschutz), the need to comply 
with these provisions could lead to significant delays in the maintenance or modernization process, or to the Group being 
unable to carry out certain modernization and maintenance measures. In addition, the costs for the specific projects could 
increase significantly. These factors could also have a negative impact on the Group’s ability to sell or rent the properties in 
question or to use them as collateral for financing.  
Furthermore, a change in the regulatory environment for power suppliers may have a negative impact on HOWOGE's business 
activities, since HOWOGE delivers electricity to its tenants. If a new legislation required a special license for this business, 
HOWOGE had to apply for such license, and would have to close down its respective activities as a power supplier, if 
HOWOGE would not meet the respective requirements. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
New regulations adopted due to the enforcement of Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) may have a significant 
negative impact on the value of the Group's portfolio. 
The United Nations 2030 Agenda, adopted by heads of state and government in 2015, provides a new global framework for 
sustainable development and sets 17 goals regarding ESG. With the ESG, the states pursue the goal of eradicating poverty and 
ensuring sustainable development worldwide by 2030. 
This worldwide development affects the real estate sector in particular - after all, the sector is considered one of the main CO2 
emitters. Accordingly, the public, investors and politicians are demanding adjustments in the business models of real estate 
companies. Discussions about expropriations in Berlin, rent deferrals during the COVID-19 pandemic or about climate change 
and sustainable building show that the real estate industry is directly affected by the ESG goals. In France, for example, all 
class F and G buildings will no longer be allowed to be rented or sold from 2028. In contrast, social housing buildings 
constructed before 2000 must be renovated to class B by 2050. 
Such developments will in particular intensify throughout Europe due to the ESG. Since the business model of the Group 
depends on the rental of their properties, such regulations would directly restrict the Group in its business. Should Germany, 
for example, follow the role model of France, such sales and letting bans may have a significant negative impact on the value 
of the entire portfolio of the Group and also of its business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group could be subject to liability claims for several years after selling properties. 
In connection with potential property sales, the respective Group company acting as seller usually makes representations, 
warranties and negative declarations of knowledge to the purchasers with respect to certain characteristics of the properties. 
The resulting obligations usually continue to exist after the sale for a period of several years. In particular, the Group could be 
subject to claims for damages from purchasers asserting that the respective Group company failed to meet its obligations, or 
that its representations were untrue. If claims are asserted against the Group because of defects, it is not always certain that the 
Group will have recourse against the companies that performed the respective work. Legal or settlement costs, including the 
costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as well as potential damages associated with liability for properties that 
the Group has sold, could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks from possible violations of data protection regulations. 
On 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (Datenschutz-Grundverordnung, "DSGVO") entered into force in 
all European member states, providing for substantial changes in the regulatory landscape of data protection. The aim of the 
DSGVO is to protect all EU citizens from data protection violations. The DSGVO applies to all companies that process personal 
data of data subjects resident in the European Union, regardless of t heir location. With more than 65,000 own apartments in 
Berlin, the Group has a high processing volume for private data due to the number of tenants living there. The Issuer has 
introduced extensive organizational procedures for the Group as part of its compliance systems in order to take into account 
the new data protection aspects introduced by the DSGVO in data processing. However, the regulation of the DSGVO is 
complex and the volume of data processed by the Group is considerable. It cannot be guaranteed that the Issuer’s compliance 
systems are actually sufficient to control the risks associated with the DSGVO. Should the Group violate essential provisions 
of the DSGVO, substantial fines of up to 4 % of the worldwide annual turnover or EUR 20 million (whichever is higher) may 
be imposed. In addition to the financial damage that the Group may suffer, violations of the DSGVO may also cause 
considerable damage to its reputation, which may lead to a loss of confidence of existing or future tenants, which may h ave a 
negative impact on future rental income. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
Entities of the Group may be subject to litigation, administrative proceedings and similar claims. 
Entities of the Group may be subject to administrative and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Such litigat ion 
relates to, inter alia, matters such as outstanding rent payments and the termination of lease contracts. Although not material 
on a case-by-case basis, such litigation ties up resources and may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business if they occur 
frequently or in a concentrated manner. Further litigation may result from purchase agreements, either as seller or as purchaser, 
concerning breaches of representations and warranties. 
The Group could be exposed to restitution claims. 
According to the German Act on Unsettled Property Issues (Gesetz zur Regelung offener Vermögensfragen), persons who were 
expropriated of property in the former German Democratic Republic (“GDR”) can claim restitution or compensation under 
certain conditions, in particular if the property was seized without compensation or less compensation than citizens of the GDR 
were entitled to. The German Act on Unsettled Property Issues is also applicable to persons who lost property due to racist, 
political, religious or ideological reasons between 1933 and 1945. Although the notification deadline under the German Act of

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Unsettled Property Issues, subject to certain exemptions, expired at the end of 1992, the aforementioned restitution and 
compensation claims cannot be entirely excluded. If any such claims were asserted in respect of an entity of the Group regarding 
properties owned by the Group, the Group would be severely limited in its ability to manage such properties and may even be 
forced to transfer such properties to successful claimants without adequate compensation. Any such limitations or compulsory 
transfers of properties could have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Tax Risks 
The Group is subject to the general tax environment in Germany. The Group’s tax burden could increase, for example 
because of current or future tax assessments, tax audits or litigation or because of changes in tax laws or changes to their 
application or interpretation.  
The Group’s business is subject to the general tax environment in Germany. The Group’s tax burden depends on various aspects 
of tax laws, as well as their application and interpretation. Tax laws can be changed retroactively, and their 
application/interpretation can be amended by the tax authorities and courts. 
The Group entities are regularly subject to tax audits. These tax audits and other investigations conducted by the competent tax 
authorities could result in the assessment of additional taxes. This may be the case, in particular, with respect to reorganization 
measures or impairment on properties with regard to which tax authorities could take the view that they ought to be disregarded 
for tax purposes or otherwise lead to a tax liability. Further, expenses, particularly interest expenses, could be treated as non-
deductible. These circumstances could lead to an increase in the Group’s tax obligations and could result in interest on back  
tax payments. 
The materialization of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
A business operation going beyond mere asset management would jeopardize the extended trade tax reduction (erweiterte 
Kürzung Gewerbesteuer). 
As a general rule, real estate companies based in Germany that exclusively hold and manage their own real estate, such as the 
Issuer’s subsidiary Wohnungsbaugesellschaft Lichtenberg mit beschränkter Haftung (“ WBL“) and also future subsidiaries of 
HOWOGE, e.g. acquired in connection with the acquisition of the New Portfolio, may qualify for an extended trade tax 
deduction (erweiterte gewerbliche Kürzung). Such a deduction is made from the tax base for trade tax purposes of income 
derived from merely passive rental activities, thereby reducing the tax base for such activities to zero and effectively leading 
to an exemption from trade tax. However, several restrictions or prerequisites have to be considered in order to benefit from 
this exemption. In particular, activities that go beyond managing a company's own real property and capital assets could 
jeopardize the application of the extended trade tax deduction. In the past, WBL relied on the extended trade tax deduction. 
During the tax audit conducted in the first half of 2021, such deduction was denied for WBL by the tax authorities for the years 
2014 to 2018 resulting in an additional tax burden for HOWOGE of EUR 15.5 million (according to IFRS) in the six months 
period ended 30 June 2021. This already anticipated the disallowance of the extended reduction in trade tax for 2018. Future 
tax audits at WBL for the years 2019 and 2020 or at the level of subsidiaries to be acquired in the future, could also give rise 
to a substantial trade tax burden if the prerequisites of such deduction are not fulfilled. 
Such additional tax burden may have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, cash flow and 
results of operations. 
German tax authorities might not accept all tax deductions for interest payments. 
Several tax rules in Germany restrict the tax deductibility of interest expenses for corporate income and trade tax purposes.  
Under certain circumstances, it may not be possible for the Group to fully deduct the interest expenses owed on current and 
future liabilities, thereby increasing its effective tax burden. 
There is also the possibility that interest carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards are forfeited. This can be the case, for 
example, if more than 50 % of the shares or voting rights in a Group company reporting carry-forwards are directly or indirectly 
transferred to one or more buyers with aligned interests within five years. If interest carry forwards or tax loss carry forwards 
were forfeited, the deferred tax assets would be impaired, thereby increasing the Group’s tax burden. 
If one of the above risks occurs, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash 
flow and income of the Group. 
When making acquisitions, the Group is subject to the German Real Estate Transfer Tax (“RETT”) rules and a rise in the 
RETT rate may adversely affect the Group’s business.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus each acquisition of a property or a share or a beneficial interest (wirtschaftliche 
Beteiligung) of at least 90 % in a company, either (wholly or partially) directly or (wholly or partially) indirectly, owning real

--- Page 29 ---
29 
estate in Germany is subject to RETT. However, the Issuer does not intend to acquire new properties or portfolios thereof on a 
RETT neutral basis, and therefore the Group will be subject to RETT when acquiring additional properties. 
The applicable RETT rate in Berlin currently amounts to 6 % on the agreed purchase price. The Issuer cannot exclude that the 
State of Berlin may increase the RETT rates in the future. This would increase acquisition costs for the purchase of properties 
and could also affect the fair value of the Group’s properties. Furthermore, competitors aiming at acquisitions of properties 
based on structures mitigating RETT may be able to pay higher purchase prices than the Group leading to a disadvantage in 
competitive bidding procedures. This may be true even after the introduction of the new RETT provisions described above. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of the 
Group. 
A change in the use of the leased property may require an adjustment of the input value added tax received in the past. 
Generally, rental payments are exempt from value added tax (“ VAT”). Subject to further prerequisites, the lessor can waive 
this exemption if and to the extent the property is leased to an entrepreneur that uses the property for business purposes. As at 
30 June 2021, the Issuer has waived the VAT exemption for approximately 92 commercial units.  
In the case of a waiver of the VAT exemption, the Issuer is entitled to a refund of input VAT on a pro rata basis within a 10-
year rectification period. An adjustment of the input VAT deduction might be required if the tax authorities successfully 
challenge the waiver of the VAT exemption or the allocation key for property leased subject to VAT versus property leased 
exempt from VAT, or if a change in the portion of property leased subject to VAT occurs.  
This could give rise to a substantial VAT burden having material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
cash flow and income of the Group. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the Nature of the Notes 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other person. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments that 
the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss (see also 
"Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and HOWOGE" above). A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial or total 
failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes wh en they 
fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants may in 
particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors 
operating in the industries sector adversely change.  
If any of these risks occur, third parties would only be willing to purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the 
materialization of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore decrease. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also 
securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's ability to provide asset security for the benefit of other debt and require 
the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant exceptions 
and carve-outs. To the extent the Issuer provides asset security (a) for the benefit of Capital Market Indebtedness in line with 
such exemptions and carve-outs or (b) for the benefit of other debt, in each case without also securing the Notes, the Notes will 
be effectively junior to such debt with respect to such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims 
than the Noteholders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining 
to make payments on the Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will 
have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the 
event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or 
similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of

--- Page 30 ---
30 
third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the 
Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
The Issuers segment School Construction (including all assets, liabilities and operational performance) as reported by the 
Issuer under IFRS has been completely carved-out for calculating the Issuer’s compliance with the financial covenants 
included in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Besides its activity as a residential real estate company, since 2018 the Issuer has also become an exclusive partner of the Berlin 
School Building campaign that intends to reduce the backlog of school renovations, build new schools and provide funds for 
permanent structural maintenance (Berliner Schulbauoffensive, “ BSO”). As of 30 June 2021, there are in total 38 projects 
planned, thereof 17 new constructions, 8 modular timber constructions and 13 renovations of existing schools, representing a 
total investment volume by the Issuer of EUR 3 billion until 2028. In the contract model with the State of Berlin, the State of 
Berlin provides the land ready for construction to the Issuer who receives hereditary building rights (Erbbaurecht) for 37 years. 
The Issuer will be obliged to perform the construction work. Debt financing for the construction is intended to be completely 
provided by bank loans, primarily by Investitionsbank Berlin (“ IBB”). After completion of the construction, the respective 
school shall be rented under a lease agreement to the relevant city district of Berlin: Thereby, the Issuer will pay the leasehold 
interest under the hereditary building right to the State of Berlin but, in turn, will receive the rent under the lease agreement 
with the respective city district of Berlin for a term of 25 years. After a term of 37 years, the school assets shall be transferred 
to the State of Berlin. The debt servicing and leasehold interest are offset by the rent received by the Issuer from the Stat e of 
Berlin. The Issuer expects in general a minimum surplus to be earned by a management fee. Hence, the Issuer believes that the 
Group will only face minor financial, development or operational risks from school construction under the contractual 
arrangement with the State of Berlin.  
Therefore, the terms and conditions of the Notes and its financial covenants as referred to in section 10 (1) through (3) of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (Covenants), which set forth limitations of the Issuer on the incurrence of financial 
indebtedness (in aggregate and secured), on the compliance with a certain consolidated coverage ratio and compliance with a 
ratio of the total unencumbered assets, each as defined in the terms and condition, take not into consideration the segment 
School Construction of the Issuer. Therefore, when calculating the compliance of the issuer with such covenants in the future, 
any line item, position, incident or transaction that is recognised as an asset or liability in the balance sheet or as income, 
expense, tax or other position in the statement of profit and loss in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer that 
originates from or relates to the business unit School Construction will not be taken into consideration. The current business 
unit School Construction will be reported as a separate segment under segment reporting in accordance with IFRS in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, commencing with the financial year ending 31 December 2021. 
If undetected risks relating to the segment School Construction would materialize which have a material negative impact on 
the overall business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of the Group, while at the same time the segment 
Residential performs in line with the financial covenants as set forth in the terms and conditions of the Notes, such financial 
covenants under the Notes would not be breached and no early repayment obligation of the Issuer with regard to the Notes 
would be triggered. As a result of the foregoing, holders of any debt of the Group other than the Notes could be eligible to 
declare their debt of the Group due for repayment while the Noteholders would not be entitled to do so. In such a situation, 
other providers of debt of the Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims than the Noteholders in an insolvency, 
bankruptcy or similar proceeding. 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 10 per cent quorum. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and payable 
shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Noteholders representing at least 
10 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. Noteholders should be aware that, as a 
result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required 
quorum of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices. 
The Notes restrict, but do not eliminate, HOWOGE's ability to incur additional debt, create liens or take other action that 
could negatively impact the Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes restrict HOWOGE's ability to incur additional indebtedness and to create liens on its 
assets by requiring the maintenance of certain loan-to-value, interest coverage and unencumbered asset ratios. However, these 
restrictions and undertakings may nonetheless allow the Issuer and its subsidiaries to incur significant additional (secured or 
unsecured) indebtedness, to grant additional security for the benefit of existing and future indebtedness and to enter into 
transactions, including reorganizations, mergers, acquisitions and other similar corporate transactions that may adversely affect 
the Noteholders. As a result of the foregoing, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels or 
the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable 
development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of 
such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically changes 
on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. 
If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approx imately 
equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically 
increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Noteholder 
of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest  rate are without relevance to such 
Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance.  
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes will 
develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater 
liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair mark et prices.  
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint representative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of the relevant Noteholders 
by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders’ Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical meeting ( Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 13 of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding 
on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the relevant majority for 
Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series 
of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their claims 
arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking 
effect, which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint 
representative is appointed, a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights 
under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a 
future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date (i)  at 
the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any specified Call Redemption Date 
or within any specified Call Redemption Period(s), (iii) at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a transaction related 
event, or (iv) if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series originally issued. If the Notes of any Series are 
redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early redemption his 
investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received 
as a result of the early redemption. The redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market price of and the 
purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the 
total amount of the capital. 
Risk related to the Reform of Interest Rate "Benchmarks" and possible Replacement of a Benchmark  
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" such as 
the EURIBOR (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the " Benchmark 
Regulation") which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change with the result that 
they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.  
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has ceased to be calculated 
or administered, the Issuer shall endeavor to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial institution 
of international reputation or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such 
independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognized successor rate to the discontinued 
Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent adv iser determines a 
successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes 
of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from 
the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior to the 
relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately following interest period shall be the 
reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to 
the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.  
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes 
compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. 
Currency Risk 
A Noteholder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency which is different from the official currency where 
the investor is domiciled) is particularly exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates, which may affect the yield

--- Page 33 ---
33 
of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative 
transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change in the euro 
value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in the euro value of interest and principal 
payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls 
and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made 
thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than exp ected, 
or no interest or principal at all.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes (the 
"Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below 
(the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for Sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the Issuer 
to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for "Fixed Rate Notes"; and 
- 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for "Floating Rate Notes". 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in its sole discretion in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II, 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by 
replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and 
Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche.  
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options contained 
in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the information 
contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken 
together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the 
information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base 
Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each  
of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (characterized by indicating 
the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brack ets 
within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set  out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or 
optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be 
completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Condit ions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set  of Terms and Conditions and any 
footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling 
language in the Conditions.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
 
Deutsche Fassung der Anleihebedingungen 
English language version 
 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen 
und 
Erklärungen 
entweder 
links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
in 
eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet 
wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterized accordingly by indicating the respective 
optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out either on the right of, or in square brackets 
within, the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, 
welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, 
indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden 
oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine whether 
Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect 
to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Basisprospektes 
keine 
Kenntnis von 
bestimmten 
Angaben hat, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base 
Prospectus the Issuer has no knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Base Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
 
Im Fall, dass 
die Endgülti-
gen Be-
dingungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission an-
wendbar 
sind, nur auf 
die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der Anleihe-
bedingungen 
der Option I 
oder Option 
II enthalten 
sind, ist Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, 
so 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin 
an 
einer 
Börse 
notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für 
die Anleihegläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich. 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to 
the Notes as completed by the terms of the final terms 
which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks 
of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text 
set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final 
Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, copies of the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available to the Noteholders of such Notes. 
In the case 
the Final 
Terms 
applicable to 
an individual 
issue only 
refer to the 
further 
options 
contained in 
the set of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Option I 
or Option II 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - OPTION I 
NOTES WITH A FIXED INTEREST RATE 
 
 
Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed 
interest rates 
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit 
fester Verzinsung 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, 
DENOMINATION, 
FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, 
STÜCKELUNG, 
FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This issue of notes (the 
"Notes") of HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft 
mbH (the "Issuer"), is being issued in the aggregate 
principal amount [In case the Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(6))] of 
[Specified Currency] [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) 
in 
denominations 
of 
[Specified 
Currency] 
[Specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination") on [Issue Date] (the "Issue Date"). 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH (die "Emittentin") 
wird am [Begebungstag] (der "Begebungstag") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist gilt folgendes: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Festgelegte Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in 
Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Festgelegte Währung] [Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
(2) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for 
Notes 
in 
Specified 
Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" and, together with 
the Temporary Global Note, the "Global 
Notes") without coupons. [In the case of 
Euroclear and CBL and if the Global Note is 
an NGN the following applies: The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the records 
of the ICSD (as defined below).] The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall 
each be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal 
Agent. 
Definitive 
certificates 
representing individual Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, zusammen mit 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
"Globalurkunden") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear 
und 
CBL 
und 
wenn 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: 
Die Einzelheiten eines solchen Austausches 
werden in die Register der ICSD (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eingetragen.] Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften von 
zwei 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigten Vertretern 
der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal 
Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global 
Note shall 
be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on 
a date (the "Exchange Date") not later than 
180 days after the Issue Date. The Exchange 
(b) 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Begebungstag

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Date shall not be earlier than 40 days after the 
Issue Date. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding 
Notes 
through 
such 
financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the Issue Date will be 
treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
§ 1(3)(b). Any Notes delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States (as 
defined in § 1[(7)]). 
liegt. Der Austauschtag wird nicht weniger als 
40 Tage nach dem Begebungstag liegen. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Begebungstag eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Austausch für die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1[(7)] definiert) 
geliefert werden. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [in case of 
more than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Brussels 
("Euroclear")] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing 
System the following applies: "International 
Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means 
each of CBL and Euroclear (together, the "ICSDs")]. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird solange 
von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem 
gilt folgendes: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
("CBF")] [Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/ 
NV, 
Brüssel 
("Euroclear")] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Falle von CBL oder 
Euroclear als Clearingsystem, 
gilt folgendes: 
"International Central Securities Depositary" 
oder "ICSD" bezeichnet jeweils CBL und Euroclear 
(zusammen die "ICSDs")]. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New 
Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
Common Safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in classical 
global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist gilt folgendes: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden in Form einer 
Classical Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und 
von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(5) 
Noteholder of Notes. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren 
Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
(6) 
Records of the ICSDs. The principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note or 
the Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
(6) 
Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die 
jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
bzw. 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken 
von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of an installment or 
interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any redemption, payment or purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global 
Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such 
installment so paid. 
 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
Zahlung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsrate oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über jede Rückzahlung und 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunden anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der 
in 
die 
Register 
der 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
 
Bei 
Austausch 
nur 
eines 
Teils 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
anteilig in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.] 
[(7)] United States. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions "United States" means the United States 
of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
[(7)] Vereinigte 
Staaten. Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District 
of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich 
Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless 
such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, unbedingte, nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, so long as 
any Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed 
at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to create or 
permit to subsist, and to procure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist, 
any form of security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) over its assets to secure any 
Capital Market Indebtedness other than Securitised 
Capital Market Indebtedness or to secure any 
guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries 
in respect of Capital Market 
Indebtedness unless, subject to § 2(3), the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are secured equally with 
(or, in case such Capital Market Indebtedness is 
subordinated debt, senior in priority to) the Capital 
Market Indebtedness secured by such security 
interest. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt wurden, 
keine dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte an ihren Vermögenswerten zur 
Besicherung von Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (mit 
Ausnahme 
Verbriefter 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten) oder von durch die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften in 
Bezug 
auf 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
übernommenen 
Garantien 
oder 
abgegebenen 
Freistellungserklärungen 
zu 
bestellen 
oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen bzw. sicherzustellen, dass 
keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften dies 
tut, es sei denn, die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 2(3) 
durch 
das 
betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht gleichrangig mit der jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (oder, sofern es sich 
dabei um eine nachrangige Verbindlichkeit handelt, 
im Vergleich dazu vorrangig) besichert. 
(3) 
Limitation. The undertakings pursuant to § 2(2) shall 
not apply: 
 
(3) 
Beschränkung. Die Verpflichtungserklärungen nach 
§ 2(2) gelten nicht: 
(a) 
to any security interest which is mandatory 
according to applicable laws or required as 
prerequisite for governmental approvals; or 
 
(a) 
für Sicherungsrechte, die nach anwendbarem 
Recht zwingend vorgeschrieben sind oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung staatlicher 
Genehmigungen sind; oder 
(b) 
with respect to any security right in rem 
(dingliches Sicherungsrecht) provided by any 
Subsidiary over any of such Subsidiary's 
claims against the Issuer, which claims arise as 
a result of the passing on to the Issuer of the 
proceeds from the issue by such Subsidiary of 
any Capital Market Indebtedness, provided 
that any such security serves solely to secure 
obligations 
under 
such 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness issued by such Subsidiary. 
(b) 
für dingliche Sicherungsrechte, die von einer 
Tochtergesellschaft an Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin bestellt werden, die ihr aufgrund der 
Weiterleitung von erzielten Erlösen der 
Tochtergesellschaft aus der Begebung von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
erzielten 
Erlösen 
der 
Tochtergesellschaft an 
die 
Emittentin zustehen, vorausgesetzt, diese 
Sicherheiten 
dienen 
ausschließlich 
der 
Besicherung von Verpflichtungen aus den von 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
begebenen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten. 
(4) 
Provision of Additional Security. Whenever the 
Issuer becomes obligated to secure (or procure that a 
Material Subsidiary secures) the Notes pursuant to 
§ 2(2), the Issuer shall be entitled to discharge such 
obligation by providing (or procure that the relevant 
 
(4) 
Bestellung zusätzlicher Sicherheiten. Entsteht für die 
Emittentin die Verpflichtung zur Besicherung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 2(2) (oder entsteht 
die Verpflichtung, für deren Besicherung durch eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft Sorge zu tragen), so

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Material Subsidiary provides) a security interest in 
the relevant collateral to a security trustee, such 
security trustee to hold such collateral and the 
security interest that gave rise to the creation of such 
collateral, equally (dinglich oder, falls rechtlich 
nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung gleichrangig), for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the holders of the Capital Market 
Indebtedness secured by the security interest that 
gave rise to the creation of such security interest in 
such collateral. 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, diese Verpflichtung 
dadurch zu erfüllen, dass ein Sicherungsrecht an dem 
jeweiligen Sicherungsgegenstand zugunsten eines 
Sicherheitentreuhänders begründet 
wird 
(bzw. 
dadurch, dass sie die betreffende Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft zur Begründung eines solchen 
Sicherungsrechts veranlassen), und zwar in einer 
Weise, dass der Sicherheitentreuhänder diesen 
Sicherungsgegenstand dinglich oder, falls rechtlich 
nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig 
zugunsten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen und 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
derjenigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit hält, die aufgrund einer 
Besicherung 
mit 
einem 
Sicherungsrecht 
zur 
Bestellung 
dieses 
Sicherungsrechts 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Sicherungsgegenstand führte. 
§ 3 
INTERES T 
 
§ 3 
VERZINSUNG 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per 
cent per annum from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be 
payable annually in arrears on [Interest Payment 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [first Interest Payment Date] [if the first 
Interest Payment Date is not the first anniversary 
of Interest Commencement Date the following 
applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount 
per Specified Denomination]]. [If the Maturity 
Date is not an annual Interest Payment Date the 
following applies: Interest in respect of the period 
from (and including) [last Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination].] 
 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % p.a. bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5(1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich). Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist, 
gilt 
folgendes: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegte Stückelung]]. 
[sofern 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
kein 
jährlicher 
Zinszahlungstag ist, gilt folgendes: Die Zinsen für 
den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich 
auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegte Stückelung].] 
(2) 
Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue 
to accrue on the outstanding amount from (and 
including) the due date until (but excluding) the date 
of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate 
of interest established by law1. Claims for further 
damages in case of late payment are not excluded. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsverzug. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, 
wird der ausstehende Betrag vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich bestimmten 
Verzugszins[1] verzinst. Die Geltendmachung eines 
weitergehenden Schadens ist nicht ausgeschlossen. 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Periods of less than one 
Year. If interest [if First Interest Payment Date is 
not first anniversary of Interest Commencement 
Date and the Initial Broken Amounts per Specified 
 
(3) 
Berechnung der Zinsen für Zeiträume von weniger 
als einem Jahr. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem vollen Jahr zu berechnen sind, 
erfolgt [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der 
                                                             
1 The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to 
time, sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) / Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichen Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Denomination 
have 
been specified 
in 
the 
applicable Final Terms the following applies: for 
any period other than the first interest period] is to 
be calculated for a period of less than a full year, it 
shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below).] [If the Specified 
Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is 
applicable the following applies: The number of 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year (each a 
"Determination Date") is [number of regular 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year].] 
erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist und die 
anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbeträge je Festgelegte 
Stückelung in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
festgelegt wurden, gilt folgendes:, außer für den 
ersten Zinszahlungszeitraum,] die Berechnung auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachfolgend definiert). 
[falls 
die 
Festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist, und falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
anwendbar ist, gilt folgendes: Die Anzahl der 
Zinszahlungstage je Kalenderjahr (jeweils 
ein 
"Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären Zinszahlungstage je Kalenderjahr].] 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) the 
following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365). 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) gilt folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, und 
(B) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der nicht in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365). 
[In case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA) gilt folgendes: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period (from and including 
the first day of such period but excluding the 
last) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during 
which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days 
in such Calculation Period (from and 
including the first day of such period but 
excluding the last) divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
 
(a) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieses Zeitraums) kürzer ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt oder ihr 
entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieses Zeitraums) geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; oder 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period (from and including 
the first day of such period but excluding the 
last) is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
sum of: (A) the number of days in such 
Calculation 
Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination 
Period 
in 
which 
the 
Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year and (B) the number of days in 
such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product 
(b) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieses Zeitraums) länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt, die 
Summe aus (A) der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in einem 
Kalenderjahr und (B) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die

--- Page 42 ---
42 
of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year. 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
"Determination Period" means the period from 
(and including) a Determination Date (or, in the case 
of the first Determination Date, from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date) to, (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date.] 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum ab einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich desselben) (oder, 
im Fall des ersten Feststellungstermins, vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich)) 
bis 
zum 
nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich).] 
[In case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following 
applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case of Actual/360 the following applies: the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Im Falle von Actual/360 gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a 
day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 
360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der 
erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei 
ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im 
Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode 
der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar 
ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of Notes shall be 
made, in accordance with § 4(2), to the Paying Agent 
for forwarding to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(1) 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des § 4(2) an die Zahlstelle zur 
Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global 
Note shall be 
made, in 
accordance with § 4(2), to the Clearing System or to 
 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe

--- Page 43 ---
43 
its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3) (b). 
des § 4(2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
oder 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften werden auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
geleistet. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount 
in respect of any Note is not a Business Day then the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
 
(4) 
Geschäftstag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, so hat der 
Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Geschäftstag am jeweiligen Ort und ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System as well as 
(ii) all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to 
effect payments.] 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem sowie (ii) 
alle maßgeblichen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um 
Zahlungen vorzunehmen.] 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in [relevant financial center(s)] 
and (ii) the Clearing System are generally open for 
business and settle payments.] 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an 
dem 
(i) 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
und (ii) das Clearingsystem für Geschäfte geöffnet 
sind bzw. Zahlungen abwickeln.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the principal amount per Note, [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: the Call Redemption Amount,] [if 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event, the following applies: the 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount,] [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Issuer Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: the Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount,] [if the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder at 
specified redemption amount(s), the following 
applies: the Put Redemption Amount,] Additional 
Amounts and any other premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: 
den 
Nennbetrag je Schuldverschreibung, 
[falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurück zu zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag,] [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag,] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Emittenten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurück zu zahlen, gilt folgendes: den Emittenten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag,] 
[falls 
der 
Anleihegläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu einem

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag bzw. festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
zu 
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
den 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag,] Zusätzliche Beträge und alle 
Aufschläge 
oder 
sonstigen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder im Zusammenhang 
damit 
gegebenenfalls 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gegebenenfalls gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Noteholders within twelve months after the 
Maturity Date, even though such Noteholders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to 
the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Noteholders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
nicht innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger sich 
nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
(7)  Payments Subject to Applicable Law. Payments will 
be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
§ 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
 
(7) 
Zahlungen 
vorbehaltlich 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Regelungen. Alle 
Zahlungen 
erfolgen 
unter 
Vorbehalt (i), unbeschadet der Regelungen in § 7, 
sämtlichen steuerrechtlichen Regelungen 
oder 
anderen Gesetzen und Regelungen, die solche 
Zahlungen betreffen, und (ii) einer Einbehaltung 
oder eines Abzugs gemäß Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") oder 
anderer Regelungen gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 
1474 des 
Codes 
sowie 
sämtlichen darunter 
erlassenen Vorschriften, förmlichen Interpretationen 
und 
(unbeschadet 
der 
Regelungen 
in 
§ 7) 
Umsetzungsakten, die 
auf 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarungen beruhen. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) 
Redemption at 
Maturity. 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
principal amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in 
respect of the Issuer affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist 
von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis 
zum für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge 
einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze und

--- Page 45 ---
45 
by the use of measures available to the Issuer, which 
are, in the judgement of the Issuer, in each case 
taking into account the interests of Noteholders, 
reasonable, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, on the next 
Interest Payment Date upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 14 to the Noteholders, at the principal amount 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
Vorschriften der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion im 
Hinblick auf die Emittentin, die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher 
Art betreffen, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird 
am oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur 
Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen, die nach Auffassung der Emittentin 
zumutbar sind (wobei jeweils die Interessen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
berücksichtigen 
sind) 
vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice 
is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung 
darf allerdings nicht 
(i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 14. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 14 zu erfolgen. 
Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die 
das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption 
Amount, the following applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurück zu zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Call Redemption Amount 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(a) 
The Issuer may upon not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14, to the Noteholders redeem on any 
date specified by it (the "Call Redemption 
Date"), at its option, the Notes (except for any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under § 5) 
in whole but not in part, at their Call 
Redemption Amount together with accrued but 
unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
relevant Call Redemption Date. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausgenommen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren Rückzahlung 
der Anleihegläubiger bereits in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 verlangt hat) 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach ihrer 
Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
kündigen und an einem von ihr anzugebenden 
Tag (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag") zu ihrem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(zuzüglich 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen aber noch nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen) zurückzahlen.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
The "Call Redemption Amount" per Note shall be 
the higher of: 
Der 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem höheren von: 
(i) 
the principal amount of the relevant 
Note to be redeemed; or 
(i) 
dem Nennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibung; oder 
(ii) 
the Present Value 
(ii) 
dem Abgezinsten Marktwert 
The Call Redemption Amount shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
wird 
von der 
Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
The "Present Value" will be the sum of 
Der "Abgezinste Marktwert" ist die Summe aus 
(a)  the principal amount of the Note to be 
redeemed which would otherwise become due 
on the Maturity Date, discounted to the Call 
Redemption Date; and 
(a) 
dem 
auf 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten 
Wert des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibung, der 
ansonsten am Fälligkeitstag fällig werden 
würde; und 
(b)  the remaining interest payments which would 
otherwise become due on each Interest 
Payment Date 
falling 
after 
the 
Call 
Redemption Date to and including the 
Maturity Date (excluding any interest accrued 
to but excluding the Call Redemption Date), 
each discounted to the Call Redemption Date. 
(b) 
den jeweils auf den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten 
Werten 
der 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen, die 
ansonsten an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
nach 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
fällig 
werden 
würden 
(ausschließlich 
etwaiger, bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen). 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Present 
Value in accordance with market convention on a 
basis which is consistent with the calculation of 
interest as set out in § 3, using the Benchmark Yield 
plus [insert percentage] per cent. 
Die Berechnungsstelle errechnet den Abgezinsten 
Marktwert gemäß der Marktkonvention auf einer 
Grundlage, die der Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß 
§ 3 entspricht, wobei sie die Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz einfügen] % zugrunde legt.  
The "Benchmark Yield" means the yield at the 
Redemption Calculation Date of the corresponding 
[insert [euro denominated benchmark debt security 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] [other 
relevant benchmark] specifying the following 
details: ISIN or other securities code, based on the 
reference price for such benchmark security on 
such day, as observed at or about noon [(Frankfurt 
time)] [other relevant time] on such date on 
Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the setting 
"Fixing Price" and the pricing source ["FRNK"] 
[other source as relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other source as determined by 
the Issuer], and if such yield is not available at that 
time the Benchmark Yield shall be the yield of a 
substitute benchmark security chosen by the Issuer, 
in each case as having a maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note to the Maturity Date, that 
would be used at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the Maturity Date. 
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet die am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite 
der entsprechenden [einfügen: [Euro-Referenz-
Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter 
Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung, 
basierend 
auf 
dem 
Referenzpreis für diese Referenz-Anleihe an diesem 
Tag, wie um oder gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] an 
diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt 
HP (unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Fixing Price" 
und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere relevante 
Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie von einer 
anderen, durch die Emittentin festgelegten, Quelle 
hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] oder sollte die 
Rendite zu diesem Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar sein, 
bezeichnet die Benchmark-Rendite eine ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, die von der Emittentin festgesetzt 
wird, die jeweils mit einer Laufzeit, die mit der 
verbleibenden Restlaufzeit der Schuldverschreibung 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag vergleichbar ist, und die im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Auswahlentscheidung 
und 
entsprechend der üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis zur 
Preisbestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen 
von 
Unternehmensanleihen 
mit 
einer 
bis 
zum

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet werden würde. 
"Redemption Calculation Date" means the tenth 
Business Day prior to the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in accordance with this § 5(3). 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist der zehnte 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 5(3) 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(c) 
Die Kündigung ist den Anleihegläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 14 bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
and 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date.] 
(ii) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag.] 
[If Notes are subject to early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer on Call Redemption Date(s), 
the following applies: 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach eigener Wahl an 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer on 
Issuer Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[am] [an] Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] 
(a) 
The Issuer may upon not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14, to the Noteholders redeem with 
effect on the Issuer Call Redemption Date(s) at 
its option, the Notes (except for any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5) in whole 
but not in part, at their Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant 
Issuer Call Redemption Date. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausgenommen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren Rückzahlung 
der Anleihegläubiger bereits in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 verlangt hat) 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach ihrer 
Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
kündigen und an dem Emittenten Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu dem Emittenten Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (zuzüglich etwaigen bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen aber noch nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen) zurückzahlen. 
Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Date[s] 
Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount[s] 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs
tag[e] 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs
betrag 
[insert Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungst
ag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsb
etrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Anleihegläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 14 bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption;  
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(ii) 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
den Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; 
und 
(iii)  the Issuer Call Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed.] 
(iii)  den 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden.] 
[If Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of 
the Issuer during a Call Redemption Period, the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
eigener 
Wahl 
während einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer during 
a Call Redemption Period 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
während einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode 
(a) 
The Issuer may upon not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14, to the Noteholders redeem with effect 
on the Issuer Call Redemption Date(s) at its 
option, the Notes (except for any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5) in whole but 
not in part, at their Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant 
Issuer Call Redemption Date. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Anleihegläubiger bereits in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 verlangt 
hat) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach ihrer 
Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
kündigen und an dem Emittenten Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu dem Emittenten Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (zuzüglich etwaigen bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Emittenten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
aber noch nicht gezahlten Zinsen) zurückzahlen. 
"Issuer Call Redemption Date" means each 
Business Day within the Call Redemption 
Period[s] as selected by the Issuer. 
"Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet einen Geschäftstag nach Wahl der 
Emittentin innerhalb einer Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode. 
Call 
Redemption 
Period[s] 
Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount[s] 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsp
eriode[n] 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsb
etrag 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl- 
Rückzahlungspe
riode einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbe
trag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14. Such notice shall specify: 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Anleihegläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 14 bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
den Emittenten Call-Rückzahlungstag; 
und 
(iii) the Issuer Call Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed.] 
(iii) den Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) 
If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue 
Date, each Noteholder shall have the right, but 
not the obligation, to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) in whole or in part his 
Notes at the principal amount per Note together 
with accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the Change of Control Put Date (the 
"Change of Control Put Option"). Such 
Change of Control Put Option shall operate as 
set out below under § 5[(6)] (b)-(c). 
(a) 
Tritt 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
ein, 
so 
ist 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, 
aber 
nicht 
verpflichtet, von der Emittentin die vollständige 
oder teilweise Rückzahlung oder, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin, den vollständigen oder teilweisen 
Ankauf (oder die Veranlassung eines Ankaufs) 
seiner Schuldverschreibungen zum Nennbetrag 
je Schuldverschreibung 
zuzüglich 
bis zum 
Kontrollwechsel-Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
aber noch nicht gezahlter Zinsen zu verlangen 
(das 
"Kontrollwechsel-Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie nachstehend 
unter § 5[(6)] (b)-(c) beschrieben auszuüben. 
 
 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have 
occurred at each time (whether or not approved by 
the board of managing directors or supervisory board 
of the Issuer) that: 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt jedes Mal in einem der 
folgenden Fälle als eingetreten (unabhängig davon, ob 
die Geschäftsführung oder der Aufsichtsrat der 
Emittentin zugestimmt hat), wenn: 
(i)  
any Person and/or Persons acting in concert 
acquires Control; or 
(i) 
eine Person bzw. gemeinsam handelnde 
Personen erwerben Kontrolle; oder 
(ii) 
the Issuer sells or otherwise transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to any Person 
(except for any Controlled Subsidiary). 
(ii) 
die Emittentin ihr gesamtes oder im 
Wesentlichen ihr gesamtes Vermögen an 
eine 
Person 
(die 
keine 
Abhängige 
Tochtergesellschaft ist) verkauft oder in 
sonstiger Weise überträgt. 
"Control" means any direct or indirect legal or 
benefical ownership or any legal or beneficial 
entitlement (as defined in section 34 of the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - 
WpHG)) of, in the aggregate, more than 50 per cent 
of the voting shares of the Issuer. 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder 
mittelbare rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Eigentum 
oder 
eine 
rechtliche 
oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Berechtigung 
(im 
Sinne 
von 
§ 34 
des 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes (WpHG)) an insgesamt 
mehr als 50 % der stimmberechtigten Aktien der 
Emittentin. 
"Controlled Subsidiary" means 
any 
entity 
controlled (abhängiges Unternehmen) by the Issuer 
within the meaning of section 17 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
"Abhängige Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet ein 
von der Emittentin im Sinne von § 17 des 
Aktiengesetzes (AktG) abhängiges Unternehmen. 
(b) 
If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer shall, 
without undue delay, after the Issuer becoming 
aware thereof, give notice of the Change of Control 
(a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 14 specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure 
for exercising the Change of Control Put Option 
contained in this § 5[(6)] (including the information 
on the Clearing System account of the Paying Agent 
for purposes of subparagraph (c)(ii) of this § 5[(6)]). 
 
(b) 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin 
dies unverzüglich, nachdem die Emittentin davon 
Kenntnis erlangt hat, den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 14 
mit 
(eine 
"Kontrollwechsel-
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungsereignis-
Mitteilung") und 
gibt 
dabei 
die 
Art 
des 
Kontrollwechsels und das in diesem § 5[(6)] 
vorgesehene 
Verfahren 
zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Kontrollwechsel-Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit Angaben zum 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle für die Zwecke 
von Teilziffer (c)(ii) dieses § 5[(6)]).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(c) 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the 
Noteholder must deliver on any Business Day within 
30 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice 
has been published (the "Change of Control Put 
Period") (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the 
then current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent 
(a "Change of Control Put Notice") and (ii) the 
aggregate Specified Denomination of Notes for 
which the Noteholder wishes to exercise its Change 
of Control Put Option either by transferring such 
Notes to the Clearing System account of the Paying 
Agent or by withdrawal of such Notes from such 
Noteholder's account in accordance with the 
procedures of the Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the relevant Note(s) on the date (the 
"Change of Control Put Date") seven days after the 
expiration of the Change of Control Put Period 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made in accordance with the 
customary procedures through the Clearing System. 
A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall 
be irrevocable. 
 
(c) 
Zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger an einem Geschäftstag innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechsel- 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung 
bekannt gegeben wurde (der "Kontrollwechsel-
Ausübungszeitraum"), (i) bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei dem Fiscal 
Agent erhältlichen maßgeblichen Form einreichen 
(die "Kontrollwechsel-Ausübungserklärung") und 
(ii) Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
Gesamtbetrags 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
einreichen, für die der Anleihegläubiger 
sein 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ausüben möchte, und zwar 
entweder 
durch 
Übertragung 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf das Clearingsystem-
Konto der Zahlstelle oder durch Ausbuchung dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen aus dem Wertpapierdepot 
des Anleihegläubigers gemäß den Verfahren des 
Clearingsystems. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
betreffende(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) sieben Tage 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Ausübungszeitraums 
(der 
"Kontrollwechsel-
Rückzahlungstag") zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer 
Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), soweit sie 
nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug auf 
solchermaßen eingereichte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das 
Clearingsystem. 
Eine 
einmal 
abgegebene 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Ausübungserklärung 
ist 
unwiderruflich. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholder at specified redemption 
amount(s), the following applies: 
[Falls der Anleihegläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
einem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bzw. 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
zu 
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Anleihegläubiger am/an 
den 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
zum/zu 
den 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträgen, wie nachfolgend angegeben nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Put 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Anleihegläubiger
wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Anleihegläubige
rwahl-
Rückzahlungsbe
trag/-beträge 
[Put 
Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Anleihegläubiger
wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e)] 
[Anleihegläubige
rwahl-
Rückzahlungsbet
rag/-beträge] 
The Noteholder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem 
such Note under this § 5. 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines 
ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) 
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must, 
not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
before the Put Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as specified 
in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined 
below), deliver (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the then current form 
obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a "Put 
Redemption Notice") and (ii) the aggregate 
Specified Denomination of Notes for which 
the Noteholder wishes to exercise its option 
either (x) by transferring such Notes to the 
Clearing System account of the Paying Agent 
or (y) by giving an irrevocable instruction to 
the Paying Agent to withdraw such Notes from 
a securities account of the Noteholder with the 
Paying Agent. Payment in respect of any Note 
so delivered will be made in accordance with 
the customary procedures through the Clearing 
System. A Put Redemption Notice, once given, 
shall be irrevocable.] 
 
(b) 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungstag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, (i) bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei dem 
Fiscal Agent erhältlichen maßgeblichen Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Anleihegläubigerwahl- 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung") 
und 
(ii) Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
Gesamtbetrags der Festgelegten Stückelung 
einreichen, für die der Anleihegläubiger sein 
Wahlrecht ausüben möchte, und zwar entweder 
(x) durch 
Übertragung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
das 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle oder 
(y) durch unwiderrufliche Anweisung an die 
Zahlstelle 
zur 
Ausbuchung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot des Anleihegläubigers bei der 
Zahlstelle. Die 
Zahlung 
in Bezug 
auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt gemäß den 
üblichen Verfahren über das Clearingsystem. 
Eine 
einmal 
abgegebene 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
in case of minimal outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes, the following 
applies: 
[Im Falle einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, gilt folgendes: 
[(8)] Early Redemption in case of minimal outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes. If 80 per 
cent or more of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any direct or indirect 
Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of 
this § 5, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach diesem § 5 von der 
Emittentin oder einer direkten oder indirekten 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin zurückgezahlt

--- Page 52 ---
52 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 14, redeem at any time, at its 
option, the remaining Notes as a whole at the 
principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of such redemption on the next 
Interest Payment Date.] 
oder angekauft wurden, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach vorheriger Bekanntmachung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer 
Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen am nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event, the following applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: 
[(9)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a transaction related event. 
 
[(9)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction 
Trigger Notice in accordance with the 
requirements set out below and in accordance 
with paragraph (b), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole or in part) with effect on 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note to be redeemed at the Transaction 
Trigger Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the Trigger 
Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date.  
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise) durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung 
gemäß 
den 
nachstehend 
aufgeführten 
Bedingungen und gemäß Absatz (b) mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
zu kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Transaktions-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
der bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
"Transaction" means 
[insert 
description 
of 
envisaged transaction for which the Notes are 
intended to be issued for refinancing purposes].  
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten Transaktion für deren Finanzierung die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period 
from [insert issue date] to [insert end of period 
date]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum ab dem [Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the 
Noteholders given in accordance with paragraph (b) 
and § 14 within the Transaction Notice Period that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to its 
completion or that the Transaction will not be settled 
for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice shall 
also specify the Trigger Redemption Date. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
und 
§ 14 innerhalb der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde oder dass die 
Transaktion 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
durchgeführt wird oder dass die Emittentin öffentlich 
erklärt hat, dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu 
verfolgen. Die 
Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
hat 
ferner 
den 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen. 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the 
Notes for redemption following the occurrence of 
one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § 14. 
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 verzichten.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per Note 
means [●] per cent of the Specified Denomination.  
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet 
pro Schuldverschreibung [●] % pro Festgelegte 
Stückelung. 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date " means the 
redemption date specified in the Transaction Trigger 
Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger 
Notice. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den 
in 
der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 14 which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
(b) 
Die 
Emittentin hat die 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(a) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung an die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 14 zu erklären. Die 
Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und hat folgende 
Angaben zu enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii)  whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed;  
(ii) 
eine 
Erklärung, 
ob 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(iii) the Trigger Call Redemption Date and;  
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
(iv)  the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
(iv)  den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the following 
applies: Such partial redemption shall be reflected in 
the records of Clearstream Luxembourg and 
Euroclear either as a pool factor or a reduction in 
aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of 
Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear.]] 
[Fall die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
Clearstream Luxemburg und Euroclear nach deren 
Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
wiedergegeben.]] 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] PAYING AGENT [in 
the case of Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following 
applies: 
AND 
CALCULATION 
AGENT] 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [,][UND] ZAHLSTELLE [falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal 
Agent and the initial Paying Agent and their 
initial specified offices shall be: 
(1) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent ,und die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und deren 
anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten 
wie folgt: 
"Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent": 
 
"Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12

--- Page 54 ---
54 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[in the case of Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, 
the following applies: 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: 
[The "Calculation Agent" shall be 
an 
independent bank of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant 
expertise, selected by the Issuer and appointed 
as calculation agent for the purposes of such.] 
[Die "Berechnungsstelle" soll eine unabhängige 
international anerkannte Bank 
oder 
ein 
unabhängiger Finanzberater mit einschlägiger 
Expertise sein, von der Emittentin ausgewählt 
und als Berechnungsstelle für diese Zwecke 
bestellt.] 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] Paying Agent [in the 
case of Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
specified offices to some other office in the 
same country. 
Der Fiscal Agent [,][und] die Zahlstelle [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [in the 
case of Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: or the Calculation Agent] and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents [in the case of Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Call Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: or another Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent 
and a Paying Agent. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or other change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with § 14. 
(2) 
Änderung 
oder 
Beendigung 
der 
Bestellung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent 
oder einer Zahlstelle [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
oder der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche 
oder andere Zahlstellen [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal 
Agent und, eine Zahlstelle unterhalten. Eine 
Änderung, Beendigung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort 
wirksam 
wird), 
sofern 
die 
Anleihegläubiger hierüber gemäß § 14 vorab 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 
und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent 
[,] [and] the Paying Agent [in the case of Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Call Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: and the Calculation Agent] and any 
other paying agent appointed pursuant to 
subsection (2) act solely as the agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Noteholder. 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin. Der 
Fiscal Agent [,][und] die Zahlstelle [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] und 
jede andere nach Absatz (2) bestellte Zahlstelle 
handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags-

--- Page 55 ---
55 
oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und 
den Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agent [in 
the case of Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: and the Calculation Agent] 
may engage the advice or services of any 
lawyers or other experts whose advice or 
services it deems necessary and may rely upon 
any advice so obtained. Neither the Fiscal Agent 
nor the Paying Agent [in the case of Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Call Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: nor the Calculation Agent] will incur 
any liability as against the Issuer or the 
Noteholders in respect of any action taken, or 
not taken, or suffered to be taken, or not taken, 
in accordance with such advice in good faith. 
Der Fiscal Agent[,][und] die Zahlstelle [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] 
können 
den 
Rat 
eines 
oder 
mehrerer 
Rechtsanwälte oder anderer Sachverständiger 
einholen, deren Beratung oder Dienste sie für 
notwendig hält, und sich auf eine solche 
Beratung verlassen. Der Fiscal Agent[,][und] die 
Zahlstelle [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] 
übernehmen keine Haftung gegenüber 
der 
Emittentin bzw. den Anleihegläubigern im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, die in gutem 
Glauben im Einklang mit einer solchen Beratung 
getätigt, unterlassen oder geduldet wurden. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
§ 7 
BESTEUERUNG 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
made, without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied at source by way 
of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of any 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised, engaged 
in business, resident for tax purposes or generally 
subject to tax on a net income basis or through or 
from which payment on the Notes is made or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax (each, a "Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If such withholding 
with respect to amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes is required by law, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders, after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher 
Art gezahlt, die von oder im Namen eines Landes, in 
dem die Emittentin gegründet wurde, geschäftstätig, 
steuerlich ansässig oder grundsätzlich mit ihren 
Nettoeinkünften steuerpflichtig ist oder über das oder 
aus dem Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
geleistet 
werden, 
oder 
einer 
steuererhebungsberechtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder Steuerbehörde dieses Landes (jeweils eine 
"Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion") im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts an der Quelle auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein 
Einbehalt in Bezug auf zu zahlenden Beträge auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, 
so wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeweils 
den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Anleihegläubigern erhalten worden 
wären; eine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern oder Abgaben: 
(a) 
are payable by any Person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
(a) 
die 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person zu 
entrichten sind oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin

--- Page 56 ---
56 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it, or 
von den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt, oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder 
having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of the 
fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, or 
(b) 
die aufgrund einer bestehenden oder früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zur 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion zu zahlen sind, und nicht 
allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind, oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Federal Republic of Germany or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
(c) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder (ii) zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen oder 
Vereinbarungen über deren Besteuerung, an 
denen die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die der 
Umsetzung dieser Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
dieses Abkommens oder dieser Vereinbarung 
dient, diesen entspricht oder zur Anpassung an 
diese eingeführt wurde, 
abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind, oder 
(d) 
would not have been imposed or withheld but  
for the failure of the Noteholder or beneficial 
owner of Notes (including, for these purposes, 
any financial institution through which the 
Noteholder or beneficial owner holds the 
Notes or through which payment on the Notes 
is made), following a written request by or on 
behalf of the Issuer 
addressed 
to the 
Noteholder or beneficial owner (and made at a 
time that would enable the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply 
with that request, and in all events, at least 30 
days before any withholding or deduction 
would be required), to comply with any 
certification, identification, information or 
other reporting requirement whether required 
by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, that 
is a precondition to exemption from, or 
reduction in the rate of deduction or 
withholding of, taxes imposed by the Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
(including, 
without 
limitation, a certification that the Noteholder 
or beneficial owner is not resident in the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), but in each 
case, only to the extent the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner is legally entitled to provide 
such 
certification, 
information 
or 
documentation, or 
(d) 
die nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden 
wären, wenn es der Anleihegläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (für die vorliegenden 
Zwecke einschließlich Finanzinstitute, über die 
der Anleihegläubiger 
oder wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer die Schuldverschreibungen hält 
oder 
über 
die 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen) 
nicht 
unterlassen 
hätte, nach 
einer 
an 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
gerichteten 
schriftlichen 
Aufforderung der Emittentin oder in deren 
Namen (die so rechtzeitig erfolgt, dass der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bzw. 
der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
dieser 
Aufforderung 
mit 
zumutbaren 
Anstrengungen 
nachkommen 
kann, in jedem Fall aber mindestens 30 Tage, 
bevor ein Einbehalt oder Abzug erforderlich 
wäre), 
einer 
aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Abkommen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis 
in einer Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
vorgeschrieben 
Bescheinigungs-, 
Identifizierungs-, 
Informations-, oder sonstigen Nachweispflicht 
nachzukommen, die Voraussetzung für eine 
Befreiung 
von 
in 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion erhobenen Steuern oder eine 
Reduzierung 
der Höhe des Abzugs oder 
Einbehalts solcher Steuern ist (u. a. eine 
Bescheinigung, dass 
der Anleihegläubiger

--- Page 57 ---
57 
bzw. der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer nicht in 
der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion ansässig 
ist), 
jedoch 
jeweils 
nur, 
soweit 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bzw. 
der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer rechtlich berechtigt ist, 
die 
Bescheinigung, 
Information 
oder 
Dokumentation vorzulegen, oder 
(e) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 14, whichever occurs later, 
or 
(e) 
die wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 
wirksam wird, oder 
(f) 
any combinations of items (a)-(e), 
(f) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(e). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a 
Noteholder who is a fiduciary or partnership or 
who is other than the sole beneficial owner of 
such payment to the extent such payment 
would be required by the laws of the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a 
member of such partnership or a beneficial 
owner who would not have been entitled to 
such 
Additional 
Amounts 
had 
such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the Noteholder of the Note. 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
einen 
Anleihegläubiger gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung 
als Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaft oder 
als sonstiger nicht alleiniger wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer der Zahlung erhält, soweit nach 
den 
Gesetzen 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke 
dem 
Einkommen 
des 
Begünstigten 
bzw. 
Gründers 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens oder eines Gesellschafters 
der Personengesellschaft zugerechnet würde, 
der jeweils selbst nicht zum Erhalt von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt gewesen 
wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer eines 
Treuhandvermögens, 
Gesellschafter 
oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
selbst 
Anleihegläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
wäre. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding 
tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in 
the Federal Republic of Germany at the level 
of the custodian bank and the solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed 
thereon pursuant to tax law as in effect as of 
the Issue Date do not constitute a tax or duty as 
described above in respect of which Additional 
Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die 
gegenwärtig 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß dem zum Begebungst ag 
geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der 
Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und 
der darauf anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag 
keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend 
beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von der 
Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
wären. 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in section 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years 
for the Notes. 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
(1) 
Events of default. If an Event of Default occurs and 
is continuing, each Noteholder shall be entitled to 
declare due and payable by submitting a Termination 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. Tritt ein Kündigungsgrund ein 
und dauert dieser an, so ist jeder Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, seine sämtlichen Forderungen aus den

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Notice pursuant to § 9(2) to the Paying Agent its 
entire claims arising from the Notes and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the principal 
amount together with accrued interest (if any) to (but 
excluding) the date of repayment. Each of the 
following is an "Event of Default": 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(2) gegenüber der 
Zahlstelle fällig zu stellen und deren unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung 
zu ihrem Nennbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen. 
Jedes 
der 
folgenden 
Ereignisse 
stellt einen 
"Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal, interest or any other 
amounts due under the Notes within 30 days from 
the relevant due date; or 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin zahlt auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge oder sonstige 
Beträge nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
Fälligkeit; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes and such failure, if capable of 
remedy, continues unremedied for more than 60 
days after the Paying Agent has received a written 
request thereof in the manner set forth in § 9(2) from 
a Noteholder to perform such obligation; or 
 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
erfüllt 
irgendeine 
andere 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
und die Nichterfüllung dauert - sofern sie geheilt 
werden kann - jeweils länger als 60 Tage fort, 
nachdem 
die 
Zahlstelle 
eine 
schriftliche 
Aufforderung in der in § 9(2) vorgesehenen Art und 
Weise von einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat, die 
Verpflichtung zu erfüllen; oder 
(c) 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary (other than under the Notes) 
becomes due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity (whether by 
declaration, automatic 
acceleration or otherwise) as a result of an event of 
default (howsoever described), or (ii) any Financial 
Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary (other than under the Notes) is not paid 
within 30 days from its due date nor within any 
originally applicable or subsequently agreed grace 
period, provided that the aggregate amount of 
Financial Indebtedness falling within (i) and (ii) 
above amounts to be equal to, or more than 1 per 
cent. of the Total Assets as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this subparagraph (1)(c) shall not apply, 
where the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary 
contests in good faith that such payment obligation 
exists or is due; or 
 
(c) 
(i) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird infolge eines 
Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig 
von 
der 
Bezeichnung) vor ihrer festgelegten Fälligkeit fällig 
und zahlbar (sei es durch Kündigung, automatische 
vorzeitige Fälligstellung oder auf andere Weise) oder 
(ii) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft 
wird 
weder 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit noch 
innerhalb 
einer 
ursprünglich 
geltenden 
oder 
nachträglich vereinbarten Nachfrist gezahlt, jeweils 
mit der Maßgabe, dass der Gesamtbetrag der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten nach (i) und (ii) gleich oder 
größer als 1 % der Bilanzsumme zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag beträgt. Zur 
Klarstellung 
wird 
festgehalten, 
dass 
dieser 
Absatz (1)(c) keine Anwendung findet, wenn die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
jeweilige 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft in gutem Glauben bestreitet, 
dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig 
ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments generally; or 
 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen generell ein; oder 
(e) 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary are instituted and have not been 
discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or 
 
(e) 
gegen 
die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft wird ein Insolvenzverfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt, oder die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt die 
Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens oder leitet ein 
solches Verfahren ein; oder

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is done 
in connection with a merger or other form of 
combination with another company and such 
company assumes all obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes; or 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin geht in Liquidation, es sei denn, dies 
geschieht 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft 
und 
die 
andere Gesellschaft übernimmt alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist; oder 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment is 
made in or by the Federal Republic of Germany 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations under the Notes and 
this situation is not cured within 90 days; or 
 
(g) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland werden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
behördliche 
Anordnungen 
erlassen, aufgrund derer die Emittentin daran 
gehindert wird, ihre Verpflichtungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
vollem 
Umfang 
nachzukommen und zu erfüllen und dieser Umstand 
wird nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben; oder 
(h) 
cessation of business operations of the Issuer. 
 
(h) 
Einstellung des Geschäftsbetriebs der Emittentin. 
(2) 
Termination Notices. Any notice by a Noteholder 
(i) in accordance with § 9(1)(b) or (ii) to terminate 
its Notes in accordance with § 9 (a "Termination 
Notice") shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text form (Textform) to the Fiscal Agent in the 
German or English language delivered together with 
evidence by means of a certificate of the 
Noteholder's Custodian (as defined in § 16(3)) that 
such Noteholder, at the time of such Termination 
Notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
 
(2) 
Kündigungserklärungen. Eine 
Erklärung 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers (i) gemäß § 9(1)(b) oder (ii) zur 
Kündigung seiner Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9 
(eine "Kündigungserklärung") hat in der Weise zu 
erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger dem Fiscal 
Agent eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache übermittelt und 
dabei durch eine Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
(wie in § 16(3) definiert) nachweist, dass er die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Kündigungserklärung hält. 
(3) 
Cure. For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare 
Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall terminate 
if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before 
the right is exercised. 
 
(3) 
Heilung. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass das 
Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 9 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and 
§ 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d)-(h) 
entitling Noteholders to declare their Notes due has 
occurred, become effective only when the Paying 
Agent has received such default notices from the 
Noteholders representing at least 10 per cent of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. 
 
(4) 
Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9(1)(b) und § 9(1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) und 
§ 9(1)(d)-(h) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Zahlstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen von Anleihegläubigern im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
10 % 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 COVENANTS 
 
§ 10 VERPFLICHTUNGSERKLÄRUNGEN 
(1) 
Limitations 
on 
Incurrence 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness. The Issuer undertakes that it will not, 
and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, 
after the Issue 
Date, incur 
any Financial 
Indebtedness if, immediately after giving effect to 
the incurrence of such 
additional Financial 
Indebtedness and the application of the net proceeds 
of such incurrence, 
 
(1) 
Beschränkungen 
für 
das 
Eingehen 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
einzugehen 
und 
sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, 
wenn 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Wirksamwerden des Eingehens solcher weiterer 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Verwendung des 
damit erzielten Nettoerlöses eine der folgenden 
Bedingungen erfüllt wären:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the Relevant Consolidated 
Financial Indebtedness as of the immediately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net 
Nominal Relevant Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published would exceed 60 per cent. of the 
sum of (without duplication) (x) Relevant 
Total Assets as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published, (y) the purchase price of any 
Relevant Real Estate Property acquired or 
contracted 
for 
acquisition 
since 
the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (z) the 
proceeds 
of 
any 
Relevant 
Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since the immediately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published (but only to the 
extent such proceeds were not used to acquire 
Relevant Real Estate Property or to reduce 
Relevant Financial Indebtedness); or 
(a) 
die 
Summe 
aus 
(i) den 
Relevanten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto), 
die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 60 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Relevanten Bilanzsumme zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Relevantes Immobilienvermögen, das seit dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine 
Verpflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem 
Erlös 
aus 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös nicht zum Erwerb von Relevanten 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet wurde) übersteigen; oder 
(b) 
the sum of (i) the Relevant Consolidated 
Secured Financial Indebtedness as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net 
Nominal 
Relevant 
Secured 
Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since the immediately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published would exceed 45 
per cent. of the sum of (without duplication) 
(x) Relevant 
Total Assets 
as 
of 
the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published, (y) the 
purchase price of any Relevant Real Estate 
Property 
acquired 
or 
contracted 
for 
acquisition since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published 
and (z) the proceeds of any 
(b) 
die Summe aus (i) den Relevanten Besicherten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 45 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Relevanten Bilanzsumme zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Relevantes Immobilienvermögen, das seit dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Relevant Financial Indebtedness incurred 
since the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published 
(but only to the extent such proceeds were not 
used to acquire Relevant Real Estate Property 
or to reduce Relevant Financial Indebtedness). 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine 
Verpflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem 
Erlös 
aus 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös nicht zum Erwerb von Relevanten 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet wurde) übersteigen. 
(2) 
Relevant Consolidated Coverage Ratio. The Issuer 
undertakes not to incur any Financial Indebtedness 
after the Issue Date and to ensure that its Subsidiaries 
do not incur any Financial Indebtedness after the 
Issue Date if, in each case, immediately after 
becoming effective upon the incurrence of such 
further Financial Indebtedness and the use of the net 
proceeds 
thereof, the Relevant Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio is not at least 1.80 to 1.00. 
 
(2) 
Relevanter 
Konsolidierter 
Deckungsgrad. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach dem Begebungstag 
keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten einzugehen 
und 
sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, 
wenn 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Wirksamwerden des Eingehens solcher weiterer 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Verwendung des 
damit 
erzielten 
Nettoerlöses 
der 
Relevante 
Konsolidierte Deckungsgrad nicht mindestens 1,80 
zu 1,00 beträgt. 
(3) 
Total Relevant Unencumbered Assets. The Issuer 
undertakes not to incur any Financial Indebtedness 
after the Issue Date and to ensure that its Subsidiaries 
do not incur any Financial Indebtedness after the 
Issue Date if, in each case, immediately after 
becoming effective upon the incurrence of such 
further Financial Indebtedness the sum of (i) the 
Relevant 
Unencumbered 
Assets 
as 
of 
the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been 
published 
and 
(ii) the 
Relevant 
Net 
Unencumbered Assets newly recorded since the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published is not less than 125 per cent of the 
sum of (x) the Relevant Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published and 
(y) the Net Nominal Relevant Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published. 
 
(3) 
Gesamtbetrag 
des 
Relevanten 
Unbelasteten 
Vermögens. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
einzugehen 
und 
sicherzustellen, 
dass 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften nach dem Begebungstag keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten eingehen, wenn jeweils 
unmittelbar nach Wirksamwerden des Eingehens 
solcher weiterer Finanzverbindlichkeiten die Summe 
aus (i) dem Relevanten Unbelasteten Vermögen zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, 
und 
(ii) dem seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, neu erfassten Relevanten 
Unbelasteten Nettovermögen nicht weniger als 
125 % 
der 
Summe 
aus 
(x) den 
Relevanten 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (y) dem Nennbetrag der 
Relevanten Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto), die seit dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin veröffentlicht wurde, 
eingegangen 
wurden, beträgt. 
(4) 
Reports. For so long as any Notes are outstanding, 
the Issuer shall post on its website, 
 
(4) 
Berichte. Solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
veröffentlicht die Emittentin die folgenden Angaben 
auf ihrer Internetseite:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(a) 
within 120 days after the end of each of the 
Issuer's fiscal years, annual reports: 
(a) 
innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem Ende des 
Geschäftsjahres der Emittentin: 
(i) 
audited consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU 
and the management report in accordance 
with section 315 of the German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch); 
(i) 
einen geprüften Konzernabschluss nach den 
in der EU anwendbaren 
International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) und 
einen Lagebericht nach § 315 HBG; 
(ii) 
in addition to the requirements of IFRS and 
of 
the 
German 
Commercial 
Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch) 
the 
management 
report to 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements should include information on 
compliance by the Issuer with the covenants 
"Limitations on Incurrence of Financial 
Indebtedness", 
"Relevant 
Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio" and "Relevant Total 
Unencumbered Assets"; and 
(ii) 
zusätzlich zu den Anforderungen nach IFRS 
und 
HGB 
soll der 
Lagebericht zum 
Konzernabschluss Angaben enthalten über 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
zu 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", 
"Relevanter 
Konsolidierter 
Deckungsgrad" 
und 
"Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten Unbelasteten 
Vermögens" durch die Emittentin; und 
(iii) the audit opinion of the independent auditors 
on the consolidated financial statements; 
(iii) den 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
Abschlussprüfers zum Konzernabschluss; 
(b) 
within 60 days after the end of the first half-
year in each fiscal year of the Issuer, unaudited 
condensed consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU 
and the requirements of section 115 of the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG), which 
will include information on compliance with 
the covenants "Limitations on Incurrence of 
Financial 
Indebtedness", 
"Relevant 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio" and "Relevant 
Total Unencumbered Assets". 
(b) 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dem Ende des 
ersten Halbjahres jedes Geschäftsjahres der 
Emittentin einen ungeprüften verkürzten 
Konzern-Zwischenabschluss nach den in der 
EU 
anwendbaren 
IFRS 
und 
den 
Anforderungen 
des 
§ 115 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
(WpHG), 
der 
Angaben 
über 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
zu 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", 
"Relevanter 
Konsolidierter 
Deckungsgrad" 
und 
"Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten Unbelasteten 
Vermögens" enthält. 
§ 11 SUBSTITUTION, TRANSFER OF DOMICILE 
 
§ 11 ERSETZUNG, SITZVERLEGUNG 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in 
default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any 
Affiliate of the Issuer as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with these Notes (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(1) 
Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, wenn 
kein Zahlungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
die 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ein 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
Verbundenes Unternehmen an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor, in a manner legally 
effective, assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(a) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
rechtswirksam 
übernimmt; 
(b) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees 
such 
obligations 
of the 
Substitute Debtor under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that each Noteholder 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Bedingungen

--- Page 63 ---
63 
will be put in an economic position that is 
at least as favourable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had not 
taken place (each such declaration a 
"Substitution Guarantee"); 
garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne 
die Ersetzung stehen würde (jede solche 
Erklärung eine "Ersetzungsgarantie"); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have 
obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for 
such substitution and for the issue by the 
Issuer of a Substitution Guarantee, that the 
Substitute 
Debtor has 
obtained 
all 
necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals 
and 
consents 
for 
the 
performance by the Substitute Debtor of 
its obligations under the Notes and that all 
such approvals and consents are in full 
force and effect and that the obligations 
assumed by the Substitute Debtor in 
respect of the Notes and the obligations 
assumed 
by 
the Issuer 
under 
its 
Substitution Guarantee are, in each case, 
valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each 
Noteholder; 
(c) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und 
die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung und für 
die Übernahme einer Ersetzungsgarantie 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen von 
staatlichen Stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten haben, die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
für 
die 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen von 
staatlichen Stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtliche dieser 
Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen in 
vollem Umfang gültig und wirksam sind 
und zudem 
die Verpflichtungen der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen und die von der 
Emittentin aus ihrer Ersetzungsgarantie 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen jeweils 
gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam und 
rechtsverbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger durchsetzbar sind; 
(d) 
the Substitute Debtor can transfer to the 
Paying Agent in the currency required and 
without being obligated to deduct or 
withhold any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer 
has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the 
Notes; 
(d) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die 
Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
in 
der 
erforderlichen Währung an die Zahlstelle 
überweisen kann, ohne zum Abzug oder 
Einbehalt von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art verpflichtet 
zu sein, die in dem Land erhoben werden, 
in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat oder steuerlich 
ansässig ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to 
indemnify and hold 
harmless each 
Noteholder against 
any 
tax, duty, 
assessment 
or 
governmental charge 
imposed on such Noteholder in respect of 
such substitution; and 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet 
hat, jeden Anleihegläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; und 
(f) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to an agent 
appointed for that purpose one Opinion of 
Counsel for each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognised standing to the 
effect that subparagraphs (a) to (e) above 
have been satisfied. 
(f) 
die Emittentin einem zu diesem Zweck 
bestellten 
Beauftragten 
ein 
Rechtsgutachten 
bezüglich 
jeder 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnung 
von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
hat, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen 
in den vorstehenden Absätzen (a) bis (e) 
erfüllt wurden.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
For purposes of this § 11, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of section 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 11 
bezeichnet 
"Verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz 
(AktG). 
(2) 
Notice. Any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this 
§ 11 and the date of effectiveness of such 
substitution shall be published in accordance with 
§ 14. 
 
(2) 
Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung der Emittentin 
gemäß diesem § 11 sowie das Datum, an dem die 
Ersetzung wirksam wird, ist gemäß § 14 bekannt zu 
geben. 
(3) 
Change of References. Upon effectiveness of the 
substitution any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution, § 9(1)(i) shall be deemed 
to be amended to the effect that it shall be an Event 
of Default if a Substitution Guarantee ceases to be 
valid or binding on or enforceable against the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Mit Wirksamwerden 
der Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick auf die 
Emittentin gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme 
auf die Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Des Weiteren gilt im 
Fall einer Ersetzung § 9(1)(i) als in der Form 
geändert, dass als Kündigungsgrund gilt, wenn eine 
Ersetzungsgarantie nicht mehr wirksam 
oder 
rechtsverbindlich für die Emittentin ist oder nicht 
mehr gegen die Emittentin durchsetzbar ist. 
(4) 
Release 
from 
Obligations. 
Upon 
effective 
substitution of the Issuer as set forth in this § 11, the 
Issuer shall be released from any obligation arising 
from or in connection with the Notes. 
 
(4) 
Schuldbefreiung. Nach wirksamer Ersetzung der 
Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 ist die Emittentin von 
allen Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(5) 
Further Substitution. At any time after a substitution 
pursuant to § 11(1) above, the Substitute Debtor 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, effect 
a further substitution provided that all the provisions 
specified in § 11(1) to § 11(4) above shall apply, 
mutatis mutandis, and, without limitation, references 
in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall, 
where the context so requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such further Substitute 
Debtor. 
 
(5) 
Weitere Ersetzungen. Die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist 
jederzeit nach einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehendem 
§ 11(1) berechtigt, ohne die Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
eine 
weitere 
Ersetzung 
vorzunehmen, wobei 
alle 
Bestimmungen der 
vorstehenden § 11(1) bis 
§ 11(4) sinngemäß 
Anwendung finden und, ohne hierauf beschränkt zu 
sein, Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die Emittentin, sofern der Zusammenhang dies 
verlangt, 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
bzw. 
auch 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
jede 
weitere 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to 
the extent that the meaning and purpose of the 
relevant condition requires 
that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a reference only to 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH, or that 
the reference shall be to the Substitute Debtor and 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft 
mbH, in 
relation to HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft 
mbH's obligations under the Substitution Guarantee 
at the same time. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur gilt, soweit 
sich nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der jeweiligen 
Bedingung ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin 
nur 
auf 
die 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH erfolgen soll, oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und 
gleichzeitig 
auch 
auf 
die 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH, im Hinblick auf 
deren Verpflichtungen aus der Ersetzungsgarantie 
erfolgen soll. 
(6) 
Transfer of Domicile. A transfer of domicile of the 
Issuer to another country or territory is only 
permissible if the requirements set forth in § 11(1) 
and (2) above are complied with accordingly. 
§ 11(3) second half-sentence of sentence 1 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. 
 
(6) 
Sitzverlegung. Eine Verlegung 
des Sitzes der 
Emittentin in ein anderes Land oder Gebiet ist nur 
zulässig, wenn die vorstehend in § 11(1) und (2) 
genannten Anforderungen entsprechend erfüllt sind. 
§ 11(3) zweiter Halbsatz des ersten Satzes findet 
entsprechende Anwendung.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
§ 12 FURTHER 
ISSUES, 
PURCHASES 
AND 
CANCELLATION 
 
§ 12 BEGEBUNG 
WEITER ER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) 
Further Issues. Subject to § 10, the Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form 
a single series with the Notes. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen von 
§ 10 berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
mit in 
jeder 
Hinsicht gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des jeweiligen 
Begebungstags, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich 
zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 13 AMENDMENTS 
OF THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
BY 
RESOLUTIONS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
NOTEHOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
§ 13 ÄNDERUNGEN 
DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH 
BESCHLÜSSE DER ANLEIHEGLÄUBIG ER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Noteholders on amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions or on other matters by 
virtue of a majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on 
Issues 
of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
"SchVG"), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures 
as 
provided 
for 
under 
section 5 
paragraph 3 of the SchVG by resolutions passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution shall be binding equally upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
mit den 
Anleihegläubigern 
Änderungen 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
oder 
sonstige Maßnahmen durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in seiner jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung 
beschließen. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Abs. 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch 
Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für 
alle Anleihegläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting rights participating 
in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular 
in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, or relating to material other 
matters may only be passed by a majority of at least 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den Fällen 
des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, 
oder sonstige wesentliche Maßnahmen beschlossen 
werden bedürfen 
zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer

--- Page 66 ---
66 
75 per cent of the voting rights participating in the 
vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % 
der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Noteholders can pass 
resolutions 
in 
a 
meeting 
(Anleihegläubigerversammlung) in accordance with 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with section 18 and section 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. Die Anleihegläubiger 
können 
Beschlüsse in einer Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder im Wege einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und 
§ 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. If resolutions of the Noteholders shall be 
made by means of a meeting the convening notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further details 
relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions shall be notified to the 
Noteholders together with the convening notice. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Noteholders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in 
the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 16(3) (i) (a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
 
(4) 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung. Falls Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger 
in 
einer 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gefasst 
werden, 
enthält die Bekanntmachung der Einberufung nähere 
Angaben 
zu 
den Beschlüssen 
und 
zu 
den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mit der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung bekannt gemacht. Die Teilnahme an der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung 
der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Tag vor der Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. If resolutions of the 
Noteholders shall be made by means of a vote 
without a 
meeting the request 
for voting 
(Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will provide for 
further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
the Noteholders together with the request for voting. 
The exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' registration. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the request for 
voting no later than the third day preceding the 
beginning of the voting period. As part of the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance 
with § 16(3) (i) (a) and (b) hereof in text form and 
by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Falls Beschlüsse 
der Anleihegläubiger im Wege einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, enthält die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe nähere Angaben zu 
den 
Beschlüssen 
und 
zu 
den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mit der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. Die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss 
unter der in der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor 
Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums zugehen. Mit der 
Anmeldung müssen die Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) 
und 
durch Vorlage 
eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, dass 
die

--- Page 67 ---
67 
registration has been sent until and including the day 
the voting period ends. 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der 
Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a 
meeting the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a 
vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting 
within the meaning of section 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second 
meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' registration. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the convening notice 
no later than the third day preceding the second 
meeting. As part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in 
the vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 16(3) (i) (a) and (b) 
hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until and 
including the stated end of the meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung gemäß § 13(4) oder 
die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) 
die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann - 
im Fall der Anleihegläubigerversammlung - der 
Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von 
§ 15 Abs. 3 Satz 2 SchVG und - im Fall der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
- 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung im 
Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die 
Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung und die 
Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte sind 
von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der zweiten 
Versammlung zugehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in 
Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(7) 
Noteholders' representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a holders' representative (the 
"Noteholders' Representative"), the duties and 
responsibilities and the powers of such Noteholders' 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the Noteholders' Representative and 
a limitation of liability of the Noteholders' 
Representative. Appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Noteholders' Representative is to be 
authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions or other material matters. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung 
oder Abberufung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter"), die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die 
Übertragung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf 
den Gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, Änderungen des 
wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen oder 
sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß § 13(2) 
zuzustimmen. 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. Bekanntmachungen betreffend 
diesen § 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendments of the Guarantee. The provisions set 
out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the Substitution Guarantee. 
 
(9) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen der Ersetzungsgarantie.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
§ 14 NOTICES 
 
§ 14 MITTEILUNGEN 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
the following 
applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the third day following 
the date of such publication (or, if published more 
than once, on the third day following the date of the 
first such publication). 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (https://www.bourse.lu) 
elektronisch zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehrfacher 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 14(1) shall apply. If the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the fifth day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, findet § 14(1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted or listed 
on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the following applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
oder an einer anderen Börse als die Luxemburger 
Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publications. All notices concerning the Notes 
except as stipulated in § 13(6) shall be published 
electronically 
in 
the 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on [stock exchange other than 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and if the rules 
of such stock exchange so require [in/under/●] 
[newspaper or website]]. Any notice so given will 
be deemed to be validly given on the third calendar 
day following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third calendar day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachungen. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen, außer nach Maßgabe von 
§ 13(6), sind elektronisch im Bundesanzeiger [und, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [andere 
Börse als die Luxemburger Börse] zum Handel 
zugelassen sind und soweit dies die Regeln dieser 
Börse 
verlangen, 
[in/unter/●] [Zeitung 
oder 
Internetseite]] zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Kalendertag nach dem 
Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehrfacher 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) 
als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to the Clearing System. The Issuer may, 
in lieu of publication set forth in § 14(1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, provided that the rules of the stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed (if 
applicable) permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the fifth day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 14(1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass die 
Regeln der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen 
ggf. notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als 
den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(3) 
Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any 
Noteholder to the Issuer shall be made by means of 
a declaration in text form (Textform) to be delivered 
to the Paying Agent. 
 
(3) 
Mitteilungen an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines 
Anleihegläubigers an die Emittentin haben in der 
Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger der

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Zahlstelle eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform 
übermittelt. 
§ 15 DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 15 DEFINITIONEN 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money (including 
obligations by reason of any guarantee or other liability 
agreement for such obligations of third parties) which is in 
the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or other 
securities which are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in 
or traded on a stock exchange, over-the-counter-market or 
other recognised securities market, and promissory note 
loans (Schuldscheine). 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
gegenwärtige 
oder 
künftige 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge 
(einschließlich Verbindlichkeiten aus Garantien oder 
sonstigen 
Haftungsvereinbarungen 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten Dritter), die in Form von Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, oder sonstigen Wertpapieren, 
die an einer Börse, einem außerbörslichen Markt oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert, 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können, verbrieft, 
verkörpert 
oder 
dokumentiert 
ist, 
und 
Schuldscheindarlehen. 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the number set 
out under the heading "Adjusted EBITDA total" in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements or management report of 
the Issuer covering the applicable Relevant Period. 
"Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA" bezeichnet den 
unter 
der 
Überschrift 
"Adjusted 
EBITDA" 
im 
Konzernabschluss oder Lagebericht der Emittentin für 
den jeweiligen Maßgeblichen Zeitraum angegebenen 
Zahlenwert. 
"Relevant Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the 
number set out under the heading "Adjusted EBITDA 
excluding School Construction" in the Issuer's Consolidated 
Financial Statements or management report for the 
respective Relevant Period. 
"Relevantes Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA" 
bezeichnet den unter der Überschrift "Adjusted EBITDA 
ohne Schulbau" im Konzernabschluss oder Lagebericht 
der Emittentin für den jeweiligen 
Maßgeblichen 
Zeitraum angegebenen Zahlenwert. 
"Relevant Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means the ratio 
of (A) the aggregate amount of Relevant Consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the 
aggregate amount of Relevant Net Cash Interest in the 
Relevant Period. 
"Relevanter Konsolidierter Deckungsgrad" bezeichnet 
das Verhältnis (A) des Gesamtbetrags des Relevanten 
Konsolidierten Bereinigten EBITDA im Maßgeblichen 
Zeitraum zu (B) dem Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten 
Zinszahlungssaldos im Maßgeblichen Zeitraum. 
"Consolidated Financial Indebtedness" means the 
Financial Indebtedness of the Group, on a consolidated basis 
determined in accordance with IFRS. 
"Konsolidierte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
die nach IFRS ermittelten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe. 
"Relevant Consolidated Financial Indebtedness" means 
the Consolidated Financial Indebtedness of the Group less 
the Financial Indebtedness attributable to the Segment 
School Construction determined in accordance with IFRS. 
"Relevante Konsolidierte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet die Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der Gruppe abzüglich 
der nach IFRS 
ermittelten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen sind. 
"Consolidated Financial Statements" means, with respect 
to any Person, collectively, the consolidated financial 
statements and notes to those financial statements, of that 
Person and its subsidiaries prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
"Konzernabschluss" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Person zusammenfassend den nach IFRS erstellten 
Konzernabschluss mit Anhang für diese Person und ihre 
Tochterunternehmen. 
"Consolidated Secured Financial Indebtedness" means 
that portion of the Consolidated Financial Indebtedness of 
the Group that is secured by a Lien on properties or other 
assets of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. 
"Besicherte Konsolidierte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Teil 
der 
Konsolidierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
Gruppe, 
der 
mit 
Sicherungsrechten 
an 
Immobilien 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften besichert ist. 
"Relevant 
Secured 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Indebtedness" means the Secured Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group less the Consolidated Secured 
"Relevante 
Besicherte 
Konsolidierte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet die Besicherten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
der 
Besicherten 
Konsolidierten

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
attributable 
to 
the School 
Construction Segment. 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen sind. 
"Financial Indebtedness" means (without duplication) any 
indebtedness (excluding any indebtedness owed to another 
member of the Group) for or in respect of: 
"Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
(unter 
Ausschluss 
einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
alle 
Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenommen solche gegenüber 
anderen Mitgliedern der Gruppe) für oder in Bezug auf: 
(i) 
money borrowed; 
(i) 
aufgenommene Gelder; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any 
acceptance 
credit 
facility 
or 
dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(ii) 
alle 
aus 
Akzepten 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Akzeptkreditfazilitäten oder 
dematerialisierten 
Vergleichbaren aufgenommenen Beträge; 
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any short-term note 
purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers, debentures, loan stock or any 
similar instrument; 
(iii) alle aus Fazilitäten für die Emission kurzzeitiger 
Schuldtitel oder aus der Begebung von Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, Commercial Paper oder 
sonstigen 
Schuldtiteln 
oder 
vergleichbaren 
Instrumenten aufgenommenen Beträge; 
(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any 
receivables to the extend they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(iv) veräußerte oder diskontierte Forderungen (mit 
Ausnahme von Forderungen, 
die 
regresslos 
verkauft werden); 
(v) 
any amount raised under any other transaction 
(including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
having the commercial effect of a borrowing, but 
excluding bank guarantee facilities (as amended from 
time to time) made or to be made available by 
financial institutions to the Issuer or a Subsidiary 
under which the Issuer or the respective Subsidiary 
may request the issue of a bank guarantee or bank 
guarantees in favour of a person who agrees to 
purchase a Real Estate Property owned by the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary; 
(v) 
die Aufnahme von Beträgen im Rahmen anderer 
Transaktionen (einschließlich Terminverkauf oder 
-kauf), die wirtschaftlich einer Kreditaufnahme 
gleichkommen, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-Fazilitäten (wie jeweils geändert), 
die der Emittentin oder einer Tochtergesellschaft 
von Finanzinstituten gewährt werden oder gewährt 
werden sollen und in deren Rahmen die Emittentin 
bzw. 
die 
jeweilige 
Tochtergesellschaft die 
Ausstellung einer oder mehrerer Bankgarantien 
zugunsten einer Person verlangen kann, die sich 
zum Erwerb von Immobilienvermögen von der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
verpflichtet hat; 
(vi) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a 
guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary 
letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a 
bank or financial institution; and 
(vi) einen Aufwendungsersatzanspruch in Bezug auf 
eine Bürgschaft, eine Freistellungsverpflichtung, 
eine 
Garantie, 
ein 
Standby- 
oder 
Dokumentenakkreditiv oder ein anderes von einer 
Bank oder einem Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes 
Instrument; und 
(vii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee 
or indemnity for any of the items referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above. 
(vii) Verbindlichkeiten aus einer Garantie, Bürgschaft 
oder Freistellungsverpflichtung in Bezug auf 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
in den 
vorstehenden 
Absätzen (i) bis (vi) genannten Art. 
"Group" means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries. 
"Gruppe" bezeichnet 
die 
Emittentin und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union and as 
published by the International Accounting Standards Board, 
as in effect from time to time. 
"IFRS" bezeichnet die nach der EU anwendbaren 
International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International Accounting Standards Board in jeweils 
geltender Fassung. 
"Incur" means, with respect to any Financial Indebtedness 
or other obligation of any Person, to create, assume, 
guarantee or otherwise become liable in respect of such 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
or 
other 
obligation, 
and 
"Eingehen" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder eine sonstige Verbindlichkeit 
einer Person die Begründung, Übernahme, die Abgabe 
einer Garantie oder Bürgschaft dafür oder eine 
anderweitige 
Übernahme der 
Haftung 
für 
diese

--- Page 71 ---
71 
"incurrence" and "incurred" have the meanings correlative 
to the foregoing. 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das 
"Eingehen" bzw. "eingegangen" sind entsprechend 
auszulegen. 
"Lien" means (without duplication) any lien, mortgage, trust 
deed, deed of trust, deed, pledge, security interest, 
assignment for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement, or 
other security agreement, excluding any right of setoff but 
including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other 
title retention agreement, any financing lease having 
substantially the same economic effect as any of the 
foregoing, and any other like agreement granting or 
conveying a 
security 
interest in 
rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht), to a Person that is not a member of the 
Group, in each case to secure outstanding Financial 
Indebtedness, but in each case excluding 
"Sicherungsrecht" bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
Grundpfandrechte, Sicherung-Treuhandverträge (trust-
deed oder deed of trust), Sicherungs- Urkunden (deed), 
Pfandrechte, 
Verpfändungsvereinbarungen, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, 
Sicherungsübereignungen, 
Hinterlegungsvereinbarungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Sicherungsabreden, 
ausgenommen 
Rechte 
zur 
Aufrechnung, jedoch u. a. einschließlich bedingte 
Kaufverträge 
oder 
Vereinbarungen 
mit 
Eigentumsvorbehalt, Finanzierungsleasingverträge, die 
wirtschaftlich im Wesentlichen den vorgenannten 
Vereinbarungen 
gleichkommen, 
sowie 
sonstige 
Vereinbarungen, die ein dingliches Sicherungsrecht 
gewähren oder übertragen, und zwar einer Person, die 
nicht Mitglied der Gruppe ist, jeweils zur Besicherung 
ausstehender Finanzverbindlichkeiten, jedoch keine 
(i) 
any 
encumbrance 
registered 
in 
department 2 
(Abteilung 2) of a German land register (Grundbuch); 
(i) 
in Abteilung 2 eines deutschen Grundbuchs 
eingetragene Belastungen; 
(ii) 
any Lien arising in connection with a disposal of an 
asset in the ordinary course of business including, 
without limitation, any Lien created in assets subject 
to a sale agreement for the purposes of financing the 
purchase price; 
(ii) 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusammenhang mit der 
Veräußerung eines Vermögenswerts im Rahmen 
der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit entstehen, u. 
a. Sicherungsrechte an Vermögenswerten, die 
Gegenstand 
eines 
Kaufvertrags 
sind, 
zur 
Finanzierung des Kaufpreises; 
(iii) any Lien securing Financial Indebtedness outstanding 
on the Issue Date; 
(iii) Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
zum 
Begebungstag 
ausstehende Finanzverbindlichkeiten besichern; 
(iv) any Lien in respect of which an unconditional deletion 
consent (Löschungsbewilligung) has been delivered to 
the relevant member of the Group; 
(iv) Sicherungsrechte, für die dem maßgeblichen 
Mitglied 
der 
Gruppe 
eine 
unbedingte 
Löschungsbewilligung übermittelt wurde; 
(v) 
any Lien arising by operation of law (or by agreement 
having the same effect) or in the ordinary course of 
business, provided that any Lien arising in the 
ordinary course of business over Real Estate Property 
shall not be excluded; 
(v) 
Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Gesetzes (oder kraft 
einer Vereinbarung mit derselben Wirkung) oder 
im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, wobei im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftstätigkeit entstehende Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Immobilienvermögen 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausgeschlossen sind; 
(vi) any cash collateral posted in connection with cross-
currency and interest rate hedging transactions; and 
(vi) Barsicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit 
Währungs- 
und 
Zinsabsicherungsgeschäften 
gestellt werden; und 
(vii) any Lien on bank accounts under general terms and 
conditions of any provider of such bank accounts. 
(vii) Sicherungsrechte an Bankkonten nach Maßgabe 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsbedingungen 
des 
Anbieters der Bankkonten. 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
whose total assets are at least equal to 5 per cent of the total 
assets of the Group. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, deren Bilanzsumme 
mindestens 5 % der Bilanzsumme der Gruppe ausmacht. 
"Net Cash Interest" means all interest and other financing 
charges accrued to persons who are not members of the 
Group less the amount of any interest and other financing 
charges accrued to be received from persons who are not 
"Zinszahlungssaldo" bezeichnet alle an Personen, die 
nicht Mitglied der Gruppe sind, zu zahlenden Zinsen und 
sonstigen Finanzierungskosten abzüglich des Betrags 
aller von Personen, die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe sind,

--- Page 72 ---
72 
members of the Group, in each case, excluding any one-off 
financing charges (including without limitation, any one-off 
fees and/or break costs). 
zu 
erhaltenden 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten, jeweils ausgenommen einmalige 
Finanzierungskosten (u.a. einmalige Entgelte und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsentschädigungen). 
"Relevant Net Cash Interest" means the Net Cash Interest 
of the Group less the Net Cash Interest attributable to the 
Segment School Construction. 
"Relevanter Zinszahlungssaldo" bezeichnet 
den 
Zinszahlungssaldo der Gruppe abzüglich des Zinssaldos,  
das dem Segment Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness" means the nominal 
amount of Financial Indebtedness incurred minus the 
nominal amount of Financial Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag der Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
zurückgezahlten Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Nominal Relevant Financial Indebtedness" means 
the Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness of the Group less 
the Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness attributable to the 
School Construction Segment. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag der Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto) der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), der dem Segment 
Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Net Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness" means 
the nominal amount of Secured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred minus the nominal amount of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
zurückgezahlten Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Nominal Relevant Secured Financial Indebtedness" 
means the Net Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness of 
the Group less the Net Nominal Secured Financial 
Indebtedness attrituable to the School Construction 
Segment. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag der Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto) der Gruppe abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), der dem 
Segment Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Net Nominal Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means 
the nominal amount of Unsecured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred minus the nominal amount of Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
zurückgezahlten Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net 
Nominal 
Relevant 
Unsecured 
Financial 
Indebtedness" means the Net Nominal Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group less the Net Nominal Unsecured 
Financial Indebtedness attributable to the Segment School 
Construction. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag der Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto) der Gruppe abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), der dem 
Segment Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Net Unencumbered Assets" means, on a consolidated 
basis determined in accordance with IFRS, the value of any 
Real Estate Property of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries not 
subject to any Lien acquired plus the value of all other assets 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries not subject to any Lien 
acquired minus the value of such assets which (i) have been 
disposed of or (ii) have become subject to a Lien. 
"Unbelastetes Nettovermögen" bezeichnet den nach 
IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelten Wert des 
erworbenen Immobilienvermögens der Emittentin und 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich des Werts aller sonstigen 
erworbenen Vermögenswerte der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand 
eines 
Sicherungsrechts sind, abzüglich des Werts solcher 
Vermögenswerte, die (i) veräußert wurden oder (ii) 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts geworden sind. 
"Net Relevant Unencumbered Assets" means the Net 
Unencumbered Assets of the Group less the Net 
Unencumbered Assets attributable to the Segment School 
Construction. 
"Relevantes Unbelastetes Nettovermögen" bezeichnet 
das Unbelastete Nettovermögen der Gruppe abzüglich 
des Unbelastetes Nettovermögens, das dem Segment 
Schulbau zuzuordnen ist.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
"Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion from legal 
counsel. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to 
the Issuer. 
"Rechtsgutachten" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
schriftliches 
Gutachten eines Rechtsberaters. Der Rechtsberater kann 
Mitarbeiter oder externer Rechtsberater der Emittentin 
sein. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, 
unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or 
government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) 
or other entity. 
"Person" 
bezeichnet 
natürliche 
Personen, 
Körperschaften, Personengesellschaften, Joint Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, Trusts, nicht 
rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, 
Gesellschaften 
mit 
beschränkter Haftung, staatliche Stellen (oder Behörden 
oder Gebietskörperschaften) oder sonstige Rechtsträger. 
"Real Estate Property" means the real estate property of 
such Person and its subsidiaries. 
"Immobilienvermögen" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Immobilienvermögen der betreffenden Person und ihrer 
Tochterunternehmen. 
"Relevant Real Estate Property" means the Real Estate 
Property of the Group minus the Real Estate Property, which 
relates to the School Construction Segment. 
„Relevantes Immobilienvermögen“ bezeichnet das 
Immobilienvermögen 
der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
des 
Immobilienvermögen, das dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen ist. 
"Relevant Period" means the respective most recent four 
consecutive quarters ending prior to the respective date of 
determination of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio. 
"Maßgeblicher Zeitraum" bezeichnet die letzten vier 
vor dem 
jeweiligen 
Tag 
der 
Feststellung 
des 
Konsolidierten Deckungsgrads endenden aufeinander-
folgenden Quartale. 
"Reporting Date" means 30 June and 31 December of each 
year. 
"Berichtsstichtag" ist der 30. Juni und 31. Dezember 
eines jeden Jahres. 
"Secured Financial Indebtedness" means that portion of 
the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group that is secured by a Lien on 
properties or other assets of the Group. 
"Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet den 
Teil 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
aller 
ausstehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
Gruppe, 
der 
mit 
Sicherungsrechten 
an 
Immobilien 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten der Gruppe besichert ist. 
"Relevant Secured Financial Indebtedness" means the 
Secured Financial Indebtedness of the Group less the 
Secured Financial Indebtedness attributable to the Segment 
School Construction. 
"Relevante 
Besicherte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet die Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
aller 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen sind. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. 
"Securities Act" bezeichnet das US-Wertpapiergesetz 
von 1933 (U.S. Securities Act of 1933) in seiner jeweils 
geltenden Fassung. 
"Securitised Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
Capital Market Indebtedness incurred in respect of or in 
connection with any securitisation or similar financing 
arrangement relating to assets owned by the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries and where the recourse of the holders of such 
Capital Market Indebtedness against the Issuer is limited 
solely to such assets or any income generated therefrom. 
"Verbriefte 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet jede Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit einer 
Verbriefung 
oder 
vergleichbaren Finanzierungsvereinbarung in Bezug auf 
Vermögenswerte 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, bei der die Rückgriffsrechte der 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
ausschließlich auf die betreffenden Vermögenswerte oder 
die daraus erzielten Erträge beschränkt ist. 
"Subsidiary" means any Person that must be consolidated 
with the Issuer for the purposes of preparing Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Person, die bei 
der Erstellung der Konzernabschlüsse der Emittentin mit 
ihr konsolidiert werden muss. 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the following 
applies: "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-
[Wenn die Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: "TARGET Geschäftstag" ist ein Tag, an dem 
alle 
maßgeblichen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer

--- Page 74 ---
74 
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) 
are operational to effect payments.] 
System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um Zahlungen 
vorzunehmen.] 
"Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total 
assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, as such amount 
appears, or would appear, on a consolidated balance sheet of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS, provided that 
"Total Assets" shall include the proceeds of the Financial 
Indebtedness or Secured Financial Indebtedness to be 
incurred. 
"Bilanzsumme" bezeichnet den Wert der konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, der in einer nach IFRS erstellten 
konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin erscheint oder 
erscheinen würde, wobei die "Bilanzsumme" die Zuflüsse 
aus den einzugehenden Finanzverbindlichkeiten oder 
Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten einschließt. 
"Relevant Total Assets" means Total Assets of the Group 
less the Total Assets attributable to the Segment School 
Construction. 
"Relevante Bilanzsumme" bezeichnet die Bilanzsumme 
der Gruppe abzüglich der Bilanzsumme, die dem 
Segment Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Unencumbered Assets" means without duplication, (i) the 
value of any Real Estate Property, on a consolidated basis 
determined in accordance with IFRS, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries that is not subject to any Lien, plus (ii) the value 
of all other assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries that is not 
subject to any Lien (where in case of (i) and (ii) the value of 
Real Estate Property, on a consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS, and other assets shall be equal to such 
amounts that appear, or would appear, on a consolidated 
balance sheet of the Issuer prepared in accordance with 
IFRS). 
"Unbelastetes Vermögen" bezeichnet ohne doppelte 
Berücksichtigung (i) den nach IFRS auf konsolidierter 
Basis ermittelten Wert des Immobilienvermögens der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich (ii) des 
Werts aller sonstigen Vermögenswerte der Emittentin 
und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand 
eines Sicherungsrechts sind (wobei im Fall von (i) und (ii) 
der nach IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelte Wert 
des 
Immobilienvermögens 
und 
der 
sonstigen 
Vermögenswerte dem Betrag entspricht, der in einer nach 
IFRS erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin 
erscheint oder erscheinen würde). 
"Relevant 
Unencumbered 
Assets" 
means 
the 
Unencumbered Assets of the Group less the Unencumbered 
Assets attributable to the School Construction Segment. 
"Relevantes Unbelastetes Vermögen" bezeichnet das 
Unbelastete Vermögen der Gruppe abzüglich des 
Unbelasteten Vermögen, das dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen ist. 
"Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means that portion of 
the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group that is not Secured Financial 
Indebtedness. 
"Unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
den Teil des Gesamtnennbetrags aller ausstehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, bei dem es sich 
nicht um Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten handelt. 
"Relevant Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means the 
Unsecured Financial Indebtedness of the Group less the 
Unsecured Financial Indebtedness attributable to the School 
Construction Segment. 
"Relevante Unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet die Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
der 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen ist. 
"Segment School Construction" means, for the purposes of 
these Terms and Conditions, the business conducted by the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
for the construction and 
refurbishment of schools in the State of Berlin in accordance 
with the Berlin School Construction Offensive and includes 
all transactions, items or positions which,  
(i) 
are reportet in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer as (x) an (non-current or current) asset or 
a (non-current or current) liability in the balance sheet 
or (y) income, costs, expenses or other items in the 
income statement, all in accordance with IFRS;  
(ii) 
are attributable to the Issuer's business unit School 
Construction which is reported as "Segment School 
Construction" in segment reporting under IFRS 
beginning with the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021; and  
„Segment Schulbau“ bezeichnet für die Zwecke dieser 
Anleihebedingungen die von der Emittentin und ihren 
Tochtergesellschaften betriebene Geschäftstätigkeit zum 
Bau und der Sanierung von Schulen im Land Berlin nach 
Maßgabe der Berliner Schulbauoffensive und erfasst alle 
Geschäftsvorfälle, Posten oder Positionen, welche  
(i) 
im Konzernabschluss der Emittentin nach IFRS als 
(x) 
(langfristiger 
oder 
kurzfristiger) 
Vermögenswert 
oder 
(langfristige 
oder 
kurzfristige) Verbindlichkeit in der Bilanz oder (y) 
Einnahmen, Kosten, Aufwand oder sonstige Posten 
in der Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung ausgewiesen 
wird;  
(ii) 
dem Geschäftsbereich Schulbau der Emittentin 
zuzuordnen sind, welcher als „Segment Schulbau“ 
im Rahmen einer Segmentberichtserstattung nach

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(iii) financed solely by School Construction Financing.  
The Segment School Construction shall only be excluded or 
eliminated from the calculation of the covenants under this 
§ 10 "Restrictions on incurring financial liabilities", 
"Relevant Consolidated Coverage Ratio" and "Total 
Relevant Unencumbered Assets", if the School Construction 
Segment exclusively contains financial indebtedness in the 
form of School Construction Financing. 
IFRS beginnend mit dem Konzernabschluss für das 
am 31. Dezember 2021 endende Geschäftsjahr 
ausgewiesen wird; und  
(iii) ausschließlich 
durch 
Schulbau-Finanzierung 
finanziert wird.  
Das Segment Schulbau soll bei der Berechnung der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
gemäß 
§ 10 
der 
"Beschränkungen 
für 
das 
Eingehen 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", "Relevanter Konsolidierter 
Deckungsgrad" und "Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten 
Unbelasteten Vermögens" nur nicht berücksichtigt bzw. 
herausgerechnet werden, wenn im Segment Schulbau 
ausschließlich Finanzverbindlichkeiten in Form von 
Schulbau-Finanzierungen enthalten sind. 
"School Construction Financing" means Financial 
Indebtedness which have been incurred or will be incurred,  
(i) 
(to finance the construction and renovation of schools in 
the State of Berlin; and 
(ii) which (x) towards the State of Berlin in the form of 
unsecured shareholder loans; or (y) towards other 
Persons, to the extent that these Financial Liabilities are 
secured by sureties/guarantees on first demand issued by 
the State of Berlin or by a forfaiting of future rental 
income from the leasing of the newly constructed or 
refurbished schools with a waiver of defense by the 
State of Berlin. 
„Schulbau-Finanzierung“ 
sind 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, welche eingegangen worden 
sind oder zukünftig eingegangen werden,  
(i) 
zur Finanzierung des Baus und der Sanierung von 
Schulen im Land Berlin; und  
(ii) 
die (x) entweder gegenüber dem Land Berlin in 
Form von unbesicherten Gesellschafterdarlehen, 
oder (y) gegenüber anderen Personen, soweit diese 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
mit 
Bürgschaften/ 
Garantien auf erstes Anfordern des Landes Berlin 
oder durch eine Forfaitierung der zukünftigen 
Mieterlöse aus der Vermietung der gebauten oder 
sanierten Schulen mit Einredeverzichtserklärung 
des Landes Berlin besichert sind. 
§ 16 APPLICABLE 
LAW, 
PLACE 
OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
§ 16 ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Noteholders and 
the Issuer, shall be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany, without giving effect 
to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
die 
Rechte und 
Pflichten der Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich nach dem Recht der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, unter Ausschluss des internationalen 
Privatrechts. 
(2) 
Submission to 
Jurisdiction. Subject 
to any 
mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings 
under the SchVG, the place of non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
in connection with the Notes shall be Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte 
Verfahren nach dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main 
nicht ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehende Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Noteholder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Noteholder, (b) 
specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen 
die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Anleihegläubigers

--- Page 76 ---
76 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
and (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial 
institution of 
recognised 
standing 
authorised to engage in securities custody business 
with which the Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way which 
is admitted in the country of the proceedings. 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person von dem 
Clearingsystem 
oder einer 
Verwahrstelle 
des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt 
ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem 
der Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet der vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen auch 
auf jede andere im Land des Verfahrens zulässige 
Weise geltend zu machen. 
§ 17 LANGUAGE 
 
§ 17 SPRACHE 
[If the Conditions shall be in the German language with 
an English language translation the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, gilt folgendes: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche T ext ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language with 
a German language translation the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with German language translation. 
The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, gilt folgendes: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language only 
the following applies: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language only.] 
 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen nur in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - OPTION II 
NOTES WITH A FLOATING INTEREST RATE 
 
 
Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest 
rates 
 
Emissionsbedingungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variabler Verzinsung 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN 
DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, 
STÜCKELUNG, 
FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This issue of notes (the 
"Notes") of HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft  
mbH (the "Issuer"), is being issued in the aggregate 
principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN 
the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(6))] of 
[Specified Currency] [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in 
denominations of [Specified Currency] [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination") on 
[Issue Date] (the "Issue Date"). 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. Diese 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft 
mbH 
(die 
"Emittentin") wird 
am [Begebungstag] (der 
"Begebungstag") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes:  
(vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) 
in 
einer 
Stückelung 
von 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(2) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note will be exchanged for Notes in Specified 
Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, 
together with the Temporary Global Note, the 
"Global Notes") without coupons. [In the case 
of Euroclear and CBL and if the Global Note 
is an NGN the following applies: The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the records of 
the ICSD (as defined below).] The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note 
shall each be signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive certificates representing 
individual Notes and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, zusammen mit 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
"Globalurkunden") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear 
und CBL 
und 
wenn 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes:  
Die Einzelheiten eines solchen Austausches 
werden in die Register der ICSD (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eingetragen.] Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften von zwei 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigten Vertretern 
der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem 
Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged 
for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the 
"Exchange Date") not later than 180 days after 
(b) 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag (der 
"Austauschtag") gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht

--- Page 78 ---
78 
the Issue Date. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owner or owners of the Notes is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions 
or certain persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the Issue Date will be 
treated as a request to exchange the Temporary 
Global Note pursuant to this § 1(3)(b). Any 
Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in § 1[(7)]). 
mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Begebungstag 
liegt. Der Austauschtag wird nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Begebungstag liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Begebungstag eingeht, wird 
als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im Austausch 
für die Vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert 
werden, 
dürfen 
nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
(wie 
in 
§ 1[(7)] 
definiert) geliefert werden. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing 
System" means [in case of more than one Clearing System, 
the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Brussels ("Euroclear")] and any successor in 
such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Euroclear as 
Clearing System the following applies: "International 
Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means each of 
CBL and Euroclear (together, the "ICSDs")]. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird solange von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, 
bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. "Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet [bei mehr als einem Clearingsystem gilt 
folgendes: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/ 
NV, 
Brüssel 
("Euroclear")] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. [Im 
Falle 
von 
CBL 
oder 
Euroclear 
als 
Clearingsystem, 
gilt 
folgendes:  
"International Central Securities Depositary" oder 
"ICSD" bezeichnet 
jeweils 
CBL 
und 
Euroclear 
(zusammen die "ICSDs")]. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem Common Safekeeper im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist gilt folgendes: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(5) 
Noteholder of Notes. "Noteholder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts 
an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, gilt folgendes: 
(6) 
Records of the ICSDs. The principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of both 
ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means 
the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
 
(6) 
Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis 
über 
den Nennbetrag der durch 
die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde bzw. die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von 
einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem 
Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of an installment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of 
such installment so paid. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rückzahlungsrate 
oder 
Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. 
bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin 
sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede Rückzahlung und 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunden anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgezahlten bzw. 
gekauften und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so 
gezahlten Raten abgezogen wird. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.] 
 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden.] 
[(7)] United States. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions "United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
[(7)] Vereinigte 
Staaten. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
und Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are 
 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, unbedingte, nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht

--- Page 80 ---
80 
accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, so long as any 
Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of 
principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, not to create or permit to subsist, and to 
procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will create or 
permit to subsist, any form of security interest in rem 
(dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over its assets to secure any 
Capital Market Indebtedness other than Securitised Capital 
Market Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or 
indemnity given by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in 
respect of Capital Market Indebtedness unless, subject to 
§ 2(3), the Issuer's obligations under the Notes are secured 
equally with (or, in case such Capital Market Indebtedness 
is subordinated debt, senior in priority to) the Capital Market 
Indebtedness secured by such security interest. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, 
solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und 
Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt wurden, 
keine 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
ihren 
Vermögenswerten 
zur 
Besicherung 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
Verbriefter Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten) oder von 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
übernommenen 
Garantien oder abgegebenen Freistellungserklärungen zu 
bestellen 
oder 
fortbestehen 
zu 
lassen 
bzw. 
sicherzustellen, 
dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften dies 
tut, es sei denn, die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden vorbehaltlich § 2(3) 
durch das betreffende Sicherungsrecht gleichrangig mit 
der jeweiligen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (oder, sofern 
es sich dabei um eine nachrangige Verbindlichkeit  
handelt, im Vergleich dazu vorrangig) besichert. 
(3) 
Limitation. The undertakings pursuant to § 2(2) shall not 
apply: 
 
(3) 
Beschränkung. Die Verpflichtungserklärungen nach 
§ 2(2) gelten nicht: 
(a) 
to any security interest which is mandatory according 
to applicable laws or required as prerequisite for 
governmental approvals; or 
(a) 
für Sicherungsrechte, die nach anwendbarem Recht 
zwingend vorgeschrieben sind oder Voraussetzung 
für die Gewährung staatlicher Genehmigungen 
sind; oder 
(b) 
with respect to any security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) provided by any Subsidiary over any 
of such Subsidiary's claims against the Issuer, which 
claims arise as a result of the passing on to the Issuer 
of the proceeds from the issue by such Subsidiary of 
any Capital Market Indebtedness, provided that any 
such security serves solely to secure obligations under 
such Capital Market Indebtedness issued by such 
Subsidiary. 
(b) 
für dingliche Sicherungsrechte, die von einer 
Tochtergesellschaft an Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin bestellt werden, die ihr aufgrund der 
Weiterleitung 
von 
erzielten 
Erlösen 
der 
Tochtergesellschaft aus 
der 
Begebung 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten erzielten Erlösen 
der Tochtergesellschaft an die Emittentin zustehen, 
vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Sicherheiten 
dienen 
ausschließlich 
der 
Besicherung 
von 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
von 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
begebenen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten. 
(4) 
Provision of Additional Security. Whenever the Issuer 
becomes obligated to secure (or procure that a Material 
Subsidiary secures) the Notes pursuant to § 2(2), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to discharge such obligation by providing 
(or procure that the relevant Material Subsidiary provides) a 
security interest in the relevant collateral to a security 
trustee, such security trustee to hold such collateral and the 
security interest that gave rise to the creation of such 
collateral, equally (dinglich oder, falls rechtlich nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig), for the benefit of the Noteholders and the 
holders of the Capital Market Indebtedness secured by the 
security interest that gave rise to the creation of such security 
interest in such collateral. 
 
(4) 
Bestellung zusätzlicher Sicherheiten. Entsteht für die 
Emittentin die Verpflichtung zur Besicherung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 2(2) (oder entsteht die 
Verpflichtung, für deren Besicherung durch eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft Sorge zu tragen), so ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, diese Verpflichtung dadurch zu 
erfüllen, dass ein Sicherungsrecht an dem jeweiligen 
Sicherungsgegenstand 
zugunsten 
eines 
Sicherheitentreuhänders begründet wird (bzw. dadurch, 
dass sie die betreffende Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
zur 
Begründung 
eines 
solchen 
Sicherungsrechts 
veranlassen), und zwar in einer Weise, dass der 
Sicherheitentreuhänder diesen 
Sicherungsgegenstand 
dinglich oder, falls rechtlich nicht möglich, aufgrund

--- Page 81 ---
81 
schuldrechtlicher Vereinbarung gleichrangig zugunsten 
der Anleihegläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen und der 
Anleihegläubiger 
derjenigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit hält, die aufgrund einer 
Besicherung mit einem Sicherungsrecht zur Bestellung 
dieses 
Sicherungsrechts 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Sicherungsgegenstand führte. 
§ 3 
INTERES T 
 
§ 3 
VERZINSUNG 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear 
interest on their Specified 
Denomination from 
(and 
including) 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and thereafter from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to but  
excluding the next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Interest Payment Date" means [in the case of 
Specified Interest Payment Dates the following 
applies: each [Specified Interest Payment Dates]] [in 
the case of Specified Interest Periods, the following 
applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[number] [weeks] [months] [other specified periods] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date]. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet [im Falle von 
festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen, gilt folgendes:  
jeden [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage]] [im Falle 
von festgelegten Zinsperioden gilt folgendes: 
(soweit 
diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
den Tag, der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere 
festgelegte Zeiträume] nach dem vorangehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
oder 
im 
Fall 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
liegt]. 
(2) 
Business Day Convention. If any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it shall be: [in the 
case of the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] [in the case of 
the FRN 
Convention, the following 
applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls [number] 
[months] [other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] [in case of the 
Following Business Day Convention, the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day.] [in case of the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: the immediately 
preceding Business Day.] 
(2) 
Geschäftstagekonvention. 
Fällt 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
einen 
Tag, der 
kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) ist, so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
[im 
Falle 
der 
modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
gilt 
folgendes: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] [Im Falle der FRN-Konvention gilt 
folgendes: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
(i) wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) 
ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils 
letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume] nach 
dem vorangehenden anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag 
liegt.] [im Falle der folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
gilt 
folgendes: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] [im 
Falle 
der 
vorhergegangener 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention gilt folgendes: auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(3) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of 
Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate 
(as defined below) [in case of a Margin the following 
applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(as defined in § 6). 
(3) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachfolgend definiert) ist, sofern 
nachfolgend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der Referenzsatz (wie nachfolgend definiert) [im 
Falle einer Marge gilt folgendes: [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) erfolgen. 
"Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will be, 
"Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
(a) 
as long as no Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3[(10)]) has occurred, 
(a) 
entspricht, solange kein Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie in § 3[(10)] definiert) eingetreten ist, 
(i) 
the Original Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; or 
(i) 
dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(ii) 
if the Original Benchmark Rate does not 
appear on the Screen Page as at such time 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, but no Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Reference Bank Rate on that 
Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) 
falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, 
aber 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
dem 
Referenzbankensatz 
an 
diesem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the 
definition of such term, but no Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the "Reference Rate" 
shall be the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate was 
displayed; and 
 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht 
gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs 
festgestellt werden kann, aber kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, ist 
der "Referenzsatz" der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite 
an 
dem 
letzten Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt wurde; und 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, determined 
in accordance with § 3[(10)] for each Interest 
Period commencing on or after the Effective 
Date (as defined in § 3[(10)] (g)). 
(b) 
wird, 
wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, für jede Zinsperiode, die an 
oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 3[(10)](g) 
definiert) beginnt, gemäß § 3[(10)] bestimmt. 
[In case of a Margin the following applies: "Margin" 
means [Margin] per cent. per annum.] 
[Im Falle einer Marge gilt folgendes: Die "Marge" 
beträgt [Marge] % per annum.] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means the [1 / 3 / 6 
/12]-months Euro Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) fixed at, and appearing on, the 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day. 
 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem Tag ist die 
um 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) gefixte und auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigte [1 / 3 / 6 /12]-Monats Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) an diesem Tag. 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) at which the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) offer to prime banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market and in a Representative Amount, assuming 
an Actual/360 day count basis, deposits in Euro at 
 
"Referenzbankensatz" bezeichnet den (als Prozentsatz 
per annum ausgedrückten) Satz für Einlagen in Euro für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
und 
über 
einen 
Repräsentativen Betrag (auf Grundlage des Actual/360 
Zinstagequotienten), den die Referenzbanken (wie

--- Page 83 ---
83 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period 
determined as follows: The Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Reference Bank Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
nachstehend definiert) gegenüber führenden Banken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag quotieren, und der wie 
folgt 
bestimmt wird: Die Emittentin wird jede Referenzbank 
bitten, der 
Berechnungsstelle 
ihren Angebotssatz 
mitzuteilen. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist der 
Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste tausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,0005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wobei 
alle Feststellungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only one or 
none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by major 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, selected by the 
Issuer, at which such banks offer, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, loans in Euro for the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount to leading European 
banks. 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nur eine 
oder keine der Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle die 
im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
der 
Satz 
per 
annum, 
den 
die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste 
tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der 
Sätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin ausgewählt e 
Großbanken im Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um ca. 
11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) der Berechnungsstelle auf 
Bitte der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu 
dem sie an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
Darlehen in Euro für die betreffende Zinsperiode und 
über einen Repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden 
europäischen Banken anbieten. 
Where: 
Dabei gilt Folgendes:  
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 
or such other screen page of Reuters or such other 
information service which is the successor to the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 
oder 
eine 
andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, welche die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of those member 
states of the European Union that have adopted, or will have 
adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 
7 February 1992) and the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 
1997, as further amended from time to time. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die gemäß dem 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) und den 
Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997, in seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche 
Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Issuer. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten großen Banken im Interbankenmarkt der 
Euro-Zone. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time. 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, der 
zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt in dem jeweiligen Markt 
für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is operating. 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an 
dem das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross

--- Page 84 ---
84 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) 
betriebsbereit ist. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second 
TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten TARGET 
Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
[In the case a short/long [first] [last] coupon and 
interpolation is applicable, the following applies: 
 
[Falls ein kurzer oder langer [erster] [letzter] Kupon 
sowie Interpolation anwendbar ist, gilt folgendes: 
In respect of the [first] [last] Interest Period, the Reference 
Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in a commercially reasonably 
manner using the straight-line interpolation by reference to 
two reference rates, one of which shall be determined for a 
term for which a reference rate similar to the Reference Rate 
is available and which is next closest to but shorter than the 
applicable Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a reference rate similar to 
the Reference Rate is available and which is next closest to 
but longer than the applicable Interest Period.] 
 
Für 
die 
[erste] 
[letzte] 
Zinsperiode 
legt 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag in kaufmännisch vernünftiger Weise 
durch 
lineare 
Interpolation 
zwischen 
zwei 
Referenzsätzen fest, von denen der eine Referenzsatz für 
einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt und der 
der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten 
kommt, aber kürzer als diese ist und der andere 
Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für 
den 
es 
einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz gibt und der der Länge der anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, aber länger als diese 
ist.] 
[(4) In case of a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, 
the following applies: [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate 
of Interest.] 
 
[(4) Im Falle eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz gilt 
folgendes: [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the following 
applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
 
[Im Falle eines Mindestzinssatzes gilt folgendes: Wenn 
der gemäß 
den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger 
ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz], 
so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest, the following 
applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate of 
Interest].] 
 
[Im Falle eines Höchstzinssatzes gilt folgendes: Wenn 
der gemäß 
den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz], 
so 
ist der 
Zinssatz für 
diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon 
as practicable after each Interest Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to each 
Specified Denomination and rounding the resulting figure [if 
the Specified Currency is Euro insert: to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards.] [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro insert: to the nearest minimum unit of 
the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards.] 
 
[(5)] Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird 
zu 
oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag, den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zinsbetrag bezogen 
auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. 
Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf jede 
Festgelegten Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag [falls die Festgelegte Währung 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,005 Euro aufgerundet werden.] 
[falls die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
auf die kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- 
oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden.] 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest 
 
[(6)] Mitteilung 
von 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinsbetrag. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, 
der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and to the Noteholders by notice in accordance 
with § 14 and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are from time to time listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, to such stock exchange, without 
undue delay, but in no event later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to any relevant stock exchange on 
which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with § 14. 
jeweilige Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszahlungstag 
der Emittentin und den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 und jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
unverzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können 
der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. 
Jede 
solche 
Anpassung 
wird 
umgehend 
allen 
maßgeblichen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, sowie den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, 
options, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
 
[(7)] Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Einschätzungen, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für die 
Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die 
Zahlstellen und die Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
[(8)] Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding amount from (and including) the due date until 
(but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at 
the default rate of interest established by law2. Claims for 
further damages in case of late payment are not excluded. 
 
[(8)] Zahlungsverzug. Wenn die Emittentin aus irgendeinem 
Grund Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wird der ausstehende Betrag vom 
Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) 
mit 
dem 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Verzugszins[2] verzinst. Die Geltendmachung eines 
weitergehenden Schadens ist nicht ausgeschlossen. 
[(9)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[(9)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum 
(der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) the 
following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual (ISDA) gilt 
folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls 
ein Teil dieses Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, und (B) 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden Tage des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert 
durch 365). 
[In case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365.] 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
                                                             
2 The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to 
time, sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichen Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 
Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
[In case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/360 gilt folgendes: die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following 
applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st 
day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is 
a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf 
den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der 
diesen letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den 
letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following 
applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu 
ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums 
des 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
Tages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[(10)] Benchmark Event. 
[(10)] Benchmark-Ereignis. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate, the relevant Reference Rate and the 
interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3(3) will be 
determined as follows: 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt für die 
Bestimmung des betreffenden Referenzsatzes und die 
Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3(3) 
Folgendes: 
(a) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is (in the Issuer's view) required following the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, endeavour to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, who will determine 
a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in § 3[(10)](f)), 
the Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3[(10)](f)) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
§ 3[(10)](d)). 
(a) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich 
bemühen, 
sobald 
dies 
(nach 
Ansicht der 
Emittentin) nach 
Eintritt des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
und 
vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich 
ist, 
einen 
Unabhängigen Berater zu benennen, der einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz (wie 
in 
§ 3[(10)](f) 
definiert), 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
(wie 
in 
§ 3[(10)](f) definiert) und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen (gemäß § 3[(10)](d)) festlegt. 
(b) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
(b) 
Ausweichsatz 
(fallback). 
Wenn 
vor 
dem 
10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(i) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(i) 
die Emittentin keinen Unabhängigen Berater 
ernannt hat; oder

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it has not 
determined a New 
Benchmark Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3[(10)], 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)] festgelegt hat, 
 
the Reference Rate applicable to the next 
Interest Period shall be the Original Benchmark 
Rate determined on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für die 
nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance 
with this § 3[(10)] (b) is to be applied, § 3[(10)] 
will be operated again to determine the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable 
to the next 
subsequent (and, if required, further subsequent) 
Interest Period(s). 
 
Falls 
der 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)](b) 
bestimmte Ausweichsatz 
(fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3[(10)] erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für die 
nächste 
nachfolgende 
(und, 
sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate. If the Independent Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. Falls der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(i) 
there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then such 
Successor Benchmark Rate shall subsequently 
be the New Benchmark Rate; or 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz; oder 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then 
such 
Alternative Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
aber einen Alternativ-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz der 
Neue Benchmarksatz. 
 
In each such case the "Reference Rate" for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods will then be (x) the 
New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus (y) the Adjustment 
Spread. 
 
In jedem 
dieser 
Fälle 
entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" 
für 
die 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode und alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
dann 
dem 
(x) 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3[(10)], and if the Independent Adviser determines 
that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Independent Adviser will 
determine the Benchmark Amendments and the Issuer 
will 
give notice thereof in accordance with 
§ 3[(10)](e). 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)] 
festgelegt werden, und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater feststellt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich 
dieser Anleihebedingungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-Änderungen"), 
dann 
wird 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen, und 
die 
Emittentin wird diese durch eine Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 3[(10)](e) bekanntmachen. 
 
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without 
limitation, the following conditions of these Terms 
and Conditions: 
 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate including the "Screen Page" 
and/or the method for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
(i) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder die Methode zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
fallback) für den Referenzsatz einschließlich 
des Referenzbankensatzes; und/oder 
(ii) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", 
"Business Day Convention", "Interest Period", 
"Day Count Fraction", "Interest Determination 
Date" and/or "Interest Payment Date" (including 
the determination whether the Reference Rate 
will be determined on a forward looking or a 
backward looking basis); and/or 
(ii) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe "Geschäftstag", 
"Geschäftstagekonvention", "Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder "Zinszahlungstag" (einschließlich 
der Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- 
oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird); 
und/oder 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3[(10)] to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
§ 14, the Noteholders as soon as such notification is 
(in the Issuer's view) required following the 
determination thereof, but in any event not later than 
on the 10th Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the Effective Date. 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)] dem 
Fiscal 
Agent, der 
Berechnungsstelle, den Zahlstellen und gemäß 
§ 14 den Anleihegläubigern mitteilen, und zwar 
sobald eine solche Mitteilung (nach Ansicht der 
Emittentin) nach deren Feststellung erforderlich 
ist, spätestens jedoch an dem 10. Geschäftstag 
vor dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine 
solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat den 
Stichtag zu benennen. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as 
specified in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. The Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended 
by the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the Effective Date. 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen, die jeweils in der Mitteilung 
benannt werden, sind für die Emittentin, den 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen und die Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Die Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem Stichtag 
als durch den Neuen Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
On the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent and to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorized signatories of 
the Issuer: 
Am Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die Emittentin dem 
Fiscal Agent und der Berechnungsstelle eine 
durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte 
der 
Emittentin unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu 
übergeben, die 
(i) 
 
(i) 
 
(A) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
(A) 
bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(B) 
specifying the relevant New Benchmark 
Rate determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 3[(10)]; 
(B) 
den nach Maßgabe der Bestimmungen 
dieses § 3[(10)] festgestellten Neuen 
Benchmarksatz benennt; 
(C) 
specifying 
the applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), each determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this § 3[(10)]; and 
(C) 
die entsprechende Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
benennt, die jeweils nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3[(10)] 
festgestellt wurden; und 
(D) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(D) 
den Stichtag benennt; und 
(ii) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any, are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such relevant New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(ii) 
bestätigt, dass 
die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3[(10)]: 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in § 3[(10)]: 
 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points and 
means either (a) the spread, or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, which 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ oder 
gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die 
Spanne oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung der 
Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, 
die 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Benchmarksatzes formell im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
von dem Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wird; oder 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate) is customarily applied to 
the New Benchmark Rate in the international debt capital 
markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
benchmark rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable discretion; or 
 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde oder im Fall 
eines Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) üblicherweise an den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten auf den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, um einen industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen werden; 
oder 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied) is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original 
Benchmark Rate, where the Original 
Benchmark Rate has been replaced by the New Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
 
(3) 
(sofern der Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
feststellt, dass keine solche Spanne üblicherweise 
angewendet wird) als industrieweit Standard für Over-
the-Counter Derivatetransaktionen, die sich auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz beziehen, anerkannt und 
bestätigt ist, wenn der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
durch den Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt worden ist, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
 "Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark 
or screen rate which is customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purpose of determining 
floating rates of interest in the Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion. 
 
 "Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet eine alternative 
Benchmark oder einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. 
der 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung 
von variablen 
Zinssätzen in der Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
 "Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in 
§ 3[(10)](d). 
 
 "Benchmark Änderungen" hat die Bedeutung wie in § 
3[(10)](d) festgelegt. 
 A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
 Ein "Benchmark Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator 
stating 
that 
said 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
unless, at the time of the statement or publication, there is a 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine Veröffentlichung 
von Informationen durch oder im Namen der für den 
Administrator des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde vorgenommen wird, aus 
der 
hervorgeht, dass 
dieser 
Administrator die 
Bereitstellung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei denn, es gibt zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung 
oder 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz weiterhin bereitstellt; oder 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator is 
made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Original Benchmark Rate permanently or 
 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine Veröffentlichung 
von Informationen durch 
oder im 
Namen 
des 
Administrators des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, die besagt, dass der Administrator

--- Page 90 ---
90 
indefinitely, unless, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is a successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
die Bereitstellung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei denn, es gibt zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung 
oder 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz weiterhin bereitstellt; oder 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate is no longer representative, or will 
no longer be representative, of the underlying market it 
purports to measure and no action to remediate such a 
situation is taken or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator; or 
 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer 
Ansicht 
nach 
nicht mehr 
repräsentativ für den zugrunde liegenden Markt, den er 
zu messen vorgibt, ist oder sein wird, und keine von der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes geforderten Maßnahmen zur Behebung 
einer solchen Situation ergriffen worden sind oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or 
regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(4) 
die Verwendung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
aus irgendeinem Grund nach einem Gesetz oder einer 
Verordnung, die in Bezug auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder jeden Dritten 
anwendbar sind, rechtswidrig geworden ist; oder 
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently no longer 
published without a previous official announcement by the 
competent authority or the administrator; or 
 
(5) 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz ohne vorherige 
offizielle Ankündigung durch die zuständige Behörde 
oder 
den 
Administrator dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird; oder 
(6) 
material change is made to the Original Benchmark Rate 
methodology. 
 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der Methodologie des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes vorgenommen wird. 
 "Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wurde. 
 "New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Benchmark Rate determined 
in accordance with this § 3[(10)]. 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem § 3[(10)] bestimmten Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
 "Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the 
replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung in der die Benchmark 
oder der Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird oder eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss gefördert 
durch, geführt oder mitgeführt von oder gebildet von (a) 
der Zentralbank für die Währung in der die Benchmark 
oder der Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird, (b) einer 
Zentralbank oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist, (c) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (d) dem Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) oder Teilen davon. 
 "Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial 
 
 "Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit internationalem

--- Page 91 ---
91 
adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer. 
Ansehen oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung in internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
(g) 
The effective date for the application of the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and 
the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under this § 3[(10)] (the 
"Effective Date") will be the Interest Determination Date 
falling on or after the earliest of the following dates: 
 
(g) 
Der 
Stichtag 
für 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, der 
Anpassungsspanne und 
der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)] (der "Stichtag") ist der Zinsfestsetzungstag, der 
auf den frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder diesem 
nachfolgt: 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of 
clauses (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of 
publication of the Original Benchmark Rate or of the 
discontinuation of the Original Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be; or 
(i) 
den Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes eingestellt wird 
bzw. an dem der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (1), (2) oder (3) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of 
clauses (5) or (6) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event; or 
(ii) 
den Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
der 
Absätze (5) oder (6) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of 
clause (4) of the definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the prohibition applies. 
(iii) den Tag, ab dem der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
nicht mehr verwendet werden darf, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (4) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New 
Benchmark Rate, § 3[(10)] shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the replacement of such New Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
as the case may be. In this case, any reference in this 
§ 3[(10)] to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the New Benchmark Rate that 
last applied. 
 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser § 3[(10)] entsprechend 
für die Ersetzung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes durch 
einen neuen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesem § 3[(10)] auf den Begriff Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz als 
Bezugnahme auf 
den zuletzt 
verwendeten Neuen Benchmarksatz. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal and 
interest in respect of Notes shall be made, in accordance with 
§ 4(2), to the Paying Agent for forwarding to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(1) 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des § 4(2) an die Zahlstelle zur 
Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, in accordance with § 4(2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1(3) (b). 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des § 4(2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar 
nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher oder 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
werden auf die Schuldverschreibungen fällige Zahlungen 
in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(4) 
Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Business Day then the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to 
further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
(4) 
Geschäftstag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag ist, so hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag am 
jeweiligen Ort und ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the following 
applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
(i) the Clearing System as well as (ii) all relevant parts of the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to 
effect payments.] 
 
[Wenn die Festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem sowie (ii) alle 
maßgeblichen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) 
betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
Zahlungen 
vorzunehmen.] 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which (i) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in [relevant financial center(s)] and (ii) 
the Clearing System are generally open for business and 
settle payments.] 
 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
(i) Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] und 
(ii) das Clearingsystem für Geschäfte geöffnet sind bzw. 
Zahlungen abwickeln.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in these 
Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the principal 
amount per Note, [if the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a transaction related event, the following 
applies [Why only in case of a transaction related event?]: 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount, ] Additional Amounts 
and any other premium and any other amounts which may 
be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Nennbetrag 
je 
Schuldverschreibung, 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen bei Eintritt 
eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag, ] 
Zusätzliche Beträge und alle Aufschläge oder sonstigen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder im Zusammenhang 
damit gegebenenfalls zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen 
in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gegebenenfalls 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
Zusätzlichen Beträge ein.  
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit 
with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
principal or interest not claimed by Noteholders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such 
Noteholders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. 
If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Noteholders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Kapital- 
oder 
Zinsbeträge 
zu 
hinterlegen, die 
von den 
Anleihegläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten 
nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Anleihegläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und 
auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen 
die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) 
Payments Subject to Applicable Law. Payments will be 
subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of § 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
 
(7) 
Zahlungen vorbehaltlich von gesetzlichen Regelungen. 
Alle Zahlungen erfolgen unter Vorbehalt (i), unbeschadet 
der Regelungen in § 7, sämtlichen steuerrechtlichen 
Regelungen oder anderen Gesetzen und Regelungen, die 
solche Zahlungen betreffen, und (ii) einer Einbehaltung 
oder eines Abzugs gemäß Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") oder 
anderer Regelungen gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis

--- Page 93 ---
93 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of § 7) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
1474 des Codes sowie sämtlichen darunter erlassenen 
Vorschriften, 
förmlichen 
Interpretationen 
und 
(unbeschadet der Regelungen in § 7) Umsetzungsakten, 
die auf zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarungen beruhen. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in 
whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall 
be redeemed at their principal amount on or around [in the 
case of a specified Maturity Date insert: [insert Maturity 
Date]] [in the case of a Redemption Month insert: the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption 
Month]] (the "Maturity Date"). 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag am oder um den [im Fall eines festgelegten 
Endfälligkeitstages 
einfügen: 
[Endfälligkeitstag 
einfügen]] 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats 
einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat einfügen]] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, 
or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation 
or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment 
or change becomes effective on or after the date on which 
the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer 
is required to pay Additional Amounts on the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of measures available to the 
Issuer, which are, in the judgement of the Issuer, in each case 
taking into account the interests of Noteholders, reasonable, 
the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the 
option of the Issuer, on the next Interest Payment Date upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14 to the Noteholders, at the principal amount 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen durch 
Erklärung gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 14 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern gekündigt und zu 
ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze und 
Vorschriften der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion im 
Hinblick auf die Emittentin, die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher Art 
betreffen, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der offiziellen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung 
oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der letzten Tranche dieser 
Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht 
durch das Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen, die nach Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin zumutbar sind (wobei jeweils die Interessen 
der Anleihegläubiger zu berücksichtigen sind) vermieden 
werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Notes was then due, or (ii) if 
at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 
90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dann 
fällig 
wäre, 
oder 
(ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 14. It 
shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 14 zu erfolgen. Sie 
ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control. 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger 
bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) 
If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date, 
each Noteholder shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
in whole or in part his Notes at the principal amount 
per Note together with accrued and unpaid interest up 
to (but excluding) the Put Date (the "Put Option"). 
Such Put Option shall operate as set out below under 
§ 5(3) (b)-(c). 
(a) 
Tritt nach dem Begebungstag ein Kontrollwechsel 
ein, so ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, aber 
nicht verpflichtet, von der 
Emittentin die 
vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung oder, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin, den vollständigen oder 
teilweisen Ankauf (oder die Veranlassung eines 
Ankaufs) seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Nennbetrag je Schuldverschreibung zuzüglich bis 
zum 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungst ag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener aber noch nicht 
gezahlter 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Rückzahlungswahlrecht 
ist 
wie 
nachstehend unter § 5(3) (b)-(c) beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred 
at each time (whether or not approved by the board of 
managing directors or supervisory board of the Issuer) that: 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt jedes Mal in einem der 
folgenden Fälle als eingetreten (unabhängig davon, ob 
die 
Geschäftsführung 
oder 
der 
Aufsichtsrat der 
Emittentin zugestimmt hat), wenn: 
(i)  
any Person and/or Persons acting in concert acquires 
Control; or 
(i) 
eine Person bzw. gemeinsam handelnde Personen 
erwerben Kontrolle; oder 
(ii) 
the Issuer sells or otherwise transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to any Person (except for 
any Controlled Subsidiary). 
(ii) 
die Emittentin ihr gesamtes oder im Wesentlichen 
ihr gesamtes Vermögen an eine Person (die keine 
Abhängige Tochtergesellschaft ist) verkauft oder 
in sonstiger Weise überträgt. 
"Control" means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial 
ownership or any legal or beneficial entitlement (as defined 
in section 34 of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG)) of, in the aggregate, 
more than 50 per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer. 
 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder eine 
rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Berechtigung (im Sinne 
von § 34 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes (WpHG)) an 
insgesamt mehr als 50 % der stimmberechtigten Aktien 
der Emittentin. 
"Controlled Subsidiary" means any entity controlled 
(abhängiges Unternehmen) by the Issuer within the meaning 
of section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
"Abhängige Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 17 des Aktiengesetzes (AktG) 
abhängiges Unternehmen. 
(b) 
If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer shall, without 
undue delay, after the Issuer becoming aware thereof, give 
notice of the Change of Control (a "Put Event Notice") to 
the Noteholders in accordance with § 14 specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for 
exercising the Put Option contained in this § 5(3) (including 
the information on the Clearing System account of the 
Paying Agent for purposes of subparagraph (c)(ii) of this 
§ 5(3)). 
 
(b) 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin dies 
unverzüglich, nachdem die Emittentin davon Kenntnis 
erlangt hat, den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mit (eine 
"Anleihegläubigerwahl- 
Rückzahlungsereignis-
Mitteilung") und gibt dabei die Art des Kontrollwechsels 
und das in diesem § 5(3) vorgesehene Verfahren zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts 
an 
(mit 
Angaben 
zum 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle für die Zwecke von 
Teilziffer (c)(ii) dieses § 5(3)). 
(c) 
To exercise the Put Option, the Noteholder must deliver on 
any Business Day within 30 days after a Put Event Notice 
has been published (the "Put Period") (i) to the Fiscal Agent 
at its specified office a duly signed and completed notice of 
exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Fiscal 
Agent (a "Put Notice") and (ii) the aggregate Specified 
Denomination of Notes for which the Noteholder wishes to 
 
(c) 
Zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts muss der Anleihegläubiger an 
einem Geschäftstag innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem 
die Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung 
bekannt gegeben wurde (der "Ausübungszeitraum"), 
(i) bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent 
eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete

--- Page 95 ---
95 
exercise its Put Option either by transferring such Notes to 
the Clearing System account of the Paying Agent or by 
withdrawal of such Notes from such Noteholder's account in 
accordance with the procedures of the Clearing System. The 
Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the relevant Note(s) on the date (the "Put 
Date") seven days after the expiration of the Put Period 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made in 
accordance with the customary procedures through the 
Clearing System. A Put Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei dem Fiscal Agent 
erhältlichen maßgeblichen 
Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Ausübungserklärung") 
und 
(ii) Schuldverschreibungen in Höhe des Gesamtbetrags 
der Festgelegten Stückelung einreichen, für die der 
Anleihegläubiger 
sein 
Anleihegläubiger -
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ausüben möchte, und zwar 
entweder 
durch 
Übertragung 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
durch 
Ausbuchung 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen aus dem Wertpapierdepot des 
Anleihegläubigers 
gemäß 
den 
Verfahren 
des 
Clearingsystems. Die Emittentin wird die betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) sieben Tage nach Ablauf des 
Ausübungszeitraums 
(der 
"Rückzahlungstag") 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl ankaufen (oder 
ankaufen lassen), soweit sie nicht bereits vorher 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet wurde(n). 
Die Zahlung in Bezug auf solchermaßen eingereichte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt gemäß den üblichen 
Verfahren über das Clearingsystem. Eine einmal 
abgegebene Ausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption in case of 
minimal outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes, the following applies: 
[Im Falle einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, gilt 
folgendes: 
(4) 
Early Redemption in case of minimal outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes. If 80 per cent. or more of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
have been redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any direct 
or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to the provisions 
of this § 5, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with 
§ 14, redeem at any time, at its option, the remaining Notes 
as a whole at the principal amount thereof plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption on the 
next Interest Payment Date.] 
 
(4) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen. Wenn 
80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der zum 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach diesem § 5 von der 
Emittentin oder 
einer 
direkten 
oder 
indirekten 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft wurden, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach 
vorheriger 
Bekanntmachung 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer Wahl 
alle 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Nennbetrag 
zuzüglich 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen am nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a transaction related 
event, the following applies: 
[Falls 
die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a transaction related event. 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger 
Notice in accordance with the requirements set out 
below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with 
sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt oder teilweise) 
durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den 
nachstehend aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß 
Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr

--- Page 96 ---
96 
redeemed at the Transaction Trigger Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to but  
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date.  
Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung 
an dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Transaktions-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
"Transaction" means 
[insert 
description 
of 
envisaged transaction for which the Notes are 
intended to be issued for refinancing purposes].  
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten Transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period from 
[insert issue date] to [insert end of period date]. 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum ab dem [Begebungstag einfügen] bis 
zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice 
to the Noteholders given in accordance with paragraph 
(b) and § 14 within the Transaction Notice Period that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to its 
completion or that the Transaction will not be settled 
for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice shall 
also specify the Trigger Redemption Date. 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß Absatz (b) und § 14 
innerhalb der Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass 
die Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet 
wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht durchgeführt wird oder dass die 
Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, dass sie nicht 
länger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen. 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to 
call the Notes for redemption following the 
occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by 
giving notice in accordance with § 14. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach Eintritt eines 
der 
oben bezeichneten 
Ereignisse durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 
verzichten. 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per 
Note means 
[●] per 
cent of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination.  
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung [●] % pro 
Festgelegte Stückelung. 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the 
next Interest Payment Date specified 
in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not less 
than 30 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger 
Notice.  
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten nächsten Zinszahlungstag, der nicht 
weniger 
als 30 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant 
to paragraph (a) by publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 14 which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
 
(b) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
die 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(a) durch 
Veröffentlichung einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 14 zu 
erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und hat 
folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii)  whether the Notes will be redeemed in whole or in 
part and, if only in part, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt werden und im 
letzteren Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System. 
 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of 
Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear either as a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear.]] 
[Fall die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von Clearstream 
Luxemburg 
und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrages wiedergegeben.]] 
§ 6 
FISCAL 
AGENT, 
PAYING 
AGENT 
AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL 
AGENT, 
ZAHLSTELLE 
UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent, the 
initial Paying Agent and the initial Calculation Agent and 
their initial specified offices shall be: 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich 
bestellte Fiscal Agent, die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle 
und die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren 
anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie 
folgt: 
"Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent": 
"Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
"Calculation Agent": 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] [name and specified office] 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [Name und bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle] 
The Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
reserve the right at any time to change their specified offices 
to some other office in the same country. 
 
Der 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or 
additional or other Paying Agents or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, 
a Paying Agent and a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or other change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 14. 
 
(2) 
Änderung oder Beendigung der Bestellung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen 
anderen Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen 
Fiscal Agent, eine Zahlstelle und eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Beendigung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 14 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and any other paying agent appointed 
pursuant to subsection (2) act solely as the agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Noteholder. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent, die 
Zahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle und jede andere nach 
Absatz (2) bestellte Zahlstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
may engage the advice or services of any lawyers or other 
experts whose advice or services it deems necessary and 
may rely upon any advice so obtained. Neither the Fiscal 
Agent nor the Paying Agent nor the Calculation Agent will 
incur any liability as against the Issuer or the Noteholders in 
respect of any action taken, or not taken, or suffered to be 
taken, or not taken, in accordance with such advice in good 
faith. 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle 
können den Rat eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder 
anderer Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine solche 
Beratung verlassen. Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle, die 
Berechnungsstelle übernehmen keine Haftung gegenüber 
der 
Emittentin bzw. 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben 
im Einklang mit einer solchen Beratung getätigt, 
unterlassen oder geduldet wurden. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
§ 7 
BESTEUERUNG 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made, 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied at source by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of any jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised, 
engaged in business, resident for tax purposes or generally 
subject to tax on a net income basis or through or from which 
payment on the Notes is made or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (each, 
a 
"Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction"), 
unless 
such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding with respect to amounts payable in respect of 
the Notes is required by law, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von 
oder im Namen eines Landes, in dem die Emittentin 
gegründet wurde, geschäftstätig, steuerlich ansässig oder 
grundsätzlich mit ihren Nettoeinkünften steuerpflichtig 
ist oder über das oder aus dem Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet werden, oder einer 
steuererhebungsberechtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder 
Steuerbehörde 
dieses 
Landes 
(jeweils 
eine 
"Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion") im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts an der Quelle auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein Einbehalt 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
zu 
zahlenden 
Beträge 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"Zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Anleihegläubigern 
erhalten worden wären; eine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für 
solche Steuern oder Abgaben: 
(a) 
are payable by any Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Noteholder, or otherwise 
in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it, or 
(a) 
die von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
im Namen eines Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person zu entrichten sind oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin 
von den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt, 
oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection with 
the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and not merely by 
(b) 
die aufgrund einer bestehenden oder früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zur 
Maßgeblichen

--- Page 99 ---
99 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived 
from sources in, or are secured in, the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction, or 
Steuerjurisdiktion zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen 
in 
der 
Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind, oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European 
Union Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation 
of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the 
Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is 
a party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen oder 
Vereinbarungen 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
denen 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die der 
Umsetzung dieser Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
dieses Abkommens oder dieser Vereinbarung dient, 
diesen entspricht oder zur Anpassung an diese 
eingeführt wurde, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten 
sind, oder 
(d) 
would not have been imposed or withheld but for the 
failure of the Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
(including, for these purposes, any financial institution 
through which the Noteholder or beneficial owner holds 
the Notes or through which payment on the Notes is 
made), following a written request by or on behalf of the 
Issuer addressed to the Noteholder or beneficial owner 
(and made at a time that would enable the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply with that 
request, and in all events, at least 30 days before any 
withholding or deduction would be required), to comply 
with any certification, identification, information or 
other reporting requirement whether required by statute, 
treaty, regulation or administrative practice of a 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, that is a precondition to 
exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or 
withholding of, taxes imposed by the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
a 
certification that the Noteholder or beneficial owner is 
not resident in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), but in 
each case, only to the extent the Noteholder or beneficial 
owner is legally entitled to provide such certification, 
information or documentation, or 
 
(d) 
die nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden wären, 
wenn 
es 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(für 
die 
vorliegenden 
Zwecke einschließlich Finanzinstitute, über die der 
Anleihegläubiger oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
hält oder über die 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen) 
nicht unterlassen hätte, nach einer an den 
Anleihegläubiger oder wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
gerichteten 
schriftlichen 
Aufforderung 
der 
Emittentin oder in deren Namen (die so rechtzeitig 
erfolgt, dass 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bzw. 
der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer dieser Aufforderung mit 
zumutbaren Anstrengungen nachkommen kann, in 
jedem Fall aber mindestens 30 Tage, bevor ein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug erforderlich wäre), einer 
aufgrund von Gesetzen, Abkommen, Verordnungen 
oder der Verwaltungspraxis in einer Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion vorgeschrieben Bescheinigungs-, 
Identifizierungs-, Informations-, oder sonstigen 
Nachweispflicht nachzukommen, die Voraussetzung 
für eine Befreiung von in der Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion erhobenen Steuern oder eine 
Reduzierung der Höhe des Abzugs oder Einbehalts 
solcher Steuern ist (u. a. eine Bescheinigung, dass der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bzw. 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
nicht 
in 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion ansässig ist), jedoch jeweils nur, 
soweit der Anleihegläubiger bzw. der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
rechtlich 
berechtigt 
ist, 
die 
Bescheinigung, Information oder Dokumentation 
vorzulegen, oder 
(e) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof 
is published in accordance with § 14, whichever occurs 
later, or 
 
(e) 
die wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 14 wirksam wird, oder 
(f) 
any combinations of items (a)-(e), 
(f) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(e). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to 
any payment on a Note to a Noteholder who is a fiduciary or 
partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of 
such payment to the extent such payment would be required 
by the laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, 
settlor, member or beneficial owner been the Noteholder of 
the Note. 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im Hinblick 
auf Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen an einen 
Anleihegläubiger gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als 
Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger 
nicht alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer der Zahlung 
erhält, soweit nach den Gesetzen der Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion eine solche Zahlung für Steuerzwecke 
dem Einkommen des Begünstigten bzw. Gründers eines 
Treuhandvermögens oder eines Gesellschafters der 
Personengesellschaft zugerechnet würde, der jeweils 
selbst nicht zum Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen 
berechtigt gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens, 
Gesellschafter 
oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer selbst Anleihegläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of the custodian bank and 
the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed 
thereon pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date 
do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect 
of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer. 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die gegenwärtig 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland gemäß dem zum 
Begebungstag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der 
Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und der darauf 
anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuern oder 
Abgaben der vorstehend beschriebenen Art darstellen, für 
die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
wären. 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The 
presentation period 
provided 
in 
section 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
Die 
in 
§ 801 
Abs. 1 
Satz 1 
BGB 
bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
(1) 
Events of default. If an Event of Default occurs and is 
continuing, each Noteholder shall be entitled to declare due 
and payable by submitting a Termination Notice pursuant to 
§ 9(2) to the Paying Agent its entire claims arising from the 
Notes and demand immediate redemption thereof at the 
principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment. Each of the following 
is an "Event of Default": 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. Tritt ein Kündigungsgrund ein und 
dauert dieser an, so ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
seine 
sämtlichen 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 9(2) gegenüber 
der 
Zahlstelle fällig zu stellen und deren unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Tage der Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen. Jedes der folgenden 
Ereignisse stellt einen "Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal, interest or any other 
amounts due under the Notes within 30 days from the 
relevant due date; or 
(a) 
die Emittentin zahlt auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge oder sonstige 
Beträge nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
Fälligkeit; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes and such failure, if capable of 
remedy, continues unremedied for more than 60 days 
after the Paying Agent has received a written request 
thereof in the manner set forth in § 9(2) from a 
Noteholder to perform such obligation; or 
 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
erfüllt 
irgendeine 
andere 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht und die Nichterfüllung dauert - sofern sie 
geheilt werden kann - jeweils länger als 60 Tage 
fort, nachdem die Zahlstelle eine schriftliche 
Aufforderung in der in § 9(2) vorgesehenen Art und 
Weise von einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat, 
die Verpflichtung zu erfüllen; oder

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(c) 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary (other than under the Notes) 
becomes due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity 
(whether 
by 
declaration, 
automatic 
acceleration or otherwise) as a result of an event of 
default (howsoever described), or (ii) any Financial 
Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
(other than under the Notes) is not paid within 30 days 
from its due date nor within any originally applicable 
or subsequently agreed grace period, provided that the 
aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness falling 
within (i) and (ii) above amounts to be equal to, or 
more than 1 per cent of the Total Assets as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (1)(c) shall not 
apply, where the Issuer or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary contests in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due; or 
(c) 
(i) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird infolge 
eines Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig von der 
Bezeichnung) vor ihrer festgelegten Fälligkeit 
fällig und zahlbar (sei es durch Kündigung, 
automatische vorzeitige Fälligstellung oder auf 
andere Weise) oder (ii) eine (nicht im Rahmen der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird 
weder 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit noch 
innerhalb einer ursprünglich 
geltenden oder 
nachträglich vereinbarten Nachfrist gezahlt, jeweils 
mit der Maßgabe, dass der Gesamtbetrag der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten nach (i) und (ii) gleich 
oder größer als 1 % der Bilanzsumme zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
beträgt. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass 
dieser Absatz (1)(c) keine Anwendung findet, 
wenn die Emittentin oder die jeweilige Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft in gutem Glauben bestreitet, 
dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder 
fällig ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments generally; or 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen generell ein; 
oder 
(e) 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary are instituted and have not been 
discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or 
(e) 
gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft wird ein Insolvenzverfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt, oder die Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
beantragt die Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens 
oder leitet ein solches Verfahren ein; oder 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is done in 
connection with a merger or other form of 
combination with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations of the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes; or 
(f) 
die Emittentin geht in Liquidation, es sei denn, dies 
geschieht 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft 
und die andere Gesellschaft übernimmt alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist; oder 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment is made 
in or by the Federal Republic of Germany whereby the 
Issuer is prevented from observing and performing in 
full its obligations under the Notes and this situation is 
not cured within 90 days; or 
(g) 
in der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland werden 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
behördliche 
Anordnungen 
erlassen, 
aufgrund 
derer 
die 
Emittentin 
daran 
gehindert 
wird, 
ihre 
Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen in 
vollem Umfang nachzukommen und zu erfüllen 
und dieser Umstand wird nicht binnen 90 Tagen 
behoben; oder 
(h) 
cessation of business operations of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Einstellung des Geschäftsbetriebs der Emittentin. 
(2) 
Termination Notices. Any notice by a Noteholder (i) in 
accordance with § 9(1)(b) or (ii) to terminate its Notes in 
 
(2) 
Kündigungserklärungen. 
Eine 
Erklärung 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers 
(i) gemäß § 9(1)(b) oder (ii) zur

--- Page 102 ---
102 
accordance with § 9 (a "Termination Notice") shall be 
made by means of a declaration in text form (Textform) to 
the Fiscal Agent in the German or English language 
delivered together with evidence by means of a certificate of 
the Noteholder's Custodian (as defined in § 16(3)) that such 
Noteholder, at the time of such Termination Notice, is a 
holder of the relevant Notes. 
Kündigung seiner Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9 
(eine "Kündigungserklärung") hat in der Weise zu 
erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger dem Fiscal Agent 
eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform in deutscher 
oder englischer Sprache übermittelt und dabei durch eine 
Bescheinigung 
seiner Depotbank (wie in § 16(3) 
definiert) 
nachweist, 
dass 
er 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Kündigungserklärung hält. 
(3) 
Cure. For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare Notes 
due in accordance with this § 9 shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
 
(3) 
Heilung. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass das 
Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
diesem § 9 erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund 
vor 
Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1) (b) and § 9(1) (c), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such 
notice is received any of the events specified in § 9(1)(a) and 
§ 9(1)(d)-(h) entitling Noteholders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only when the Paying Agent 
has received such default notices from the Noteholders 
representing at least 10 per cent of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
 
(4) 
Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9(1)(b) und § 9(1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren 
Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) und § 9(1)(d)-(h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, 
wenn bei der Zahlstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Anleihegläubigern im Nennbetrag von mindestens 10 % 
des Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 COVENANTS 
 
§ 10 VERPFLICHTUNGSERKLÄRUNGEN 
(1) 
Limitations on Incurrence of Financial Indebtedness. The 
Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will procure that none 
of its Subsidiaries will, after the Issue Date, incur any 
Financial Indebtedness if, immediately after giving effect to 
the incurrence of such additional Financial Indebtedness and 
the application of the net proceeds of such incurrence, 
 
(1) 
Beschränkungen 
für 
das 
Eingehen 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten einzugehen und sicherzustellen, 
dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach dem Begebungst ag 
keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten eingehen, wenn jeweils 
unmittelbar nach Wirksamwerden des Eingehens solcher 
weiterer Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Verwendung 
des damit erzielten Nettoerlöses eine der folgenden 
Bedingungen erfüllt wären: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the Relevant Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness as of the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net Nominal 
Relevant Financial Indebtedness incurred since the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published would exceed 60 per cent. of the sum of 
(without duplication) (x) Relevant Total Assets as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published, (y) the purchase price of any Relevant 
Real Estate Property acquired or contracted for 
acquisition since the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published and (z) the proceeds of any 
Relevant Financial Indebtedness incurred since the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have 
been published (but only to the extent such proceeds 
were not used to acquire Relevant Real Estate Property 
or to reduce Relevant Financial Indebtedness); or 
(a) 
die Summe aus (i) den Relevanten Konsolidierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag der Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die 
seit dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen wurden, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen 
Betrag in Höhe von 60 % der Summe (unter 
Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) 
aus 
(x) der Relevanten Bilanzsumme zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
(y) dem 
Kaufpreis 
für 
Relevantes 
Immobilienvermögen, das seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, erworben wurde oder für dessen Erwerb seit 
diesem Zeitpunkt eine Verpflichtung eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem 
Erlös 
aus 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die seit dem unmittelbar

--- Page 103 ---
103 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser Erlös 
nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Relevanten 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung von 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) übersteigen; oder 
(b) 
the sum of (i) the Relevant Consolidated Secured 
Financial Indebtedness as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published and (ii) the Net Nominal Relevant 
Secured Financial Indebtedness incurred since the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published would exceed 45 per cent. of 
the sum of (without duplication) (x) Relevant 
Total Assets as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase price of any Relevant Real Estate 
Property acquired or contracted for acquisition 
since the immediately preceding Reporting Date 
for which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Relevant Financial Indebtedness 
incurred 
since 
the immediately 
preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published (but 
only to the extent such proceeds were not used to 
acquire Relevant Real Estate Property or to reduce 
Relevant Financial Indebtedness). 
(b) 
die Summe aus (i) den Relevanten Besicherten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, 
zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 45 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Relevanten Bilanzsumme zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Relevantes Immobilienvermögen, das seit dem 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, 
zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine 
Verpflichtung eingegangen wurde, und (z) dem 
Erlös aus Relevanten Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös nicht zum Erwerb von Relevanten 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet wurde) übersteigen. 
(2) 
Relevant 
Consolidated 
Coverage 
Ratio. The 
Issuer 
undertakes not to incur any Financial Indebtedness after the 
Issue Date and to ensure that its Subsidiaries do not incur 
any Financial Indebtedness after the Issue Date if, in each 
case, immediately after becoming effective upon the 
incurrence of such further Financial Indebtedness and the 
use of the net proceeds thereof, the Relevant Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio is not at least 1.80 to 1.00. 
 
(2) 
Relevanter Konsolidierter Deckungsgrad. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, nach dem Begebungstag 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten einzugehen und sicherzustellen, 
dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach dem Begebungst ag 
keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten eingehen, wenn jeweils 
unmittelbar nach Wirksamwerden des Eingehens solcher 
weiterer Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Verwendung 
des 
damit 
erzielten Nettoerlöses der 
Relevante 
Konsolidierte Deckungsgrad nicht mindestens 1,80 zu 
1,00 beträgt. 
(3) 
Total Relevant Unencumbered Assets. The Issuer undertakes 
not to incur any Financial Indebtedness after the Issue Date 
and to ensure that its Subsidiaries do not incur any Financial 
Indebtedness after the Issue Date if, in each case, 
immediately after becoming effective upon the incurrence of 
such further Financial Indebtedness the sum of (i) the 
Relevant Unencumbered Assets as of the immediately 
 
(3) 
Gesamtbetrag 
des 
Relevanten 
Unbelasteten 
Vermögens. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach dem 
Begebungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten einzugehen 
und sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, 
wenn 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Wirksamwerden 
des 
Eingehens 
solcher 
weiterer

--- Page 104 ---
104 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published and (ii) the 
Relevant Net Unencumbered Assets newly recorded since 
the immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published is not less than 125 per cent of the sum of (x) the 
Relevant Unsecured Financial Indebtedness as of the 
immediately 
preceding 
Reporting 
Date for 
which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published and (y) the Net Nominal Relevant Unsecured 
Financial Indebtedness incurred since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published. 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten die 
Summe 
aus 
(i) dem 
Relevanten Unbelasteten Vermögen zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht wurde, 
und (ii) dem seit dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
neu 
erfassten 
Relevanten Unbelasteten Nettovermögen nicht weniger 
als 
125 % der 
Summe 
aus 
(x) den Relevanten 
Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten zum unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht wurde, 
und (y) dem Nennbetrag der Relevanten Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht wurde, 
eingegangen wurden, beträgt. 
(4) 
Reports. For so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer 
shall post on its website, 
 
(4) 
Berichte. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, 
veröffentlicht die Emittentin die folgenden Angaben auf 
ihrer Internetseite: 
(a) 
within 120 days after the end of each of the Issuer's 
fiscal years, annual reports: 
(a) 
innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem Ende des 
Geschäftsjahres der Emittentin: 
(i) 
audited consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and 
the management report in accordance with 
section 315 of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch); 
(i) 
einen geprüften Konzernabschluss nach den in 
der EU anwendbaren International Financial 
Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) 
und 
einen 
Lagebericht nach § 315 HBG; 
(ii) 
in addition to the requirements of IFRS and of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) 
the management report to the consolidated 
financial statements should include information 
on compliance by the Issuer with the covenants 
"Limitations 
on 
Incurrence 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness", " Relevant Consolidated Coverage 
Ratio" and "Relevant Total Unencumbered 
Assets"; and 
(ii) 
zusätzlich zu den Anforderungen nach IFRS 
und 
HGB 
soll 
der 
Lagebericht 
zum 
Konzernabschluss Angaben enthalten über die 
Einhaltung der Verpflichtungserklärungen zu 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", 
"Relevanter 
Konsolidierter 
Deckungsgrad" 
und 
"Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten Unbelasteten 
Vermögens" durch die Emittentin; und 
(iii) the audit opinion of the independent auditors on 
the consolidated financial statements; 
(iii) den 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
Abschlussprüfers zum Konzernabschluss; 
(b) 
within 60 days after the end of the first half-year in 
each fiscal year of the Issuer, unaudited condensed 
consolidated financial statements in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the 
requirements of section 115 of the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - 
WpHG), which will 
include 
information on 
compliance with the covenants "Limitations on 
Incurrence of Financial Indebtedness", "Relevant 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio" and "Relevant Total 
Unencumbered Assets". 
(b) 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dem Ende des 
ersten Halbjahres jedes Geschäftsjahres der 
Emittentin 
einen 
ungeprüften 
verkürzten 
Konzern-Zwischenabschluss nach den in der EU 
anwendbaren IFRS und den Anforderungen des 
§ 115 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz (WpHG), der 
Angaben 
über 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen zu "Beschränkungen 
für das Eingehen von Finanzverbindlichkeiten", 
"Relevanter Konsolidierter Deckungsgrad" und 
"Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten Unbelasteten 
Vermögens" enthält. 
§ 11 SUBSTITUTION, TRANSFER OF DOMICILE 
 
§ 11 ERSETZUNG, SITZVERLEGUNG 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, if no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time 
(1) 
Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, wenn kein 
Zahlungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, jederzeit

--- Page 105 ---
105 
substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate of the Issuer as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising 
from or in connection with these Notes (the 
"Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
ohne die Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger ein mit 
der Emittentin Verbundenes Unternehmen an ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor, in a manner legally 
effective, assumes all obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes; 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
rechtswirksam 
übernimmt; 
(b) 
the Issuer 
unconditionally and 
irrevocably 
guarantees such obligations of the Substitute 
Debtor under the Notes on terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put in an economic 
position that is at least as favourable as that which 
would have existed if the substitution had not 
taken place (each such declaration a "Substitution 
Guarantee"); 
(b) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich 
die Verpflichtungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde (jede solche Erklärung 
eine "Ersetzungsgarantie"); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained 
all necessary governmental and 
regulatory 
approvals and consents for such substitution and 
for the issue by the Issuer of a Substitution 
Guarantee, that the Substitute Debtor has obtained 
all necessary governmental and 
regulatory 
approvals and consents for the performance by the 
Substitute Debtor of its obligations under the 
Notes and that all such approvals and consents are 
in full force and effect and that the obligations 
assumed by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes and the obligations assumed by the Issuer 
under its Substitution Guarantee are, in each case, 
valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each 
Noteholder; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin 
alle für die Ersetzung und für die Übernahme 
einer Ersetzungsgarantie durch die Emittentin 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Zustimmungen von staatlichen Stellen und 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten 
haben, 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die Erfüllung 
ihrer 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Zustimmungen 
von 
staatlichen Stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtliche dieser 
Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen in vollem 
Umfang gültig und wirksam sind und zudem 
die Verpflichtungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen und die von 
der Emittentin aus ihrer Ersetzungsgarantie 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen 
jeweils 
gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam und 
rechtsverbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger durchsetzbar sind; 
(d) 
the Substitute Debtor can transfer to the Paying 
Agent in the currency required and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other 
duties of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for 
the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising 
under the Notes; 
(d) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen Beträge 
in der erforderlichen Währung an die Zahlstelle 
überweisen kann, ohne zum Abzug oder 
Einbehalt von Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art verpflichtet zu sein, die in 
dem Land erhoben werden, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat oder steuerlich ansässig ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Noteholder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed 
on such Noteholder in respect of such substitution; 
and 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, 
jeden Anleihegläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, 
Abgaben, 
Festsetzungen 
oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Anleihegläubiger im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
(f) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to an agent 
appointed for that purpose one Opinion of Counsel 
for each jurisdiction affected of lawyers of 
recognised 
standing 
to 
the 
effect 
that 
subparagraphs (a) to (e) above have been satisfied. 
(f) 
die Emittentin einem zu diesem Zweck 
bestellten Beauftragten ein Rechtsgutachten 
bezüglich jeder betroffenen Rechtsordnung 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt hat, 
das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Absätzen (a) bis (e) erfüllt 
wurden. 
For purposes of this § 11, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of section 15 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 11 bezeichnet "Verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne 
von § 15 Aktiengesetz (AktG). 
(2) 
Notice. Any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this § 11 
and the date of effectiveness of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 14. 
 
(2) 
Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesem § 11 sowie das Datum, an dem die Ersetzung 
wirksam wird, ist gemäß § 14 bekannt zu geben. 
(3) 
Change of References. Upon effectiveness of the 
substitution any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction with respect to the Issuer shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event 
of such substitution, § 9(1)(i) shall be deemed to be amended 
to the effect that it shall be an Event of Default if a 
Substitution Guarantee ceases to be valid or binding on or 
enforceable against the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Mit Wirksamwerden der 
Ersetzung 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick auf die 
Emittentin gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf 
die Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer 
Ersetzung § 9(1)(i) als in der Form geändert, dass als 
Kündigungsgrund gilt, wenn eine Ersetzungsgarantie 
nicht mehr wirksam oder rechtsverbindlich für die 
Emittentin ist oder nicht mehr gegen die Emittentin 
durchsetzbar ist. 
(4) 
Release from Obligations. Upon effective substitution of the 
Issuer as set forth in this § 11, the Issuer shall be released 
from any obligation arising from or in connection with the 
Notes. 
 
(4) 
Schuldbefreiung. Nach 
wirksamer 
Ersetzung 
der 
Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 ist die Emittentin von 
allen Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(5) 
Further Substitution. At any time after a substitution 
pursuant to § 11(1) above, the Substitute Debtor may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, effect a further 
substitution provided that all the provisions specified in 
§ 11(1) to § 11(4) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and, 
without limitation, references in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed 
to be or include references to any such further Substitute 
Debtor. 
 
(5) 
Weitere Ersetzungen. Die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist 
jederzeit nach einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehendem 
§ 11(1) 
berechtigt, 
ohne 
die 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger eine weitere Ersetzung vorzunehmen, 
wobei alle Bestimmungen der vorstehenden § 11(1) bis 
§ 11(4) sinngemäß Anwendung finden und, ohne hierauf 
beschränkt 
zu 
sein, 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin, sofern der 
Zusammenhang dies verlangt, als Bezugnahmen bzw. 
auch 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
jede 
weitere 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten.  
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to the extent 
that the meaning and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall continue to be a 
reference only to HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft 
mbH, or that the reference shall be to the Substitute Debtor 
and HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH, in relation 
to HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH's obligations 
under the Substitution Guarantee at the same time. 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur gilt, soweit sich 
nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder weiterhin nur auf 
die HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH erfolgen 
soll, 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH, im Hinblick 
auf deren Verpflichtungen aus der Ersetzungsgarantie 
erfolgen soll.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(6) 
Transfer of Domicile. A transfer of domicile of the Issuer to 
another country or territory is only permissible if the 
requirements set forth in § 11(1) and (2) above are complied 
with accordingly. § 11(3) second half-sentence of sentence 1 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
 
(6) 
Sitzverlegung. Eine Verlegung des Sitzes der Emittentin 
in ein anderes Land oder Gebiet ist nur zulässig, wenn die 
vorstehend in § 11(1) und (2) genannten Anforderungen 
entsprechend erfüllt sind. § 11(3) zweiter Halbsatz des 
ersten Satzes findet entsprechende Anwendung. 
§ 12 FURTHER 
ISSUES, 
PURCHASES 
AND 
CANCELLATION 
 
§ 12 BEGEBUNG 
WEITER ER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF 
UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
(1) 
Further Issues. Subject to § 10, the Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes. 
 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin ist vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen von § 10 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit in 
jeder Hinsicht gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
jeweiligen 
Begebungstags, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased 
by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold 
or surrendered to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
der Zahlstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
§ 13 AMENDMENTS 
OF 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
BY 
RESOLUTIONS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
NOTEHOLDERS ' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
§ 13 ÄNDERUNGEN 
DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH 
BESCHLÜSSE 
DER 
ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Noteholders on amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions or on other matters by virtue of a majority 
resolution of the Noteholders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. 
of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), 
as amended from time to time. In particular, the Noteholders 
may consent to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 paragraph 3 of the 
SchVG by resolutions passed by such majority of the votes 
of the Noteholders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly 
passed majority resolution shall be binding equally upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
(1) 
Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann mit den Anleihegläubigern Änderungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen oder sonstige Maßnahmen durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe 
der §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
("SchVG") in 
seiner 
jeweils 
geltenden Fassung beschließen. Die Anleihegläubiger 
können insbesondere einer Änderung wesentlicher 
Inhalte der Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich der in 
§ 5 Abs. 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch 
Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the 
voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 
3 numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, or relating to material 
other matters may only be passed by a majority of at least 75 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche 
Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, 
oder sonstige wesentliche Maßnahmen beschlossen 
werden bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit

--- Page 108 ---
108 
per cent of the voting rights participating in the vote (a 
"Qualified Majority"). 
von mindestens 75 % der 
an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Noteholders can pass resolutions 
in a meeting (Anleihegläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with section 18 and section 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
Beschlüsse 
in einer 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG oder im Wege einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG 
fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. If resolutions of the Noteholders shall be made by 
means of a meeting the convening notice (Einberufung) will 
provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Noteholders 
together with the convening notice. Attendance at the 
meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' registration. The registration must be received 
at the address stated in the convening notice no later than the 
third day preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate 
in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 16(3) (i) (a) and (b) hereof 
in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by 
the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
 
(4) 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung. Falls Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger in einer Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gefasst werden, enthält die Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung nähere Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu 
den Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mit 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung bekannt gemacht. Die Teilnahme an der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter 
der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch 
einen in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. If resolutions of the Noteholders 
shall be made by means of a vote without a meeting the 
request for voting (Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will 
provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Noteholders 
together with the request for voting. The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Noteholders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in the 
request for voting no later than the third day preceding the 
beginning of the voting period. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate 
in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 16(3) (i) (a) and (b) hereof 
in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by 
the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including the day the voting period ends. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Falls Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger im Wege einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gefasst werden, enthält die Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe nähere Angaben zu den Beschlüssen 
und zu den Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände 
und Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung 
werden den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. Die Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter 
der in der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor Beginn des 
Abstimmungszeitraums zugehen. Mit der Anmeldung 
müssen die Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß 
§ 16(3)(i)(a) und 
(b) 
und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der 
Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for 
the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting the 
chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a second meeting in 
accordance with section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the 
SchVG or in case of a vote without a meeting the scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting within 
the meaning of section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the 
SchVG. Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of 
voting rights is subject to the Noteholders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice no later than the third day preceding the 
second meeting. As part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote 
by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 16(3) (i) (a) and (b) hereof in text form 
and by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable 
from and including the day such registration has been sent 
until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung gemäß § 13(4) oder die 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die 
mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann - im Fall 
der Anleihegläubigerversammlung - der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 2 
SchVG 
und 
- im Fall 
der Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung - der Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung 
und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte sind von einer 
vorherigen Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Tag vor der zweiten Versammlung zugehen. Mit 
der Anmeldung müssen die Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch 
einen in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(7) 
Noteholders' representative. The Noteholders may by 
majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal 
of 
a 
holders' 
representative (the 
"Noteholders' 
Representative"), the duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such Noteholders' Representative, the transfer of 
the rights of the Noteholders to the Noteholders' 
Representative and a limitation of liability of the 
Noteholders' Representative. Appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified Majority 
if such Noteholders' Representative is to be authorised to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a material 
change in the substance of the Terms and Conditions or other 
material matters. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläubiger können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
(der 
"Gemeinsame 
Vertreter"), die 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Übertragung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf den 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung der 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. Die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, 
Änderungen 
des 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
oder sonstigen wesentlichen 
Maßnahmen gemäß § 13(2) zuzustimmen. 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made 
exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the SchVG. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen 
§ 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen 
des SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendments of the Guarantee. The provisions set out above 
applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
Substitution Guarantee. 
 
(9) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Ersetzungsgarantie. 
§ 14 NOTICES 
 
§ 14 MITTEILUNGEN 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made 
by means of electronic publication on the internet website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu). 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication (or, if 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(https://www.bourse.lu) 
elektronisch zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehrfacher

--- Page 110 ---
110 
published more than once, on the third day following the 
date of the first such publication). 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, § 14(1) shall 
apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, findet § 14(1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch 
eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
an die Anleihegläubiger 
ersetzen; jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted or listed on a stock 
exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht oder an 
einer anderen Börse als die Luxemburger Börse notiert 
werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publications. All notices concerning the Notes except as 
stipulated in § 13(6) shall be published electronically in the 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) [and so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on [stock exchange other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and if the rules of such stock 
exchange so require [in/under/●] [newspaper or website]]. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to be validly given on 
the third calendar day following the date of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the third calendar day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachungen. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen, außer nach Maßgabe von 
§ 13(6), sind elektronisch im Bundesanzeiger [und, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [andere Börse 
als die Luxemburger Börse] zum Handel zugelassen sind 
und soweit dies die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen, 
[in/unter/●] 
[Zeitung 
oder 
Internetseite]] 
zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem 
dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
(oder bei mehrfacher Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten 
Kalendertag nach dem Tag der 
ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to the Clearing System. The Issuer may, in lieu 
of publication set forth in § 14(1) above, deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders, provided that the rules 
of the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed (if 
applicable) permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the fifth 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem 
§ 14(1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger zu ersetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen ggf. notiert sind, diese Form der 
Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(3) 
Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any 
Noteholder to the Issuer shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text form (Textform) to be delivered to the 
Paying Agent. 
 
(3) 
Mitteilungen an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines 
Anleihegläubigers an die Emittentin haben in der Weise 
zu erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger der Zahlstelle eine 
entsprechende Erklärung in Textform übermittelt. 
§ 15 DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 15 DEFINITIONEN 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money (including 
obligations by reason of any guarantee or other liability 
agreement for such obligations of third parties) which is in 
the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or other 
securities which are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in 
or traded on a stock exchange, over-the-counter-market or 
other recognised securities market, and promissory note 
loans (Schuldscheine). 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
gegenwärtige 
oder 
künftige 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge 
(einschließlich Verbindlichkeiten aus Garantien oder 
sonstigen 
Haftungsvereinbarungen 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten Dritter), die in Form von Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, oder sonstigen Wertpapieren, 
die an einer Börse, einem außerbörslichen Markt oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert, 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können, verbrieft, 
verkörpert 
oder 
dokumentiert 
ist, 
und 
Schuldscheindarlehen.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the number set 
out under the heading "Adjusted EBITDA total" in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements or management report of 
the Issuer covering the applicable Relevant Period. 
"Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA" bezeichnet den 
unter 
der 
Überschrift 
"Adjusted 
EBITDA" 
im 
Konzernabschluss oder Lagebericht der Emittentin für 
den jeweiligen Maßgeblichen Zeitraum angegebenen 
Zahlenwert. 
"Relevant Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the 
number set out under the heading "Adjusted EBITDA 
excluding School Construction" in the Issuer's Consolidated 
Financial Statements or management report for the 
respective Relevant Period. 
"Relevantes Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA" 
bezeichnet den unter der Überschrift "Adjusted EBITDA 
ohne Schulbau" im Konzernabschluss oder Lagebericht 
der Emittentin für den jeweiligen 
Maßgeblichen 
Zeitraum angegebenen Zahlenwert.  
"Relevant Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means the ratio 
of (A) the aggregate amount of Relevant Consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the 
aggregate amount of Relevant Net Cash Interest in the 
Relevant Period. 
"Relevanter Konsolidierter Deckungsgrad" bezeichnet 
das Verhältnis (A) des Gesamtbetrags des Relevanten 
Konsolidierten Bereinigten EBITDA im Maßgeblichen 
Zeitraum zu (B) dem Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten 
Zinszahlungssaldos im Maßgeblichen Zeitraum. 
"Consolidated Financial Indebtedness" means the 
Financial Indebtedness of the Group, on a consolidated basis 
determined in accordance with IFRS. 
"Konsolidierte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
die nach IFRS ermittelten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe. 
"Relevant Consolidated Financial Indebtedness" means 
the Consolidated Financial Indebtedness of the Group less 
the Financial Indebtedness attributable to the Segment 
School Construction determined in accordance with IFRS. 
"Relevante Konsolidierte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet die Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der Gruppe abzüglich 
der nach IFRS 
ermittelten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen sind. 
"Consolidated Financial Statements" means, with respect 
to any Person, collectively, the consolidated financial 
statements and notes to those financial statements, of that 
Person and its subsidiaries prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
"Konzernabschluss" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Person zusammenfassend den nach IFRS erstellten 
Konzernabschluss mit Anhang für diese Person und ihre 
Tochterunternehmen. 
"Consolidated Secured Financial Indebtedness" means 
that portion of the Consolidated Financial Indebtedness of 
the Group that is secured by a Lien on properties or other 
assets of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. 
"Besicherte Konsolidierte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Teil 
der 
Konsolidierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
Gruppe, 
der 
mit 
Sicherungsrechten 
an 
Immobilien 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften besichert ist. 
"Relevant 
Secured 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Indebtedness" means the Secured Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group less the Consolidated Secured 
Financial Indebtness attributable to the School Construction 
Segment. 
"Relevante 
Besicherte 
Konsolidierte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet die Besicherten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
der 
Besicherten 
Konsolidierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen sind. 
"Financial Indebtedness" means (without duplication) any 
indebtedness (excluding any indebtedness owed to another 
member of the Group) for or in respect of: 
"Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
(unter 
Ausschluss 
einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
alle 
Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenommen solche gegenüber 
anderen Mitgliedern der Gruppe) für oder in Bezug auf: 
(i) 
money borrowed; 
(i) 
aufgenommene Gelder; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any 
acceptance 
credit 
facility 
or 
dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(ii) 
alle 
aus 
Akzepten 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Akzeptkreditfazilitäten oder 
dematerialisierten 
Vergleichbaren aufgenommenen Beträge; 
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any short-term note 
purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers, debentures, loan stock or any 
similar instrument; 
(iii) alle aus Fazilitäten für die Emission kurzzeitiger 
Schuldtitel oder aus der Begebung von Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, Commercial Paper oder 
sonstigen 
Schuldtiteln 
oder 
vergleichbaren 
Instrumenten aufgenommenen Beträge;

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any 
receivables to the extend they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(iv) veräußerte oder diskontierte Forderungen (mit 
Ausnahme von Forderungen, 
die 
regresslos 
verkauft werden); 
(v) 
any amount raised under any other transaction 
(including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
having the commercial effect of a borrowing, but 
excluding bank guarantee facilities (as amended from 
time to time) made or to be made available by 
financial institutions to the Issuer or a Subsidiary 
under which the Issuer or the respective Subsidiary 
may request the issue of a bank guarantee or bank 
guarantees in favour of a person who agrees to 
purchase a Real Estate Property owned by the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary; 
(v) 
die Aufnahme von Beträgen im Rahmen anderer 
Transaktionen (einschließlich Terminverkauf oder 
-kauf), die wirtschaftlich einer Kreditaufnahme 
gleichkommen, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-Fazilitäten (wie jeweils geändert), 
die der Emittentin oder einer Tochtergesellschaft 
von Finanzinstituten gewährt werden oder gewährt 
werden sollen und in deren Rahmen die Emittentin 
bzw. 
die 
jeweilige 
Tochtergesellschaft die 
Ausstellung einer oder mehrerer Bankgarantien 
zugunsten einer Person verlangen kann, die sich 
zum Erwerb von Immobilienvermögen von der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
verpflichtet hat; 
(vi) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a 
guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary 
letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a 
bank or financial institution; and 
(vi) einen Aufwendungsersatzanspruch in Bezug auf 
eine Bürgschaft, eine Freistellungsverpflichtung, 
eine 
Garantie, 
ein 
Standby- 
oder 
Dokumentenakkreditiv oder ein anderes von einer 
Bank oder einem Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes 
Instrument; und 
(vii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee 
or indemnity for any of the items referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above. 
(vii) Verbindlichkeiten aus einer Garantie, Bürgschaft 
oder Freistellungsverpflichtung in Bezug auf 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
in den 
vorstehenden 
Absätzen (i) bis (vi) genannten Art. 
"Group" means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries. 
"Gruppe" bezeichnet 
die 
Emittentin und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union and as 
published by the International Accounting Standards Board, 
as in effect from time to time. 
"IFRS" bezeichnet die nach der EU anwendbaren 
International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International Accounting Standards Board in jeweils 
geltender Fassung. 
"Incur" means, with respect to any Financial Indebtedness 
or other obligation of any Person, to create, assume, 
guarantee or otherwise become liable in respect of such 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
or 
other 
obligation, 
and 
"incurrence" and "incurred" have the meanings correlative 
to the foregoing. 
"Eingehen" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder eine sonstige Verbindlichkeit 
einer Person die Begründung, Übernahme, die Abgabe 
einer Garantie oder Bürgschaft dafür oder eine 
anderweitige 
Übernahme der 
Haftung 
für 
diese 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das 
"Eingehen" bzw. "eingegangen" sind entsprechend 
auszulegen.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
"Lien" means (without duplication) any lien, mortgage, trust 
deed, deed of trust, deed, pledge, security interest, 
assignment for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement, or 
other security agreement, excluding any right of setoff but 
including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other 
title retention agreement, any financing lease having 
substantially the same economic effect as any of the 
foregoing, and any other like agreement granting or 
conveying a 
security 
interest in 
rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht), to a Person that is not a member of the 
Group, in each case to secure outstanding Financial 
Indebtedness, but in each case excluding 
"Sicherungsrecht" bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
Grundpfandrechte, Sicherung-Treuhandverträge (trust-
deed oder deed of trust), Sicherungs- Urkunden (deed), 
Pfandrechte, 
Verpfändungsvereinbarungen, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, 
Sicherungsübereignungen, 
Hinterlegungsvereinbarungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Sicherungsabreden, 
ausgenommen 
Rechte 
zur 
Aufrechnung, jedoch u. a. einschließlich bedingte 
Kaufverträge 
oder 
Vereinbarungen 
mit 
Eigentumsvorbehalt, Finanzierungsleasingverträge, die 
wirtschaftlich im Wesentlichen den vorgenannten 
Vereinbarungen 
gleichkommen, 
sowie 
sonstige 
Vereinbarungen, die ein dingliches Sicherungsrecht 
gewähren oder übertragen, und zwar einer Person, die 
nicht Mitglied der Gruppe ist, jeweils zur Besicherung 
ausstehender Finanzverbindlichkeiten, jedoch keine 
(i) 
any 
encumbrance 
registered 
in 
department 2 
(Abteilung 2) of a German land register (Grundbuch); 
(i) 
in Abteilung 2 eines deutschen Grundbuchs 
eingetragene Belastungen; 
(ii) 
any Lien arising in connection with a disposal of an 
asset in the ordinary course of business including, 
without limitation, any Lien created in assets subject 
to a sale agreement for the purposes of financing the 
purchase price; 
(ii) 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusammenhang mit der 
Veräußerung eines Vermögenswerts im Rahmen 
der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit entstehen, u. 
a. Sicherungsrechte an Vermögenswerten, die 
Gegenstand 
eines 
Kaufvertrags 
sind, 
zur 
Finanzierung des Kaufpreises; 
(iii) any Lien securing Financial Indebtedness outstanding 
on the Issue Date; 
(iii) Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
zum 
Begebungstag 
ausstehende Finanzverbindlichkeiten besichern; 
(iv) any Lien in respect of which an unconditional deletion 
consent (Löschungsbewilligung) has been delivered to 
the relevant member of the Group; 
(iv) Sicherungsrechte, für die dem maßgeblichen 
Mitglied 
der 
Gruppe 
eine 
unbedingte 
Löschungsbewilligung übermittelt wurde; 
(v) 
any Lien arising by operation of law (or by agreement 
having the same effect) or in the ordinary course of 
business, provided that any Lien arising in the 
ordinary course of business over Real Estate Property 
shall not be excluded; 
(v) 
Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Gesetzes (oder kraft 
einer Vereinbarung mit derselben Wirkung) oder 
im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, wobei im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftstätigkeit entstehende Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Immobilienvermögen 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausgeschlossen sind; 
(vi) any cash collateral posted in connection with cross-
currency and interest rate hedging transactions; and 
(vi) Barsicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit 
Währungs- 
und 
Zinsabsicherungsgeschäften 
gestellt werden; und 
(vii) any Lien on bank accounts under general terms and 
conditions of any provider of such bank accounts. 
(vii) Sicherungsrechte an Bankkonten nach Maßgabe 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsbedingungen 
des 
Anbieters der Bankkonten. 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
whose total assets are at least equal to 5 per cent of the total 
assets of the Group. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, deren Bilanzsumme 
mindestens 5 % der Bilanzsumme der Gruppe ausmacht. 
"Net Cash Interest" means all interest and other financing 
charges accrued to persons who are not members of the 
Group less the amount of any interest and other financing 
charges accrued to be received from persons who are not 
members of the Group, in each case, excluding any one-off 
financing charges (including without limitation, any one-off 
fees and/or break costs). 
"Zinszahlungssaldo" bezeichnet alle an Personen, die 
nicht Mitglied der Gruppe sind, zu zahlenden Zinsen und 
sonstigen Finanzierungskosten abzüglich des Betrags 
aller von Personen, die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe sind, 
zu 
erhaltenden 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten, jeweils ausgenommen einmalige

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Finanzierungskosten (u.a. einmalige Entgelte und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsentschädigungen). 
"Relevant Net Cash Interest" means the Net Cash Interest 
of the Group less the Net Cash Interest attributable to the 
Segment School Construction.  
"Relevanter Zinszahlungssaldo" bezeichnet 
den 
Zinszahlungssaldo der Gruppe abzüglich des Zinssaldos,  
das dem Segment Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness" means the nominal 
amount of Financial Indebtedness incurred minus the 
nominal amount of Financial Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag der Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
zurückgezahlten Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Nominal Relevant Financial Indebtedness" means 
the Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness of the Group less 
the Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness attributable to the 
School Construction Segment. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag der Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto) der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), der dem Segment 
Schulbau zuzordnen ist. 
"Net Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness" means 
the nominal amount of Secured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred minus the nominal amount of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
zurückgezahlten Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Nominal Relevant Secured Financial Indebtedness" 
means the Net Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness of 
the Group less the Net Nominal Secured Financial 
Indebtedness attributable to the School Construction 
Segment. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag der Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto) der Gruppe abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), der dem 
Segment Schulbau zuzuordnen ist. 
"Net Nominal Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means 
the nominal amount of Unsecured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred minus the nominal amount of Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
zurückgezahlten Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net 
Nominal 
Relevant 
Unsecured 
Financial 
Indebtedness" means the Net Nominal Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group less the Net Nominal Unsecured 
Financial Indebtedness attributable to the Segment School 
Construction. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag der Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto) der Gruppe abzüglich des Nennbetrags der 
Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), der dem 
Segment Schulbau zuzordnen ist. 
"Net Unencumbered Assets" means, on a consolidated 
basis determined in accordance with IFRS, the value of any 
Real Estate Property of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries not 
subject to any Lien acquired plus the value of all other assets 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries not subject to any Lien 
acquired minus the value of such assets which (i) have been 
disposed of or (ii) have become subject to a Lien. 
"Unbelastetes Nettovermögen" bezeichnet den nach 
IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelten Wert des 
erworbenen Immobilienvermögens der Emittentin und 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich des Werts aller sonstigen 
erworbenen Vermögenswerte der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand 
eines 
Sicherungsrechts sind, abzüglich des Werts solcher 
Vermögenswerte, die (i) veräußert wurden oder (ii) 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts geworden sind. 
"Net Relevant Unencumbered Assets" means the Net 
Unencumbered Assets of the Group less the Net 
Unencumbered Assets attributable to the Segment School 
Construction. 
"Relevantes Unbelastetes Nettovermögen" bezeichnet 
das Unbelastete Nettovermögen der Gruppe abzüglich 
des Unbelastetes Nettovermögens, das dem Segment 
Schulbau zuzuordnen ist.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
"Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion from legal 
counsel. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to 
the Issuer. 
"Rechtsgutachten" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
schriftliches 
Gutachten eines Rechtsberaters. Der Rechtsberater kann 
Mitarbeiter oder externer Rechtsberater der Emittentin 
sein. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, 
unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or 
government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) 
or other entity. 
"Person" 
bezeichnet 
natürliche 
Personen, 
Körperschaften, Personengesellschaften, Joint Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, Trusts, nicht 
rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, 
Gesellschaften 
mit 
beschränkter Haftung, staatliche Stellen (oder Behörden 
oder Gebietskörperschaften) oder sonstige Rechtsträger. 
"Real Estate Property" means the real estate property of 
such Person and its subsidiaries. 
"Immobilienvermögen" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Immobilienvermögen der betreffenden Person und ihrer 
Tochterunternehmen. 
"Relevant Real Estate Property" means the Real Estate 
Property of the Group minus the Real Estate Property, which 
relates to the School Construction Segment. 
„Relevantes Immobilienvermögen“ bezeichnet das 
Immobilienvermögen 
der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
des 
Immobilienvermögen, das dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen ist. 
"Relevant Period" means the respective most recent four 
consecutive quarters ending prior to the respective date of 
determination of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio. 
"Maßgeblicher Zeitraum" bezeichnet die letzten vier 
vor dem 
jeweiligen 
Tag 
der 
Feststellung 
des 
Konsolidierten Deckungsgrads endenden aufeinander-
folgenden Quartale. 
"Reporting Date" means 30 June and 31 December of each 
year. 
"Berichtsstichtag" ist der 30. Juni und 31. Dezember 
eines jeden Jahres. 
"Secured Financial Indebtedness" means that portion of 
the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group that is secured by a Lien on 
properties or other assets of the Group. 
"Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet den 
Teil 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
aller 
ausstehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
Gruppe, 
der 
mit 
Sicherungsrechten 
an 
Immobilien 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten der Gruppe besichert ist. 
"Relevant Secured Financial Indebtedness" means the 
Secured Financial Indebtedness of the Group less the 
Secured Financial Indebtedness attributable to the Segment 
School Construction. 
"Relevante 
Besicherte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet die Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
aller 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen sind. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. 
"Securities Act" bezeichnet das US-Wertpapiergesetz 
von 1933 (U.S. Securities Act of 1933) in seiner jeweils 
geltenden Fassung. 
"Securitised Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
Capital Market Indebtedness incurred in respect of or in 
connection with any securitisation or similar financing 
arrangement relating to assets owned by the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries and where the recourse of the holders of such 
Capital Market Indebtedness against the Issuer is limited 
solely to such assets or any income generated therefrom. 
"Verbriefte 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet jede Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit einer 
Verbriefung 
oder 
vergleichbaren Finanzierungsvereinbarung in Bezug auf 
Vermögenswerte 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, bei der die Rückgriffsrechte der 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
ausschließlich auf die betreffenden Vermögenswerte oder 
die daraus erzielten Erträge beschränkt ist. 
"Subsidiary" means any Person that must be consolidated 
with the Issuer for the purposes of preparing Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Person, die bei 
der Erstellung der Konzernabschlüsse der Emittentin mit 
ihr konsolidiert werden muss. 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the following 
applies: "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-
[Wenn die Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: "TARGET Geschäftstag" ist ein Tag, an dem 
alle 
maßgeblichen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer

--- Page 116 ---
116 
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) 
are operational to effect payments.] 
System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um Zahlungen 
vorzunehmen.] 
"Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total 
assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, as such amount 
appears, or would appear, on a consolidated balance sheet of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS, provided that 
"Total Assets" shall include the proceeds of the Financial 
Indebtedness or Secured Financial Indebtedness to be 
incurred. 
"Bilanzsumme" bezeichnet den Wert der konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, der in einer nach IFRS erstellten 
konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin erscheint oder 
erscheinen würde, wobei die "Bilanzsumme" die Zuflüsse 
aus den einzugehenden Finanzverbindlichkeiten oder 
Besicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten einschließt. 
"Relevant Total Assets" means Total Assets of the Group 
less the Total Assets attributable to the Segment School 
Construction.  
"Relevante Bilanzsumme" bezeichnet die Bilanzsumme 
der Gruppe abzüglich der Bilanzsumme, die dem 
Segment Schulbau zuzuorndnen ist.  
"Unencumbered Assets" means without duplication, (i) the 
value of any Real Estate Property, on a consolidated basis 
determined in accordance with IFRS, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries that is not subject to any Lien, plus (ii) the value 
of all other assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries that is not 
subject to any Lien (where in case of (i) and (ii) the value of 
Real Estate Property, on a consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS, and other assets shall be equal to such 
amounts that appear, or would appear, on a consolidated 
balance sheet of the Issuer prepared in accordance with 
IFRS). 
"Unbelastetes Vermögen" bezeichnet ohne doppelte 
Berücksichtigung (i) den nach IFRS auf konsolidierter 
Basis ermittelten Wert des Immobilienvermögens der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich (ii) des 
Werts aller sonstigen Vermögenswerte der Emittentin 
und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand 
eines Sicherungsrechts sind (wobei im Fall von (i) und (ii) 
der nach IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelte Wert 
des 
Immobilienvermögens 
und 
der 
sonstigen 
Vermögenswerte dem Betrag entspricht, der in einer nach 
IFRS erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin 
erscheint oder erscheinen würde). 
"Relevant 
Unencumbered 
Assets" 
means 
the 
Unencumbered Assets of the Group less the Unencumbered 
Assets attributable to the School Construction Segment. 
"Relevantes Unbelastetes Vermögen" bezeichnet das 
Unbelastete Vermögen der Gruppe abzüglich des 
Unbelasteten Vermögen, das dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen ist. 
"Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means that portion of 
the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group that is not Secured Financial 
Indebtedness. 
"Unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
den Teil des Gesamtnennbetrags aller ausstehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, bei dem es sich 
nicht um Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten handelt. 
"Relevant Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means the 
Unsecured Financial Indebtedness of the Group less the 
Unsecured Financial Indebtedness attributable to the School 
Construction Segment. 
"Relevante Unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet die Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
der 
Gruppe 
abzüglich 
der 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die dem Segment Schulbau 
zuzuordnen ist. 
"Segment School Construction" means, for the purposes of 
these Terms and Conditions, the business conducted by the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
for the construction and 
refurbishment of schools in the State of Berlin in accordance 
with the Berlin School Construction Offensive and includes 
all transactions, items or positions which,  
(i) 
are reportet in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer as (x) an (non-current or current) asset or 
a (non-current or current) liability in the balance sheet 
or (y) income, costs, expenses or other items in the 
income statement, all in accordance with IFRS;  
(ii) 
are attributable to the Issuer's business unit School 
Construction which is reported as "Segment School 
Construction" in segment reporting under IFRS 
beginning with the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021; and  
„Segment Schulbau“ bezeichnet für die Zwecke dieser 
Anleihebedingungen die von der Emittentin und ihren 
Tochtergesellschaften betriebene Geschäftstätigkeit zum 
Bau und der Sanierung von Schulen im Land Berlin nach 
Maßgabe der Berliner Schulbauoffensive und erfasst alle 
Geschäftsvorfälle, Posten oder Positionen, welche  
(i) 
im Konzernabschluss der Emittentin nach IFRS als 
(x) 
(langfristiger 
oder 
kurzfristiger) 
Vermögenswert 
oder 
(langfristige 
oder 
kurzfristige) Verbindlichkeit in der Bilanz oder (y) 
Einnahmen, Kosten, Aufwand oder sonstige Posten 
in der Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung ausgewiesen 
wird;  
(ii) 
dem Geschäftsbereich Schulbau der Emittentin 
zuzuordnen sind, welcher als „Segment Schulbau“ 
im Rahmen einer Segmentberichtserstattung nach

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(iii) financed solely by School Construction Financing.  
The Segment School Construction shall only be excluded or 
eliminated from the calculation of the covenants under this 
§ 10 "Restrictions on incurring financial liabilities", 
"Relevant Consolidated Coverage Ratio" and "Total 
Relevant Unencumbered Assets", if the School Construction 
Segment exclusively contains financial indebtedness in the 
form of School Construction Financing. 
IFRS beginnend mit dem Konzernabschluss für das 
am 31. Dezember 2021 endende Geschäftsjahr 
ausgewiesen wird; und  
(iii) ausschließlich 
durch 
Schulbau-Finanzierung 
finanziert wird.  
Das Segment Schulbau soll bei der Berechnung der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
gemäß 
§ 10 
der 
"Beschränkungen 
für 
das 
Eingehen 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", "Relevanter Konsolidierter 
Deckungsgrad" und "Gesamtbetrag des Relevanten 
Unbelasteten Vermögens" nur nicht berücksichtigt bzw. 
herausgerechnet werden, wenn im Segment Schulbau 
ausschließlich Finanzverbindlichkeiten in Form von 
Schulbau-Finanzierungen enthalten sind. 
"School Construction Financing" means Financial 
Indebtedness which have been incurred or will be incurred,  
(i) 
to finance the construction and renovation of schools in 
the State of Berlin; and 
(ii) which (x) towards the State of Berlin in the form of 
unsecured shareholder loans; or (y) towards other 
Persons, to the extent that these Financial Liabilities are 
secured by sureties/guarantees on first demand issued by 
the State of Berlin or by a forfaiting of future rental 
income from the leasing of the newly constructed or 
refurbished schools with a waiver of defense by the 
State of Berlin. 
„Schulbau-Finanzierung“ 
sind 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, welche eingegangen worden 
sind oder zukünftig eingegangen werden,  
(i) 
zur Finanzierung des Baus und der Sanierung von 
Schulen im Land Berlin; und  
(ii) 
die (x) entweder gegenüber dem Land Berlin in 
Form von unbesicherten Gesellschafterdarlehen, 
oder (y) gegenüber anderen Personen, soweit diese 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
mit 
Bürgschaften/ 
Garantien auf erstes Anfordern des Landes Berlin 
oder durch eine Forfaitierung der zukünftigen 
Mieterlöse aus der Vermietung der gebauten oder 
sanierten Schulen mit Einredeverzichtserklärung 
des Landes Berlin besichert sind. 
§ 16 APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
§ 16 ANWENDBARES 
RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Noteholders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany, without giving effect to the principles of conflict 
of laws. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich 
nach dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, unter 
Ausschluss des internationalen Privatrechts. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. Subject to any mandatory 
jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG, the 
place of non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other 
legal proceedings in connection with the Notes shall be 
Frankfurt am Main. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen 
Gerichtsstands 
für 
bestimmte 
Verfahren nach dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehende Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Noteholder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such 
Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the 
Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Anleihegläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Anleihegläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
enthält, (b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf

--- Page 118 ---
118 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository of 
the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Noteholder may, without prejudice 
to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country 
of the proceedings. 
dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, und 
(ii) 
er 
legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person von dem Clearingsystem 
oder einer Verwahrstelle des Clearingsystems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen auch auf 
jede andere im Land des Verfahrens zulässige Weise 
geltend zu machen. 
§ 17 LANGUAGE 
 
§ 17 SPRACHE 
[If the Conditions shall be in the German language with an 
English language translation the following applies: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the German language 
and provided with an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and binding. The English 
language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language with a 
German language translation the following applies: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English language 
and provided with German language translation. The 
English text shall be controlling and binding. The German 
language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. 
Der englische 
Text ist bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language only the 
following applies: These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen nur in deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu).  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: 
(i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils 
im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Perso n, 
die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distribu tor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]5 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: 
(i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie 
aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst und (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll 
die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA -
Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/d er] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]6 
                                                             
3  
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is “Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only”. 
4  
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmungen im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat „Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren 
und Geeignete Gegenparteien“. 
5  
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only". The legend may 
not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both 
are included. 
6  
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und 
Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht der UK MiFIR 
unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II 
Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[VERBOT 
DES 
VERKAUFS 
AN 
KLEINANLEGER 
IM 
EUROPÄISCHEN 
WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
– 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); 
oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, 
die 
"Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 
MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten 
Fassung, die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder 
der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-
Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]8 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]9 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger 
Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, 
die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnun g 
(EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; 
oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (der "FSMA") und jeglicher 
Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, 
wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), 
erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein.]10 
                                                             
7  
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not Applicable". 
8  
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" 
erklären. 
9  
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not Applicable". The assumption is that if 
there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the 
United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless specified as "Not Applicable". 
10  
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" f ür "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. 
Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich 
gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wi rtschaftsraum einzufügen 
wären, sofern sie nicht für "Nicht anwendbar" erklärt wurden.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) von Singapur (der "SFA") und den Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin 
festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei 
den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um 
Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 894500BIY1Z9MG9QB745 
 
Issue of 
Emission von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden] 
issued as  
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
under the 
unter dem 
EUR [●] 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH 
 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the " Final Terms"). These Final 
Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 18 October 2021 [(, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●],)] (the "Base 
Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar 
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 
2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind 
nur mit dem Basisprospekt vom 18. Oktober 2021 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] [Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom 
[●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der 
Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(https://www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf die Emittentin und das Angebot sind nur 
in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt enthalten.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the relevant 
provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the English language translation thereof,] 
are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the relevant 
provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] (the "Terms and 
Conditions"). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs an d 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are 
applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding 
to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these 
Final Terms constitute the "Conditions").] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] 
im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "Anleihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, 
haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht 
anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung:  
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]11 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]12 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]13 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]14 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clearstream Frankfurt 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch Clearstream 
Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option I)  
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Zinssatz:  
[●] %  per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
☐ 
Initial Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung:  
[●] 
 
☐ 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
                                                             
11  
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche. 
12 
W ährung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen. 
13  
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in  such other currency at least 
equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
14  
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 100.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den Betrag in dieser 
W ährung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 100.000 entspricht.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
☐ 
Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter 
Stückelung:  
[●] 
 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]15 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]16 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA  
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis  
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II)  
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Period(s): 
[[specify number] [weeks / months]] 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen / Monate]] 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention  
 
 
☐ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
(adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
FRN Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
Preceding Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
☐ 
TARGET 
 
 
☐ 
Relevant financial centre(s) 
[●] 
 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren 
[●] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
                                                             
15 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
16 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. Reguläre 
Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz 
 
 
Period: 
[●]-month-EURIBOR 
 
Zeitraum: 
[●]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Interpolation: 
[first / last] Interest Period 
 
 
Interpolation: 
[erste / letzte] Zinsperiode 
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent.  
 
 
Marge: 
[●] %   
☐ 
plus 
 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
☐ 
minus 
 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
 
Applicable Rate referred to in § 3(d)(ii): 
[the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such 
Original Benchmark Rate was displayed] [[●] % per annum]. 
 
Anwendbarer Satz auf den in § 3(d)(ii) Bezug genommen wird: 
[dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite 
an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] [[●] %  per 
annum]. 
§ 4 
Payments 
 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
 
Financial centre(s) relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not applicable][●]17 
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Zahltage: 
[Nicht anwendbar][●]18 
§ 5 
Redemption 
 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●]19 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●]20 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount: 21 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag: 22 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Benchmark Yield: 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal 
Republic of Germany] [other relevant benchmark] specifying 
the following details: ISIN or other securities code, as 
observed at around noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant 
time] on such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (using 
the setting "Last Yield to Convention" and using the pricing 
                                                             
17  
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
18  
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die Festgelegte Währung nicht Eur o ist. 
19  
Always to be inserted in case of fixed rate notes. Specify date for floating rate Notes, if applicable. 
20  
Im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen immer auszufüllen. Genaues Datum für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen angeben, sofern 
anwendbar. 
21  
Only applicable in case of fixed rate notes. 
22  
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
source ["FRNK"] [other source as relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other source as determined by the Issuer] 
 
Benchmark Rendite: 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[andere Referenzanleihe] unter Angabe folgender 
Einzelheiten: ISIN oder andere Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 
12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante 
Zeitzone] an diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt 
HP (unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last Yield to Convention" 
und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere relevante Preisquelle]) 
abgelesen, oder wie von einer anderen, durch die Emittentin 
festgelegten, Quelle hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] 
 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] % 
 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin:  
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during a call redemption 
period: 23 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während [der] einer 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode[n]: 24 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Period[s]: 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode[n]: 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount[s]: 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungs[betrag][beträge]: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a 
transaction related event: 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses:  
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[●] 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[Not applicable] [●] to [●] 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] bis [●] 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of transaction] 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for minimal outstanding 
principal amount: 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen eines 
geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags:  
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder:  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger:  
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
                                                             
23  
Only applicable in case of fixed rate notes. 
24  
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control:  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels:  
[Ja/Nein] 
Financial centre(s) relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not applicable][●]25 
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Zahltage: 
[Nicht anwendbar][●]26 
§ 6 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent]  
§ 6 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
§ 10 
Covenants 
§ 10 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
Total Unencumbered Assets Ratio 
[●] 
Verhältnis des Gesamtbetrags des Unbelasteten Vermögens 
[●] 
§ 17 
Language27 
§ 17 
Sprache28 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
 
                                                             
25  
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
26  
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die Festgelegte Währung nicht Eur o ist. 
27  
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
28  
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN 
Listing and admission to trading:  
 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel:  
 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market 
[give details] 
Anderer Markt 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
[give details] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Countries where admission to trading on the regulated market 
is being sought 
[give details] 
Länder, in denen die Zulassung zum Handel am geregelten 
Markt beantragt wird 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
Rating of the Notes 
 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows:29 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet:30 
 
 
☐ 
S&P: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Fitch: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
[Other]31: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der 
Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei 
dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung 
sind.]  
 
☐ 
Other interest (specify) 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds and Yield 
 
Gründe für das Angebot, Nettoerlöse und Rendite 
 
                                                             
29  
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
30  
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht. 
31  
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Use of proceeds:32 
[specify details] 
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse:33  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses 
[●] 
 
Yield 34 
[Not applicable][●] 
 
Rendite 35 
[Nicht anwendbar][●] 
Selling Restrictions and Stabilisation 
 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen und Stabilisierung 
 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area:36 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum:37 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom:38 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich:39 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
Wertpapierkennung und EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Security Codes 
 
Wertpapierkennung 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
WKN: 
[●] 
[CFI] 
[●] 
[FISN] 
[●] 
[Any other security number] 
[●] 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung] 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical Global 
Note] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Global 
Note] 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited (i) in case of an NGN, 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper or (ii) with 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]40 
                                                             
32  
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of the HOWOGE Group include 
those reasons here. 
33 
 Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der HOWOGE-Gruppe 
bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
34  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
35  Nur anwendbar für Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen. 
36  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
37  Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendba r" ausgewählt werden. W enn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
38  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be prepared 
in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified. 
39  Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und es wird ein  KID im 
Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein 
KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
40  Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung im Fall 
(i) einer NGN bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer oder (ii) bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
verwahrt werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne 
der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]41 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]42 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden diese 
einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei einer 
der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und auf den 
Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht notwendigerweise als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday 
credit operations) des Eurosystems zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]43 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR [●] Debt 
Issuance Programme of HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]  
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen des EUR [●] Debt Issuance Programme der HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH an der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorization 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolution of the management board of HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft 
mbH 
passed 
on [●] and 
a resolution of the supervisory board of 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss der Geschäftsführung der HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH vom [●] und des Aufsichtsrates der HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH vom [●] 
genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
                                                             
 
41  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
42  Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs 
43  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die 
Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen 
wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin 
hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen 
wurden verwendet [●].] 
 
Signed on behalf of  
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH: 
 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 134 ---
134 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
General Information on HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung  
Formation and Incorporation, History and Development 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung (the “ Issuer” and together with its consolidated subsidiaries 
“HOWOGE” or “Group”) was incorporated on 1 July 1990 as “Wohnungsbaugesellschaft Hohenschönhausen mit 
beschränkter Haftung“, established by transformation of the legal form from „VEB Kommunale Wohnungsverwaltung Berlin-
Hohenschönhausen“ (“VEB Berlin-Hohenschönhausen”). VEB Berlin-Hohenschönhausen was a socially-owned enterprise 
(“Volkseigener Betrieb”) in the former German Democratic Republic responsible for the administration and management of 
residential units in the district of Berlin-Hohenschönhausen. 
By resolution of the shareholders' meeting of 27 February 2003 and its registration on 8 July 2003, the Issuer’s name was 
changed into "HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH". 
On 4 January 2008, the shareholder's meeting of the Issuer resolved on another change of the Issuer's legal name from 
"HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH" into "HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung". The 
change was registered on 15 January 2008. Its sole shareholder is the German Federal State of Berlin (Land Berlin, “State of 
Berlin”). 
Legal and Commercial Name, LEI and Address 
The Issuer is a private company with limited liability (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung, “GmbH”) existing under German 
law and registered under its legal name "HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung” in the commercial 
register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Charlottenburg under number HRB 44819 B. The Issuer conducts its business, 
amongst others, under the commercial name "HOWOGE". The Legal Entity Ident ifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 
894500BIY1Z9MG9QB745. 
The registered office and business address of the Issuer is Stefan-Heym-Platz 1, 10367 Berlin, Germany (telephone +49 (0) 30 
54 64 0 and telefax +49 (0) 30 54 64 12 60). The website of the Issuer is https://www.howoge.de. The information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to section 2 of the Issuer's articles of association (Satzung, “Articles of Association”), the Issuer's corporate purpose 
is to engage in real estate related businesses of any kind, in particular the construction and management of housing for broad 
sections of the population, including low-income households, at affordable rents, as well as real estate related businesses that 
are for the public benefit, in particular within the framework of the Berlin School Building Initiative (Berliner 
Schulbauoffensive, “BSO”). 
The Issuer’s task is both to secure and expand affordable rental housing space in all districts for broad sections of the pop ulation 
(housing market task) and help to provide sustainable, needs-based housing for households in Berlin that are particularly 
disadvantaged in the housing market and unable to provide themselves with adequate housing (supply task). 
The contribution by the Issuer to an adequate supply of housing with socially acceptable rents and to an urban development of 
Berlin may be reached by building new housing, repairing, maintaining and modernizing existing housing, and purchasing and 
building new housing. Thereby, the Issuer shall observe the requirements of environmental protection. 
In the planning and realization of new construction projects, efforts must be made to ensure that an appropriate proportion of 
new housing is built with funds from housing construction subsidy programs. 
Unless otherwise stipulated by law, the Issuer shall conclude contracts and determine a rent level for rental units in order to 
ensure that costs and expenses are covered, including an appropriate return on equity and the formation of reserves. 
Continuous refurbishment and modernization as well as new housing construction are to contribute to Berlin's urban 
development and shall meet the requirements of environmental protection. 
The respective priorities in the housing policy shall be governed by contracts between the Issuer and the competent authority 
of the State of Berlin. The implementation of the social goals shall be weighed up by the Issuer against economic disadvantages 
in such a way that the Issuer is able to fulfil its corporate purpose sustainably in the long term and that its existence is ensured, 
also in view of reasonable hedging against risks. 
The Issuer is established for an unlimited period of time.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Fiscal Year  
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year.  
Auditors  
The auditor of the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
is PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Kapelle-Ufer 4, 10117 Berlin (“PwC”), a member of the 
German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin.  
The consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years 2020 and 2019 are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (”IFRS”). PwC issued unqualified auditor’s reports in each case.  
Organizational Structure  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is the parent company and the sole shareholder of the following four 
consolidated subsidiaries:  
• 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft Lichtenberg mit beschränkter Haftung (“WBL“) 
• 
HOWOGE Servicegesellschaft mbH (“HOWOGE Service”) 
• 
HOWOGE Wärme GmbH (“HOWOGE Wärme”) 
• 
Kramer + Kramer Bau- und Projektmanagement GmbH (“Kramer + Kramer“) 
Furthermore, the Issuer holds an interest of 50 % in Entwicklungsgesellschaft Elisabeth-Aue GmbH („Elisabeth-Aue“) and 
100 % in KW Goecke S.A.R.L (“KW Goecke“). 
 
 
 
 
Out of the Group´s overall portfolio as at 30 June 2021 consisting of 78,100 rental units (thereof 65,026 residential units), the 
Issuer directly holds 30,179 rental units (including 24,956 residential units) as at 30 June 2021 and performs the function of 
the management holding company of the Group responsible for determining and pursuing the overall strategy and implementing 
HOWOGE’s goals. The Issuer is fully responsible for financial and investment decisions relating to portfolio management and 
accompanying services, e.g. based on a general management contract with WBL as well as under a control and profit  and loss 
transfer agreement with HOWOGE Service. 
WBL is a pure property company with a total of 47,921 rental units (thereof 40,070 residential units) as at 30 June 2021. 
HOWOGE Service provides property management services within the Group. This includes the technical facility support, 
quality assurance in development and refurbishment projects, as well as janitorial services, so-called "mobile janitors" for night 
services, the operation of concierge logs and the neighborhood helper service. 
HOWOGE Wärme is a commercial heating supplier and provides the Group's properties and its tenants with heating, energy 
and hot water. It also assumes the complete energy management, from building analysis and the planning and supervision of 
energy-saving measures to plant operation management and consumption monitoring. In addition, HOWOGE Wärme operates 
three own cogeneration plants (Blockheizkraftwerke) and partly provides metering services for energy billing for the Group’s

--- Page 136 ---
136 
properties. 
In January 2018, the Issuer acquired 100 % of the shares in Kramer + Kramer. The object of Kramer + Kramer is the provision 
of 
construction and 
project management and 
construction controlling services 
(Bauprojektsteuerung und 
Bauprojektcontrolling), as well as consulting services for new and existing building projects for of new residential units and in 
the frame of the BSO. 
The Issuer also holds a 50 % stake in the property ownership company Elisabeth-Aue that was founded jointly with GESOBAU 
AG, which is likewise a municipal housing company owned by the State of Berlin. The purpose of Elisabeth-Aue is the 
development and construction of land, in particular the future development area called "Elisabeth-Aue" in Berlin Pankow. 
In January 2020, the Issuer acquired 100 % of the shares of KW Goecke. The corporate purpose of KW Goecke was the 
construction of a residential building on a plot of land in Berlin Lichtenberg. KW Goecke is expected to be merged into the 
Issuer in 2021. 
Share Capital and Shareholder  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of HOWOGE amounts to EUR 25,000,000.00. The capital is fully 
paid-up.  
The Issuer is a fully-owned subsidiary of, and thus dependent on the State of Berlin (Land Berlin). 
 
History and Development 
 
1 July 1990 
 
Change of legal form from VEB Berlin-Hohenschönhausen into a private company with 
limited liability (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung, “GmbH”) 
 
The Issuer owned a total of 32,000 residential units at that time 
 
1997 
 
Acquisition of WBL comprising a portfolio of 26,000 residential units 
 
2001 
 
Incorporation of HOWOGE Service to ensure comprehensive property management services 
 
 
2005 
 
Incorporation of HOWOGE Wärme 
 
2017 
 
HOWOGE entered into a cooperation agreement "Leistbare Mieten, Wohnungsneubau und 
soziale Wohnraumversorgung" with five other municipal housing companies degewo AG, 
GESOBAU 
AG, Gewobag 
Wohnungsbau Aktiengesellschaft, STADT UND LAND 
Wohnbauten-Gesellschaft mbH and Wohnungsbaugesellschaft Berlin-Mitte mbH (WBM) and 
the State of Berlin (Land Berlin) 
 
2018 
 
Decision of the Senate of Berlin that HOWOGE becomes part of the BSO 
 
 
Acquisition of Kramer + Kramer 
 
2019 
 
Framework agreement with the State of Berlin as regards the BSO 
 
2021 
 
Purchase agreements on the acquisition of the New Portfolio from Vonovia SE and Deutsche 
Wohnen SE comprising 8,267 residential units, increasing the overall portfolio upon 
completion of the transaction, expected to occur in the beginning of January 2022, to 73,293 
residential units

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Ratings 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has assigned the long-term credit rating “AA-”1 (outlook stable) to the Issuer and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") has assigned the long-term credit rating “A”2 and a short-term credit rating “A-1”3 
(outlook stable). 
Fitch and S&P are established in the European Community and are registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the " CRA Regulation").4 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the relevant rating agency. 
Business 
Overview 
HOWOGE is a municipal housing company of the State of Berlin. Its business model is based on letting modern, high-quality 
and affordable housing, the development and the construction of new residential units for its own portfolio (develop -and-hold), 
providing funds for permanent structural maintenance and – to a limited extend - providing certain services connected 
therewith.  
As at 30 June 2021, HOWOGE holds a property portfolio of 65,026 residential units, 1,035 commercial units and 12,039 units 
of other properties (in particular parking spaces and garages, all including owner-occupied units) in Berlin, primarily – with 
more than 85 % of the overall portfolio – located in the city district of Berlin-Lichtenberg. Furthermore, HOWOGE holds 
approximately 1 million sqm of land for development (including the project development joint venture Elisabeth-Aue with 
more than 300,000 sqm), which may allow the construction of more than 10,000 potential new residential units. As at 30 June 
2021, the total fair value of the portfolio was approximately EUR 11.16 billion according to the Valuation Report presented in 
this Base Prospectus on pages V-1 et seq. In the assessment of the Issuer, HOWOGE is one of the leading housing companies 
in Berlin. 
HOWOGE stands for comprehensive sustainable portfolio development, innovative housing concepts and social commitment. 
It is pursuing the goal to transform from a communal housing manager into a neighborhood and urban developer with a portfolio 
strategy characterized by sustainability and by socially responsible actions. In addition to housing management, new housing 
construction and school construction are among HOWOGE's core activities. 
As regards school construction, since 2018, the Issuer is member of the Berlin School Building Initiative ( Berliner 
Schulbauoffensive, “BSO”) that intends to reduce the backlog of school renovations and build new schools. As at 30 June 2021, 
there are in total 38 projects planned, thereof 17 new constructions, 8 modular timber constructions and 13 renovations of 
existing schools, representing a total investment volume by the Issuer of approximately EUR 3 billion until 2028. 
Operating Segments 
HOWOGE’s business is operated within the following two segments: 
"Residential" includes all business activities connected with the residential portfolio, including commercial units as well as 
garages and parking spaces. 
"School Construction" includes new construction and the refurbishment of large school complexes with refurbishment 
expenses larger than EUR 10 million throughout Berlin with HOWOGE as exclusive partner of the BSO. 
Competitive Strengths  
The Issuer believes that its business is characterized by the following competitive strengths, which have been a primary driv er 
of its success in the past and will continue to be a source for its future business development.  
Strong Relationship between HOWOGE and the State of Berlin 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin and its properties as well as its subsidiaries are therefore indirectly 
                                                             
1 Fitch defines “ AA-" as follows: “AA-” ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. The rating is modified by the addition of a minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the rating category. 
2 S&P defines “A” as follows: An obligation rated “A” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions 
than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. 
3 S&P defines “A-1” as follows: A short-term obligation rated “A-1” is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on these obligations is extremely strong. 
4 The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-ratingagencies/risk) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 
17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
held by the State of Berlin. Since its inception in 1990, HOWOGE and the State of Berlin have established a strong partnership.  
The Issuer’s governance structure provides for a substantial level of control by the State of Berlin regarding all major strategic 
and financial activities of HOWOGE. For example, the government may give binding instructions to the Managing Directors 
through resolutions of the general shareholders’ meeting and elects the Supervisory Board within the app licable legal 
framework. The Supervisory Board appoints and controls the members of the Management Board and has three members, 
including the vice chairman, that are also members of the state government.  
The close ties between the State of Berlin and HOWOGE are also emphasized by the cooperation agreement “Affordable rents, 
new residential construction and the supply of social housing” (Kooperationsvereinbarung „Leistbare Mieten, 
Wohnungsneubau und soziale Wohnraumversorgung“) (“Cooperation Agreement”) and the framework agreement between 
the State of Berlin and the Issuer as exclusive partner in connection with the investment program for the BSO (“ Framework 
Agreement”).  
The Cooperation Agreement was entered into in 2017 between six municipal housing companies including the Issuer and the 
State of Berlin with the aim to offer socially sustainable, low-rent dwellings to the tenants and to increase the municipal housing 
stock through new construction and acquisitions (see “– Material Agreements – Other Material Agreements – Cooperation 
Agreement”). 
The Framework Agreement sets out the key points for the involvement of HOWOGE in the BSO (see “ – Material Agreements 
– Other Material Agreements – Framework Agreement”). With the BSO, the State of Berlin addresses the considerable growth 
of Berlin that require an adjustment of the social infrastructure, in particular by expanding schooling capacities through 
modernization of existing schools and construction of new schools. 
Against this background and with its focus on affordable housing, the Issuer considers HOWOGE as systematically relevant 
for the State of Berlin. 
Such support included equity injections by way of land reserve contributions valued at approximately EUR 100 million (based 
on the fair value of the properties) from the State of Berlin to HOWOGE since 2014. The Issuer expects such support to 
continue, for example in the form of shareholder loans, equity injections, contributions in kind or state guarantees, if and to the 
extent such measures become necessary. In the Issuer’s view, future contributions of building land constitute a kind of an 
“inherent” pipeline of HOWOGE since the State of Berlin offers building land predominantly to municipal housing companies 
at prices below market level, subject to restrictions on rent levels for future tenants. The Issuer believes that these acquisitions 
enhance the predictability and stability of cash flows. 
The Issuer believes that such governmental support has been a reliable basis for HOWOGE’s success and its current credit 
rating (see “– General Information on HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung – Ratings”), and, given 
the current socio-political impact of the housing situation in particular in Berlin, HOWOGE expects the unrestricted support 
of its sole shareholder, the State of Berlin, to continue. 
Modernized high-quality portfolio with no material modernization backlog  
Between 1995 and 2003, the Issuer performed a complete modernization of approximately 40,000 residential units. Since 1990, 
the Issuer invested approximately EUR 1.9 billion in the modernization of its portfolio. Hence, as at 30 June 2021, HOWOGE’s 
portfolio is almost completely (98 %) refurbished. Consequently, and due to permanent structural maintenance, the Issuer 
believes that HOWOGE’s portfolio has no material modernization backlog.  
Rents in the lower market segment as basis for value retention of HOWOGE’s property portfolio 
In its capacity as a wholly owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin, HOWOGE’s objective is the construction and management 
of housing for broad sections of the population, including low-income households, at affordable rents. Therefore, the average 
rent level of HOWOGE’s portfolio is considerably below the overall market level of the Berlin housing market. The average 
monthly rental rate for residential units at HOWOGE is EUR 6.26 per sqm as at 30 June 2021, whereas the average monthly 
rental rate in Berlin is almost twice as much with an amount of EUR 14.00 per sqm (Source: Jones Lang Lasalle SE, Residential 
City Profile, Berlin 1. Halbjahr 2021, slide 3, as of July 2021). This ensures – in the Issuer’s view – a higher occupancy rate 
(98 % as at 30 June 2021) and a far lower fluctuation rate amongst tenants, each as compared to its competitors. The lower 
fluctuation rate leads to reduced costs usually connected with a tenant change.  
On the other hand, many competitors of HOWOGE used to increase the rent following a tenant change, which is not possible 
anymore due to the rent level restrictions currently in force in Berlin. Therefore, the competitors of HOWOGE are no longer 
able to benefit from such tenant changes but have to bear higher costs connected therewith. As a result, HOWOGE sees a lower 
fluctuation as compared to its competitors as a competitive advantage. 
Therefore, the significant below-market rent levels provide a meaningful cushion to buffer any market rent decline leading to 
a greater value stability in its property portfolio.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Strong local expertise in the development of high quality and attractive residential properties with considerable building 
land reserves 
HOWOGE has a strong local expertise regarding the construction of state-of-the-art residential units that are built in adherence 
to the principles of sustainable and ecological construction and under special consideration of demographic trends and demands. 
The Issuer expects to complete approximately 10,300 units by the year 2029. 
Measured by the planned volume of new construction, HOWOGE is among the top 10 project developers for residential units 
in Germany (Source: bulwiengesa Project Developer Study 2020, slide 11, as of 31 March 2020). 
Furthermore, HOWOGE owns approximately 1 million sqm of land reserves in Berlin (including the project development joint 
venture Elisabeth-Aue with more than 300,000 sqm) as at 30 June 2021. Those land reserves represent potential that may allow 
to build more than 10,000 residential units going forward. Since HOWOGE currently does not have building rights under estate 
planning law (Planungsrecht) for the majority of its untilled development sites (approximately 62 %), HOWOGE is 
increasingly relying on its development expertise in the area of development plan procedures and the creation of building rights. 
Fully integrated portfolio and property management platform with systematic insourcing approach 
Together with HOWOGE Services and HOWOGE Wärme, the Issuer features a fully integrated real estate portfolio 
management and property management platform, led by an experienced management team focused on portfolio growth and 
value stability. Of the Group’s 840 employees as at 30 June 2021, approximately 479 employees work in property and facility 
management, approximately 107 employees work in construction management, approximately 48 employees work in portfolio 
management, approximately 185 employees work in overhead functions and approximately 21 employees work in the school 
construction segment.  
The Issuer believes that its systematic insourcing allows HOWOGE to increase the proportion of services itself on an ongoing 
basis over the entire portfolio, in particular the maintenance and modernization services. Having its own employees on -site in 
the various property locations improves reaction times to customer inquiries, makes it easier to coordinate services and 
improves the quality of repair work. 
The Issuer believes that these factors make the units more attractive in general and help to enhancing customer satisfaction that 
leads to higher occupancy rates in HOWOGE’s portfolio and lower fluctuations of its tenants connected with higher posit ive 
cash flows and reduced costs. 
High level of tenant satisfaction due to sustainable management and social commitment 
The Issuer believes that HOWOGE benefits from a high level of tenant satisfaction by maintaining livable urban neighborhoods 
through its sustainable neighborhood management and its social commitment.  
Employees of HOWOGE are easily accessible – either on-site via several regional service offices or online.  
Furthermore, HOWOGE operates social and cultural meeting places, e.g. the Karlshorst Theatre prospectively through its 
foundation “Stadtkultur”, and offers workshops (Stadtwerkstätten) as educational, craft, work and cultural spaces in the urban 
quarters. Furthermore, HOWOGE supports the children and youth training of local sports clubs and other institutions in order 
to bring people and cultures together. 
Finally, in addition to a tenants' council (Mieterrat) on the level of the Issuer, there are also tenants' advisory boards 
(Mieterbeiräte) in each residential district. The aim of the work of these committees is to represent the interests of the tenants 
vis-à-vis to HOWOGE. The Issuer believes that giving tenants the opportunity to actively participate in HOWOGE’s decision 
will increase their satisfaction. 
The success of theses offers depend on skilled and motivated employees. In order to ensure the recruitment and retention of 
such employees, HOWOGE implemented certain measures, such as continuous trainings and personal development, modern 
workplaces, regular feedback, employee surveys and performance-oriented benefits. 
With the help of its highly motivated employees, HOWOGE is convinced that such measures next to the insourcing (see above 
“– Fully integrated portfolio and property management platform with systematic insourcing approach ”) are reasons for the 
high degree of tenant satisfaction. 
Regionally compact residential portfolio in Berlin  
More than 99 % of HOWOGE’s properties are located in Berlin, a prospering European metropolis making HOWOGE’s 
portfolio a regionally compact portfolio. The Berlin residential market continuously benefits from a combination of net 
migration, increase of qualified workers and a decreasing average household size. The Issuer has in-depth knowledge of the 
Berlin housing market through its local presence. 
State-of-the-art digital infrastructure 
HOWOGE is using market leading information technology software supplied by a third-party and managed internally by the 
information technology department. ERP system equipped with In-Memory database technology drives our core business

--- Page 140 ---
140 
processes and provides interfaces for several purposes like archive, reporting and more. These efficient digital processes create 
significantly leaner and more comfortable workflows, enable stable employee numbers, and reduce expenses. 
Key Developments and Megatrends 
The Issuer believes that the main megatrends affecting the residential property are (i) urbanization and the associated short age 
of housing, (ii) demographic change and the demand for housing that meets the needs of today's society, (iii) climate change 
and the drive to avoid fossil fuels with the aim of limiting emissions that are harmful to the environment, and (iv) integration 
within society as a result of social change, also due to migration to Germany. Greater emphasis also has to be placed on 
digitization in customer relationships and in internal processes.  
With respect to Berlin the Issuer believes that the residential real estate market in Berlin benefits notably fro m positive 
demographic trends. Berlin is the most populous city in Germany and had 3.77 million inhabitants in December 2020 ( Source: 
Office 
for 
statistics, 
Berlin-Brandenburg, 
press 
release 
10 
February 
2021, 
https://www.statistik-berlin-
brandenburg.de/pms/2021/21-02-10.pdf). Between 2013 and 2020, Berlin experienced a population growth of 7.1%. It is 
expected that the number of inhabitants in Berlin will increase to about 3.83 million by 2030 (Source: Berlin Senate Department 
for Urban Development and Housing, Bevölkerungsprognose für Berlin und die Bezirke 2018 – 2030, 10 December 2019). 
The Issuer believes that it will continue to benefit from Berlin’s status as the capital and largest city of Germany, which h as 
one of Europe’s strongest economies and is an important center for economy, business, politics and culture in continental 
Europe. In addition to a growing number of governmental employees in the city, Berlin is a particularly dynamic economic 
center for, among others, the services, pharmaceuticals, media, creative and technology sectors.  
In order to keep up with the fast demographic growth, on the one hand, and to ease the strained situation on the housing market, 
on the other hand, a total of 194,000 new residential units would have to be built between the date of this Base Prospectus and 
the year 2030, according to the Berlin senate department for urban development and housing (Berlin Senatsverwaltung für 
Stadtentwicklung und Wohnen) (Source: Berlin Senate Department for Urban Development and Housing, press release of 21 
August 2019, https://www.berlin.de/rbmskzl/aktuelles/pressemitteilungen/2019/pressemitteilung.839345.php ). Vacancy rates 
in residential housing in Berlin have been at 0.8% for 2018 and 2019, with the average vacancy rate in Germany  at 2.8% in 
thse years. Furthermore, the supply and demand gap is particularly imbalanced for residential units in the low price segement  
in Berlin, with rents below EUR 7/sqm and in the mid-price segment with rents between EUR 7/sqm and EUR 10/sqm. These 
imbalances have increased again compared to the year 2020. Only the market situation for high-priced rental apartments is 
balanced 
(Source: 
Investitionsbank 
Berlin, 
“Wohnungsbarameter 
2020” 
https://www.ibb.de/media/dokumente/publikationen/berliner-wohnungsmarkt/wohnungsbarometer/ibb-
wohnungsmarktbarometer-2021).  
These megatrends are addressed by HOWOGE in accordance with the political agenda of the State of Berlin by four main 
objectives: (i) ensuring the supply of affordable housing space for low incomes; (ii) increasing HOWOGE’s influence on the 
Berlin housing market; (iii) setting a high priority on environmental sustainability throughout its portfolio management strategy 
while reducing costs, and (iv) increasing customer satisfaction by pursuing a future oriented portfolio management with social 
commitment to create and maintain livable residential areas with social stability, cohesion within the neighborhood, 
intercultural exchange and promotion of children and younger people. 
Therefore, the Issuer believes that its business model provides answers to some of the ecological and socio-political challenges 
of today and has the potential to contribute to the solutions. 
Strategy  
In accordance with its Articles of Association and its public tasks determined by the State of Berlin, HOWOGE focuses on 
letting in a specific low-rent price segment of the Berlin housing market. The aim is to give broad sections of the population 
access to affordable, modern, sustainable and metropolitan housing.  
HOWOGE’s strategy comprises four pillars: “Growth”, "Portfolio Management", "Financing Strategy" and "Property 
Management". As a state-owned company, HOWOGE is aware of its special social responsibility for the growing and evolving 
city of Berlin. Therefore, all four pillars of HOWOGE’s strategy are embedded in the overarching task of social commitment 
to create and maintain livable urban neighborhoods through innovative new housing construction, the maintenance of its 
existing portfolio and its sustainable management.  
In addition to the residential portfolio and as part of such social commitment, school construction as part of the BSO is also an 
integral part of HOWOGE’s strategy. Thereby, HOWOGE is a lead partner of, and, in the assessment of the Issuer, 
systematically relevant for, the State of Berlin to achieve the objectives set by the political agenda of the State of Berlin . 
In detail, HOWOGE’s strategy elements can be described as follows: 
Growth Strategy 
The focus of HOWOGE’s strategy is on growth of its property portfolio through new construction and smaller acquisitions in 
the ordinary course of its business (organic growth) or through opportunistic acquisitions of larger existing properties

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(opportunistic growth). Thereby, the Issuer intends to increase its property portfolio to up to 100,000 residential units and to 
up to 2,000 commercial units by the year 2035.  
Organic Growth 
HOWOGE plans to expand its portfolio of 65,026 residential units (as at 30 June 2021) organically by new construction of 
residential units through development projects. In this respect, the Issuer has a development pipeline of approximately 13,000 
units, expected to be constructed over the next ten years. Furthermore, the Issuer possesses undeveloped land reserves represent 
potential that may allow to build more than 10,000 residential units going forward. Additionally, according to the Issuer’s 
internal planning, the increase of the housing stock of HOWOGE shall include the acquisition of 3,000 residential units until 
early 2030 in the ordinary course of HOWOGE’s business. The number of commercial units shall increase from 1,035 
(including owner-occupied units) up to 2,000 commercial units by 2035.  
In doing so, HOWOGE intends to contribute to social stability by pursuing a mix in each house of privately financed and 
subsidized housing as well as to a lesser extent (< 5 %) home-ownership (Wohneigentum) for selected residential property 
developments in its planning considerations. The Issuer is thus placing a stronger focus on commercial units to create mixed-
use neighborhoods (so-called Berliner Mischung) or, in terms of sustainability, the creation of the city of short distances. The 
new residential units shall accommodate different household types and sizes and thus adapt to changes in the population 
structure.  
In addition, the Issuer will rely on expanding and topping up existing roofs for the creation of housing space in order to use 
existing capacities in a resource-saving way.  
The Issuer’s growth focus continues to be primarily in the east of Berlin (Lichtenberg and the neighboring city districts), and 
will expand possibly in the future to the area of the State of Berlin and even – in the event of further housing supply shortages 
in Berlin – to adjacent regions in the State of Brandenburg with direct public transport connections to Berlin. 
Increase of Rental Income 
Because of the planned organic growth, HOWOGE intends to increase the cumulative rental income by up to 35 % by 2028 
following the acquisition of the New Portfolio. 
This growth is fueled by the increase of lettable sqm and only marginally affected by an increase in rental income through 
HOWOGE’s existing units (approximately a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 1 % p.a). 
Opportunistic Growth 
In addition to the organic growth plans, HOWOGE intends to grow through opportunistic acquisitions of existing residential 
portfolios such as the New Portfolio, subject to the availability of appropriate opportunities throughout Berlin. Hereby, in 
addition to its planned organic growth as described above, HOWOGE may acquire several 10,000 residential units depending 
on the prevailing market conditions, in particular in the frame of potential municipalization. 
In its acquisition strategy, the Issuer has clearly defined acquisition criteria, inter alia the following: 
• 
Annual shareholder return above 2 % after inflation over a 25 years horizon based on a discounted cashflow (“ DCF”) 
analysis. 
• 
Sustainable positive cash flows. 
• 
The Group shall maintain a strong financial profile with a net loan to value ratio (“ Net LTV”) of less than 50 %. 
Portfolio Management Strategy 
In its portfolio management strategy, HOWOGE pursues three major goals: Economic sustainability, the promotion of housing-
related services and environmental sustainability.  
Economic Sustainability 
HOWOGE aims to enhance economic sustainability through consistent maintenance of the existing completely modernized 
housing stock with sustainable materials and the reduction of energy consumption aiming at the preservation of its attractive 
stock. To this end, the Issuer carries out regular monitoring of its existing properties and optimizes t he energy efficiency of the 
existing properties through complex modernization measures.  
Furthermore, product standardization in maintenance and repair of the equipment of the residential units shall facilitate the 
property management and help to realize significant cost savings potential.  
Expansion of Housing-Related Services 
As part of this strategy, HOWOGE intends to expand its housing-related services in order to steadily enhance the quality of its 
offer, thereby reducing costs per unit through scalable business to generate positive cash flows and increase customer 
satisfaction. This shall lead to a higher tenant loyalty with a positive influence on the rental business. Such services shall also

--- Page 142 ---
142 
positively contribute to the earnings of HOWOGE with the aim to steadily increase such share as part of the overall earnings 
of HOWOGE.  
In the Issuer’s view, digitization and data evaluation will play a major role here since the generation of data and its evaluation 
may facilitate forecasts and planning as regards life cycles of building technology, necessary repair works and the costs 
connected therewith. Digitization leads to an improvement in the quality of such data and an enhancement of responsiveness, 
which will also reduce costs and increase efficiency in related processes.  
Further intended measures include the offer for tenants to rent (electric) bicycles and scooters, larger tools and machines, other 
services like the deposit and pick-up of parcels, transport and shopping assistance services, as well as the creation of special 
facilities, e.g. charging stations for electric vehicles and laundry rooms with state-of-the-art equipment.  
HOWOGE continually evaluates additional service ideas to boost customer satisfaction and add the corresponding services to 
its offering. 
Environmental sustainability 
HOWOGE sets high priority on environmental sustainability throughout its portfolio management strategy. When developing 
new properties or in the modernization of existing units, HOWOGE intends to use durable and renewable raw materials and 
recycled materials. It also implements decentralized energy generation facilities such as photovoltaics and combined heat and 
power generation (Kraft-Wärme-Kopplung).  
Furthermore, HOWOGE intends to enhance the desealing of land in favor of green spaces and the greening of roofs for 
ecological use. 
In this way, HOWOGE aims in particular to reduce carbon dioxide emissions to a maximum of 0.6 tonnes per residential unit 
per year by 2035, with the current carbon dioxide emission per residential unit already below 1.0 tonnes per year.  
In 2019, the German association for the promotion of sustainability in housing awarded the Issuer its NaWo Quality Seal for 
one of its projects. In 2020, HOWOGE’s efforts as to environmental sustainability were recognized by the German Federal 
Environmental Agency (Umweltbundesamt) awarding the federal prize “UMWELT & BAUEN – für nachhaltige Gebäude, 
Quartiere und ökologische Innovationen” for a CO2-neutral residential district in Berlin Friedrichsfelde.  
Financing Strategy 
With its financing strategy, HOWOGE pursues various, complementary goals: The focus on adequate, optimized liquidity at 
all times, a balanced structure and maturity of debt capital, the optimization of financing costs and the maintenance of ratings. 
HOWOGE pursues a conservative approach in which the debt ratio is kept as low as possible, the necessary liquidity is always 
made available to the operating units. At the same time, the Net LTV ratio shall not exceed 50 % (Net LTV ratio excluding 
figures related to the school segment). 
Additional objective targets are: 
• 
Control over interest rate risks through aligned maturity dates. 
• 
Increased planning security through long-term fixed interest rates. 
• 
Financial transactions are oriented exclusively according to the needs of the core operating business. 
• 
Debt redemption strategy and increase in unencumbered property potential through active mortgage management . 
• 
Diversification of financing through debt instruments with fast and free access to debt capital markets. 
Historically, HOWOGE has financed itself, as is customary in the municipal real estate sector, through loans secured by land 
registry charges from regional and state/development banks. With direct access to the capital markets, the targeted 
diversification among debt financing providers will be further advanced, with the goal to support the growth strategy of 
HOWOGE in a sustainable and consistent manner. 
Property Management Strategy 
HOWOGE’s focus in its property management strategy lies on (i) insourcing, (ii) digitalizing, and (iii) collection of further 
know-how. 
Insourcing 
HOWOGE's intends to further enhance its internal service capacities by (i) offering metering services and the sale of electricity 
to its tenants through its subsidiary HOWOGE Wärme, (ii) the management of development and construction projects by 
Kramer + Kramer and (iii) expanding the range of technical services and maintenance measures to be provided by HOWOGE 
Service through own craftsmen, technicians and caretakers.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Digitization  
As regards its technical infrastructure in property management, HOWOGE intends to push the digitization process to create 
more efficient and more comfortable workflows while reducing sources of errors. Digital process tools, where different 
departments are cross-linked and integrated, will coordinate tasks and workflows. Digital development will also be a benefit 
for HOWOGE’s customers by creating a mobile app to facilitate access to HOWOGE’s services. 
HOWOGE strives to have 100 % of their processes digitalized by the year 2035. 
Collection of Know-How 
Ultimately, HOWOGE intends to expand its network of strategic partnerships with other regional and superregional institutions 
and property companies with a similar business focus. By broadening such network and sharing experiences made, HOWOGE 
expects to learn from its partners who face similar challenges. 
Social Commitment Strategy 
The overall strategy of HOWOGE is characterized by its social commitment, in particular in the city district of Lichtenberg. 
HOWOGE aims to create and maintain livable residential areas with social stability, cohesion within the neighborhood, 
intercultural exchange and promotion of children and younger people.  
School Construction and School Refurbishment Strategy 
A separate, but significant part of HOWOGE’s business strategy is the new construction and refurbishment of schools in a 
sustainable, cost-covering and future-oriented manner as part of the BSO. The projects are to be carried out by implementing 
modern standards and simplifying planning and construction processes based on a framework agreement with the State of 
Berlin entered into in January 2019 (see “– Other Material Agreements – Framework Agreement of HOWOGE with the State 
of Berlin”). In addition to this framework agreement for the overall model, HOWOGE will enter into three further specific 
follow-up contracts with the respective city district for individual new construction and renovation projects. 
A major goal of the stakeholder in the BSO is to receive a silver certificate of the German federal ministry of the interior for 
construction and home affairs (Bundesministerium des Innern für Bau und Heimat, “BNB”) for all school building projects by 
implementing devices for photovoltaic systems and applying high ecological standards for building materials. The 
environmental sustainability of the school building projects is emphasized by the use of modular timber constructions, where 
the buildings are assembled from individual wooden building elements (modules), which are produced in advance by the 
construction companies. 
HOWOGE has established its own competence center for school construction with 21 employees (as at 30 June 2021) with the 
aim to build up particular school construction expertise in the long term. 
As at 30 June 2021, there are in total 38 projects planned, thereof 17 new constructions, 8 modular timber constructions and 
13 renovations of existing schools, representing a total investment volume of HOWOGE of EUR 3 billion until 2028.  
HOWOGE's Portfolio Structure  
Overview 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group holds a property portfolio consisting of 65,026 residential units, 1,035 commercial units and 
12,039 other properties (in particular parking spaces and garages, all including owner-occupied units) in Berlin, primarily – 
with more than 85 % of the overall portfolio – located in the city district of Berlin-Lichtenberg. Approximately 55 residential 
units are located in the State of Brandenburg. 
The total residential lettable area amounted to 3,982 thousand sqm. As at 30 June 2021, the average rent per sqm per month 
for the Group’s residential portfolio amounted to EUR 6.26 (31 December 2020: EUR 6.25; 31 December 2019: EUR 6.24). 
As at 30 June 2021, the vacancy rate for the residential portfolio of the Group, including capex related vacancies due to new 
developments and modernizations, was 1.5 % (31 December 2020: 1.2%; 31 December 2019: 1.0 %).

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
The following table shows key data for HOWOGE’s portfolio for the last two fiscal years and the first half year 2021. The 
information are derived from the Issuer´s accounting records and its internal reporting:  
 
As of and for the fiscal year ended  
(in EUR thousand, unless stated otherwise) 
30 June 
31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021² 
20201 
2019 
Number of Units  
total portfolio3 
78,100 
76,499 
74,022 
of which residential 
65,026 
64,080 
62,288 
of which commercial 
1,035 
969 
932 
of which other & parking 
12,039 
11,450 
10,802 
thereof owner-occupied2 
167 
157 
154 
In-place rent (end of period, annualized) 
313,285 
305,820 
295,032 
of which residential 
294,560 
291,092 
282,336 
of which commercial 
13,918 
10,118 
8,912 
of which other & parking 
4,807 
4,610 
3,784 
Rent increase of annualized in-place rent (in %) 
2.4 % 
3.7 % 
4.7 % 
of which residential 
1.2 % 
3.1 % 
4.5 % 
of which commercial 
37.6 % 
13.5 % 
7.3 % 
of which other & parking 
4.3 % 
21.8 % 
10.0 % 
In-place rent (per month in EUR per sqm)3 
6.32  
6.28 
6.25 
of which residential 
6.26 
6.25 
6.24 
of which commercial 
8.05 
7.01 
6.58 
Rent increase of in-place rent per month per sqm (in 
%) 
0.6 % 
0.5 % 
1.6 % 
of which residential 
0.2 % 
0.2 % 
1.6 % 
of which commercial 
14.8 % 
6.5 % 
3.8 % 
Total portfolio value4 
11,163,353 
10,557,464 
9,898,900 
Vacancy rate (in % of sqm)5 
1.6 % 
1.3 % 
1.1 % 
of which residential 
1.5 % 
1.2 % 
1.0 % 
of which commercial 
3.5 % 
3.0 % 
3. 7% 
Area (in thousands sqm) 
4,132 
4,050 
3,928 
of which residential 
3,982 
3,926 
3,810 
of which commercial 
149 
124 
117 
___________________________________ 
1 
Incl. the new building projects Frankfurter Allee 216/218, 10365 Berlin – Lichtenberg (394 apartments) and Im Lindenhof 21, 30, 10365 Berlin – Lichtenberg 
(12 apartments). 
2 
Total portfolio includes the following owner-occupied units as at 30 June 2021:14 residential, 110 commercial, 43 other & parking; as of 31 December 
2020:14 residential, 108 commercial, 35 other & parking; as of 31 December 2019: 14 residential, 104 commercial, 36 other & parking. These owner-occupied 
units are not shown in the IFRS consolidated financial statements as of and for half year 2021and the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019  as owner-
occupied units are not relevant for valuation under IFRS.  
3 
In-place rent (per month in EUR per sqm) is defined as current gross rent per month for rented residential and commercial units as agreed in the corresponding 
rent agreements as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 2019, respectively, before deducting non-recoverable operating costs, divided by the lettable area 
of rented units as of the same dates: Residential in-place rent is often also referred to as “net cold rent”. 
4  
Total portfolio value is the sum of developed land and undeveloped land/ hereditary building rights granted as well as assets under construction and 
developments. 
5 
Vacancy rate at period end (in % of sqm) is the sqm of vacant lettable units as of the respective period end, divided by the total sqm of units owned on the 
respective period end date.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Geographic Distribution  
The following chart shows the geographic distribution of HOWOGE’s properties in the metropolitan area of Berlin focused on 
East Berlin as at 30 June 2021: 
 
 
Average Size of Apartments 
The Group’s portfolio is largely composed of medium-sized residential units. The average size of the Group’s apartments is at 
approximately 61 sqm and is thus well aligned, according to its own assessment, to address the needs of its target group, namely 
tenants with low to medium incomes. Its properties satisfy the trend, observed for some time now, towards an ongoing increase 
in the number of single-person households in Germany. As at 30 June 2021, 3.6 % of the portfolio consists of apartments with 
a size of less than 30 sqm, 43.9 % with a size from 30 sqm to less than 60 sqm, 46.9 % with a size from 60 sqm to less than 90 
sqm, 5.6 % with a size from 60 sqm to less than 90 sqm and 5.6 % with a size of 90 sqm and above. 
Building Age of Properties  
The following chart shows the building age of HOWOGE’s properties referring to the initial building age not taking into 
account any refurbishment or modernization measure (in % of residential units by building age): 
 
Public Subsidies, Rent Restrictions  
As at 30 June 2021, 2.2 % (by sqm) of the Group’s residential units (excluding the project developments) are under rent 
restrictions due to public subsidies. 
The Group received grants from public banks in particular in the form of repayment bonuses and low-interest loans that impose 
certain limitations on the Group. As at 30 June 2021, the Group had received such subsidized loans that carry a book value of 
EUR 75.1 million with a nominal value of EUR 87.4 million. 
 
 
3,4%
8,0%
14,7%
23,5%
40,5%
9,9%
<1921
1921–1950
1951–1970
1971-1980
1981-1990
>1990
>50% of assets 
constructed post 1980
Lichtenberg 
Pankow 
Marzahn-Hellersdorf 
Treptow-Köpenick

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Commercial Portfolio 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group held 1,035 commercial units (including owner-occupied units), which accounted for 1.3 % of 
the total units. These commercial units (including approximately 100 physicians’ surgeries with strong local supply) are part 
of the strategy to improve the residential environment in the individual neighborhoods.  
Residential Property Development 
The project development business is an important business segment within the Group’s business. Since 2013, the Group has 
significantly grown its in-house project development business with 61 undeveloped properties. The Issuer expects to complete 
approximately 10,300 units between 2021 and 2029.  
From its current development projects, the Group expects to complete approximately 450 units by the end of 2021 and between 
2022 and 2027 approximately 650 to 2,500 units (not considering potential additional development projects from land reserves). 
The Issuer expects to invest approximately EUR 2.1 billion until the end of 2029 into  those projects from its existing 
development pipeline, with an expected approximately EUR 1.7 billion hereof until the end of the year 2024.  
As at 30 June 2021, HOWOGE owns approximately 1 million sqm of land reserves in Berlin (including the project development 
joint venture Elisabeth-Aue with more than 300,000 sqm). Those land reserves represent potential that may allow to build more 
than 10,000 residential units going forward. However, HOWOGE currently does not have building rights under estate plan ning 
law (Planungsrecht) for the majority of such development sites (approximately 62 %). 
 
Selected operational data on the New Portfolio  
On 16 and 17 September 2021, the Issuer entered into various agreements relating to the purchase and acquisition of real estate 
properties representing 8,267 residential units, such residential units referred to throughout this Base Prospectus as the New 
Portfolio (for more details on the agreements entered into relating to the acquisition of the New Portfolio see “ – Material 
Agreemets – Acquisition agreements relating to the New Portfolio”). The transfer of ownership of the New Portfolio is expected 
to take place for the beginning of January 2022 respectively. The acquisition of the New Portfolio would increase the Issuer’s 
residential real estate portfolio to more than 73,000 residential units.  
The following table shows selected operational data from the New Portfolio as at 30 June 2021. The information of the table 
below has been derived by the Issuer from the sellers of the New Portfolio: 
(unaudited) 
 
30 June 2021 
Number of Units  
total portfolio 
 11,461 
of which residential 
 8,267 
of which commercial 
 
247 
of which other & parking 
 2,947 
In-place rent (end of period, annualized, in EUR thousand) 
 45,923 
of which residential 
 42,189 
of which commercial 
 2,798 
of which other & parking 
 
936 
In-place rent (per month in EUR per sqm) 
 
6.67 
of which residential 
 
6.55 
of which commercial 
 
9.08 
Vacancy rate (in % of sqm) 
 2.2 % 
of which residential 
 1.8 % 
of which commercial 
 10.7% 
Area (in thousands sqm) 
 
575 
of which residential 
 
546 
of which commercial 
 
29

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
By acquiring the New Portfolio HOWOGE will expand its portfolio in Berlin to seven additional districts and by 12.9 % in 
terms of number of units in the portfolio. The following table shows on an illustrative pro forma basis selected operational data 
of HOWOGE’s property portfolio as at 30 June 2021 as if the New Portfolio had been acquired and owned by this date by 
HOWOGE: 
 
(unaudited) 
30 June 2021 
 
HOWOGE´s Portfolio 
before transaction 
New Portfolio 
HOWOGE´s Portfolio 
after transaction 
Number of residential units 
65,026 
8,267 
73,293 
Number of commercial units 
1,035 
247 
1,282 
Area total (in thousands sqm) 
4,132 
575 
4,707 
In-place rent total (end of period, annualized, in 
EUR thousand) 
313,285 
45,923 
359,208 
In-place rent residential (per month in EUR per 
sqm) 
6.26 
6.55 
6.29 
In-place rent commercial (per month in EUR per 
sqm) 
8.05 
9.08 
8.21 
Vacancy rate residential (in % of sqm) 
1.5 % 
1.8 % 
1.6 % 
Vacancy rate commercial (in % of sqm) 
3.5 % 
10.7 % 
4.7 % 
Total portfolio value (in EUR thousand) 
11,1631 
1,4332 
12,596 
 
1 
Total portfolio value is the sum of developed land and undeveloped land/ hereditary building rights granted as well as assets under construction and 
developments. The value of developed land exklusive undeveloped land/hereditary building rights granted as well as assets under construction and 
developments amounts EUR 10,844. 
 
2 
Value according to Issuer’s assessment based on third-party appraisers.  
School Projects  
According to the status of the BSO as of the date of this Base Prospectus, HOWOGE will undertake the construction of 
approximately 17 new schools as well as up to 8 wooden modular schools and refurbish 13 school complexes. A total of around 
EUR 3 billion has been earmarked for these projects in HOWOGE's long-term planning. This investment program will be 
financed by shareholder loans during the preliminary planning phase, and loans granted by public-sector banks secured by state 
guarantees during the construction phase and by forfaiting of rent payments during the leasing phase (see “– Material 
Agreements – Other Material Agreements – Framework Agreement of HOWOGE with State of Berlin as regards the BSO”). 
Beginning with the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
the current business unit school construction will be reported as a separate segment according to IFRS. The status as at 30 June 
2021 was as follows: 
As regards new constructions of schools, 10 of the planned 17 projects have started the tested requirement program (geprüftes 
Bedarfsprogramm) as at 30 June 2021. This requirement program forms the basis for the construction of a specific school and 
is prepared by the Senate Department of for Education, Youth and Familiy (Senatsverwaltung für Bildung, Jugend und Familie, 
“SDEYF”) with the support of the Issuer and in coordination with the respective district. It determines the details of the 
construction, such as deadlines, costs and areas. In 2020, four requirement programs have already been completed and delivered 
to SDEYF. 
The first school project is in the approval process. The Issuer has received a building permit (Baugenehmigung) in July of 2021 
and the construction to start in the fourth quarter of 2021. This project is scheduled to be completed with handing over of the 
school to the competent school authority (the respective district) in early 2024.  
By 2023, the Issuer expects to begin with the construction of three other schools, assuming the completion of the projects by 
the end of 2025. 
As regards the refurbishment of existing schools, ten projects have been started since 2019. As of the date of t his Base 
Prospectus, refurbishment concepts for ten schools are adopted. In 2020, five requirement programs have already been 
completed and delivered to the involved city districts. In a next step, the Issuer will start the refurbishment of these schools 
once the relevant building permits (Baugenehmigung) have been issued.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Business Operations 
Overview 
HOWOGE’s business functions are responsible for (i) asset and portfolio management, (ii) property and facility management, 
(iii) construction and project development management, and (iv) acquisitions and financing. The teams within each business 
function collect and process specific knowledge related to the relevant task.  
In addition to the business functions, HOWOGE’s other departments such as accounting, human resources, administration, 
legal and purchasing and information technology provide services for and within HOWOGE. 
HOWOGE’s property and facility management provides property management and services to tenants, respectively. It provides 
services in property management, letting management, tenant bookkeeping, rent collection and controlling and reporting. The 
in-sourced property management team has led to substantial cost reduction, an increased tenant satisfaction and low tenant 
churn. HOWOGE intends to expand its in-sourced services going forward.  
The construction and project development management offers complete and comprehensive construction management services 
for both the Residential and School Construction segments, including site survey and evaluation, coordination with local 
authorities, budget estimate and controlling, control and approval of supplier invoices, project scheduling, site management 
and documentation. 
Asset and Portfolio Management 
HOWOGE takes a comprehensive approach to asset management, which includes portfo lio and transaction management, 
supply management, organizational management and financial management. Through its asset management activity, 
HOWOGE seeks to manage its assets in accordance with its strategic goal of social commitment to create and maintain livable 
urban neighborhoods through innovative new housing construction, the maintenance of its existing portfolio and its sustainable 
management. These activities are primarily centralized in the department strategic portfolio management.  
HOWOGE considers its portfolio development efforts an important part of its strategy (see “– Strategy – Portfolio Management 
Strategy”). 
Property and Facility Management 
The property and facility management function comprises all owner-related competencies, including tenancy related 
administrative functions within HOWOGE. This business function is primarily conducted through the department operative 
portfolio management. The property management function manages the letting process, encompassing tenant booking and 
marketing, rent collection, rent development and technical services for all of its residential and commercial units. 
Letting and Tenant Services  
The letting department performs virtually all administrative work relating to the letting, including closing new letting contracts 
and letting strategies. HOWOGE does not engage third party rental agencies and performs all related services with its on 
employees. HOWOGE’s letting specialists have a significant amount of discretion to freely address prospective tenant needs. 
In addition, HOWOGE operates local customer centers that are open to existing and prospective tenants contributing to tenant 
satisfactions and low vacancy rates in the entire portfolio.  
Furthermore, HOWOGE performs an ongoing vacancy management, including to survey units during the three-month 
cancellation period and if the technical condition of the unit is satisfactory. The property and facility management works closely 
with the in-house construction management to receive recommendations on the scope of modernization needed in order to 
fulfill market needs and to rent out the vacant units successfully. 
Rent Collection  
HOWOGE strictly monitors overdue rent from its tenants and has established a structured arrears management process. 
Account managers may give tenants the option of a deferred payment or instalment payments. To provide this service, 
HOWOGE currently employ managers who can give tenants expert advice and who can negotiate individually tailored 
solutions in order to avoid costly eviction proceedings for all parties involved. HOWOGE has achieved a sustainable high rent 
collection rate.  
Technical Services  
The Issuer believes that its systematic insourcing allows HOWOGE to increase the proportion of services itself on an ongoing 
basis over the entire portfolio, in particular, the maintenance and modernization services. Most of these technical services are 
provided by HOWOGE Service. Having its own employees on-site in the various property locations improves reaction times 
to customer inquiries, makes it easier to coordinate services and improves the quality of repair work. This includes the tech nical 
facility support, quality assurance in development and refurbishment projects, as well as janitorial services, so-called "mobile 
janitors" for night services, the operation of concierge logs and the neighborhood helper service.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Management of Commercial Units 
Management of the commercial units in the property is handled by a small team in parallel with the management of the 
residential properties. This team is divided into two groups: One team is responsible for the management of commercial units 
with bigger leasing space, which pertain mainly to new constructions, whereas the customer centers of the Issuer directly 
manage commercial units with smaller leasing space. 
The commercial units currently held in the property portfolio are integrated into the residential properties and primarily include 
small retail businesses within residential buildings. 
Construction Management 
The construction and development project management is primarily conducted through the Issuer’s subsidiary Kramer + 
Kramer which provides planning and construction management as well as consulting services for HOWOGE’s new and existing 
building projects. 
Kramer + Kramer thus supports HOWOGE in the handling of numerous development projects for the construction of new 
residential units as well as in the preparation and implementation of school construction projects for the State of Berlin as part 
of the BSO. 
Heating  
HOWOGE also provides its properties and tenants with heating, energy and hot water. This service is offered through the 
Issuer’s subsidiary HOWOGE Wärme. It also assumes the complete energy management, from building analysis and the 
planning and supervision of energy-saving measures to plant operation management and consumption monitoring. In addition, 
HOWOGE Wärme operates three own cogeneration plants (Blockheizkraftwerke) that generate electricity for tenants with a 
capacity of approximately 500 kilowatts. Photovoltaic systems installed on roofs of HOWOGE’s properties have a capacity of 
1.4 megawatts peak. Finally, HOWOGE Wärme partly provides metering services for energy billing for the Group’s properties. 
Acquisitions and Financing  
The acquisition of properties is led by the strategic portfolio management department. Before acquiring a property, HOWOGE 
engages in commercial, technical and legal due diligence examinations, except for acquisitions by exercising pre-emptive rights 
(Vorkaufsrechte), where due diligence examinations are expected to be limited to the inspection of the traffic areas and the 
recourse to the documentation of the presented purchase agreement. However, HOWOGE has exercised pre-emptive rights 
only once as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
In its acquisition strategy, the Issuer has defined acquisition criteria that target residential multi-family assets within in Berlin 
in the low to mid rental price segment. Other acquisition criteria include projected annual shareholder return above 2 % after 
inflation over a 25 years horizon based on a DCF analysis, expected sustainable positive cash flows and a strong financial 
profile with a Net LTV of less than 50 %. 
The financing for acquisitions and ongoing working capital requirements is led by the finance department which determines 
financing needs. When obtaining new debt financing, the financing department closely cooperates with other departments, such 
as legal and purchasing.  
Purchasing  
As a state-owned company, the Issuer and HOWOGE are subject to German and European procurement law regulation. All 
contracting with third parties is closely monitored by the legal and purchasing department.  
Material Investments  
On 16/17 September 2021 the Issuer entered into the agreements for the acquisition of the New Portfolio, with an expected 
transfer of ownership for the beginning of January 2022. Other than that the Issuer has made no material investments since the 
date of its last published financial statements and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, its management has made no firm 
commitments on such material investments in the future. 
Employees 
HOWOGE’s total head count on Group level amounted to 840 employees as at 30 June 2021 (including the member of the 
management board). As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer has 573 employees (including the members of the management board). On 
group level, the Group had on average 808 employees (full time employees, inclusive trainees) in the fiscal year 2020.  
Governmental, Legal or Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of its business activities, HOWOGE is regularly involved in legal proceedings, both as a claimant 
and as a defendant. These proceedings relate to routine matters of tenancy and other laws, and do not have a significant impact

--- Page 150 ---
150 
on the Group's business. However, neither the Issuer nor its subsidiaries are currently involved, and have not been involved in 
the past 12 months, in governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or threatened proceedings) that could 
or recently had a significant impact on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Information Technology 
The Group is using market leading information technology software supplied by a third-party and managed internally by the 
information technology department. ERP system equipped with In-Memory database technology drives the core business 
processes and provides interfaces for several purposes like archive, reporting and more. 
Intellectual Property, Trademarks and Domains 
The Group does not have any patents or trademarks, which are material for the Group’s business.  
Insurance Coverage 
HOWOGE has procured various operating insurance policies, which include, among others: business and environmental 
liability coverage, electronic data processing equipment insurance, motor vehicle insurance, employee accident insurance, 
employee fraud insurance, and property damage and third-party liability insurance that covers fire, lighting and explosions, 
water damage, storms and hail, natural hazards including, e.g. floods and earthquakes, broken glass and vandalism as well as 
statutory liability as a property owner. 
Material Agreements 
The following section provides a summary of material agreements to which any member of the Group is a party. 
Acquisition agreements relating to the New Portfolio 
On 16 and 17 September 2021 the Issuer entered into various agreements relating to the purchase and acquisition of real estate 
properties representing 8,267 residential units with a total area of 575,000 sqm in various districts of Berlin (the "New 
Portfolio"). The New Portfolio comprises real estate properties and hereditary building rights. The total purchase price for the 
New Portfolio was set on a preliminary basis, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and is expected to result in a 
cash payment obligation of the Issuer of EUR 1.33 billion which is expected to become due for payment on 3 January 2022. 
The transfer of ownership of the New Portfolio is expected to take place for the beginning of January 2022 respectively. The 
acquisition of the New Portfolio is subject to customary closing conditions, such as merger control approval, which are expected 
to be fulfilled within the year 2021. The acquisition of the New Portfolio was part of a wider transaction in which there housing 
companies owned by the State of Berlin, including the Issuer, purchased a total of 14,000 residential units in Berlin.  
The acquisition of the New Portfolio by the Issuer was implemented through the conclusion of two sets of agreements with the 
respective sellers of the New Portfolio, which are Vonovia SE and certain of its subsidiaries on the one hand and Deutsche 
Wohnen SE and certain of its subsidiaries on the other hand, supplemented in both cases by various co -investors that held 
minority stakes of certain property companies holding residental units belonging to the New Portfolio. The agreements 
comprise of a framework agreement, several real estate purchase agreements (asset deals) and several share purchase 
agreements for all shares (share deals) in several companies holding real estate (the "New Portfolio Property Companies"). 
The sellers of the real estate acquired through asset deals were subsidiaries of Deutsche Wohnen SE. The sellers of the shares 
of the New Portfolio Property Companies were subsidiaries of Vonovia SE, Deutsche Wohnen SE as well as various other co-
investors which were minority shareholders in the New Portfolio Property Companies.  
Framework Agreement Deutsche Wohnen  
For the purpose of acquiring the certain properties of the New Portfolio, the Issuer together with the two other housing 
companies owned by the State of Berlin entered into a framework agreement with Deutsche Wohnen SE, certain of its 
subsidiaries as well as certain minority shareholders in New Portfolio Property Companies on 16 September and 17 September 
2021. The framework agreements sets forth the the general conditions for the subsequent acquisition of certain properties and 
shares of the New Portfolio Property Companies. While the sellers shall be liable for breaches of representations and warrant ies 
made with respect to ownership and title of the real estate comprising the New Portfolio, it was agreed that the sellers shall not 
be liable for any environmental damages or other defects in the properties. The maximum liability amount of the Issuer was 
capped at a fixed amount. Furthermore, the Issuer has acknowledged in the framework agreement that the acquired properties 
of the New Portfolio are in need of repair and maintenance due to their age and that the sellers are not obliged to improve the 
building condition of the New Portfolio. The provisions of the framework agreement apply to both the real estate purchase 
agreements and the share purchase agreements with Deutsche Wohnen SE and its subsidiaries as described in more detail 
below.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Real Estate Purchase Agreement Deutsche Wohnen  
In order to carry out the acquisition of approximately 4,047 residential units belonging to the New Portfolio, the Issuer 
concluded one real estate purchase agreement (asset deal) with the respective sellers on 16 September and 17 September 2021. 
The respective sellers, being certain subsidiaries of Deutsche Wohnen SE, undertook to sell and transfer ownership of the 
relevant properties and hereditary building rights to the Issuer. Any liability of the sellers for any environmental damage, 
irrespective of its occurrence, extent or legal basis, was contractually excluded. In addition, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
sellers against any claims that may be asserted in the future by third parties against the sellers as former owners due to 
environmental damage. In addition, the respective owners have assumed guarantees to the customary extent as part of the real 
estate purchase agreement. However, the sellers shall not be liable for any capital expenditures due to the required repair, 
maintenance or any other technical defects of the real estate. The transfer of ownership of the real estate is expected to take 
place for the beginning of January 2022 and does not depend on the payment of the purchase price. 
Share Purchase Agreements Deutsche Wohnen  
In order to carry out the acquisition of approximately 950 residential units belonging to the New Portfolio, the Issuer further 
entered into a share purchase agreement (share deals) dated 16 and 17 September 2021 with Deutsche Wohnen SE, certain of 
its subsidiaries as well as certain minority shareholders in New Portfolio Property Companies as sellers for the acquisition of 
all shares in one New Portfolio Property Companies holding such residential units. In addition, the sellers of the shares in the 
New Portfolio Property Company have assumed customary guarant ees as part of the share purchase agreement, relating to the 
title in the shares and the properties held by the respective New Portfolio Property Company, as well as to to certain other 
financial, technical or other circumstances. However, the sellers are not liable for any capital expenditures due to the required 
repair, maintenance or any other technical defects of the real estate held by the New Portfolio Property Companies. In addition, 
any liability of the sellers for environmental damage was contractually excluded. The transfer of ownership of all shares shall 
take place upon completion of the closing conditions and is expected to occur in the beginning of January 2022. The preliminary 
purchase price will be adjusted upwards or downwards following the purchase price calculation mechanism based on the 
balance sheet of the respective New Portfolio Property Company.  
Share Purchase Agreements Vonovia  
In order to carry out the acquisition of approximately 3,270 residential units belonging to the New Portfolio, the Issuer entered 
into a share purchase agreement (share deal) on 16 September 2021 with Vonovia SE, certain of its subsidiaries as well as 
certain minority shareholders in New Portfolio Property Companies as sellers for the acquisition of all shares in ten New 
Portfolio Property Companies holding such residential units. The sellers of the shares in the New Portfolio Property Companies 
have assumed customary guarantees as part of the share purchase agreements, relating to the title in the shares and the properties 
held by the respective New Portfolio Property Company, as well as to to certain other financial, technical or other 
circumstances. However, the sellers are not liable for any capital expenditures due to the required repair, maintenance or any 
other technical defects of the real estate held by the New Portfolio Property Companies. In addition, any liability of the sellers 
for any environmental damage, irrespective of its occurrence, extent or legal basis, was contractually excluded. In addition, the 
Issuer must indemnify the sellers against any claims that may be asserted in the future by third parties against the sellers as 
former owners due to environmental damage. The maximum liabilty of the sellers for breaches of representations and 
warrtanties was capped at a fixed amount. The transfer of ownership of all shares shall take place upon completion of the 
closing conditions and is expected to occur in the beginning of January 2022. The preliminary purchase price will be adjusted 
upwards or downwards following the purchase price calculation mechanism based on the balance sheet of the respective New 
Portfolio Property Company. 
Financing Arrangements 
Material Loans 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group had entered into 164 loan agreements (including bank loans, shareholder loans and government 
grants) with 15 different lenders with a total commitment volume of EUR 2.26 billion (excluding working capital facilities 
amounting to EUR 102 million, see “– Working Capital Facilities”). At the same date, EUR 1.96 billion were drawn by the 
Group and open disbursements amounted to EUR 0.31 billion.  
The loan portfolio is generally secured by first-ranking real estate liens currently amounting to EUR 2.41 billion in the 
aggregate, thereof EUR 1.89 billion were drawn by the Group as at 30 June 2021. Further collateral includes assignments of 
receivables or credit balances. In total, 8 of the loans amounting to EUR 36.36 million are secured by guarantees. 
The loans were provided for the purpose to finance property acquisitions, modernizations and maintenance measures as well 
as new construction. The security is provided on existing properties.  
The interest rates are long-term fixed, so that there is a high degree of interest rate security. The balanced fixed-interest structure 
allows HOWOGE to take advantage of interest rate opportunities and avoid major interest rate risks. 
On 17 June 2021 the Group entered into a bridge loan facility with a syndicate of lenders with a principal amount of EUR 1.5

--- Page 152 ---
152 
billion to finance the acquisition of the New Portfolio (the “ Bridge Loan Facility”). The Bridge Loan Facility is unsecured. 
No funds have been drawn by the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus (for further details see “– Bridge Loan Facility”).  
The table below provides an overview of the bank loans granted to the Group as at 30 June 2021 with a current total commitment 
over EUR 200 million. 
 
Lender 
Number of 
individual 
Loans 
Current 
Amount 
Drawn (in 
EUR 
thousand) 
Open 
Disbursements 
(in EUR 
thousand) 
Current total 
Commitment 
(in EUR 
thousand) 
∅ Interest 
Rate in % 
∅ 
Repayment 
Rate in % 
∅ Remaining 
Terms (end of 
fixed interest 
period) in 
Years 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Berlin Hyp  
11 
248,361 
0 
248,361 
1.79 
3.98 
6.96 
Berliner Sparkasse  
6 
326,293 
0 
326,293 
1.29 
2.24 
13.85 
Deutsche 
Kreditbank AG  
22 
354,594 
0 
354,594 
1.45 
5.96 
12.69 
Investitionsbank 
Berlin  
108 
699,020 
64,263 
763,283 
1.35 
3.06 
11.16 
Total 
147 
1,628,268 
64,263 
1,692,531 
 
 
 
Other loans 
17 
332,633 
244,000 
576,633 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total1   
164 
1,960,901 
308,263 
2,269,164 
1.42 
3.89 
11.76 
1 
Including bank loans, shareholder loans and government grants. 
The table below provides an overview of the maturity profile for the next twelve years of the outstanding bank loans of the 
Group as at 30 June 2021 (excluding the Bridge Loan Facility and the segment school construction): 
Year of Maturity 
Amount due in EUR million 
2021 
5.2 
2022 
71.6 
2023 
29.6 
2024 
60.9 
2025 
53.6 
2026 
95.9 
2027 
119.2 
2028 
53.5 
2029 
55.6 
2030 
101.4 
2031 
63.0 
2032 
6.7 
after 2033 
590.1 
Total 
1.306,3 
The costs of debt were 1.5 % as at 31 December 2020 and 1.8% as at 31 December 2019 (calculated as ratio of finance expenses 
without leasing expenses to bank loans and shareholder loans). 
Of the EUR 1.96 billion of total debt 98 % were secured debt as at 30 June 2021. Based on the Group’s total portfolio value of 
EUR 11.16 billion as at 30 June 2021, 76 % of the assets were encumbered and 24 % were unencumbered assets.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Bridge Loan Facility 
On 17 September 2021 the Company as borrower (“Borrower”) entered into an unsecured bridge loan credit facility with 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG as lenders 
(“Lenders”) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as agent with a total principal amount of up to EUR 1.5 billion (“ Bridge 
Facility Agreement”).  
In particular the Bridge Facility Agreement may be used to finance the payment of the purchase price and the transaction costs 
of the New Portfolio (for further details see “– Material Agreements – Acquisition agreements relating to the New Portfolio”).  
The Bridge Facility Agreement includes representations, covenants and events of default (including non -payment and 
insolvency) typical of a Bridge Facility Agreement of this nature applicable to the Borrower. The Bridge Facility Agreement 
contains usual conditions in regard with representations and comprises provisions in regard with financial covenants. The 
Borrower must ensure that, at the relevant testing date, the financial liabilities to assets ratio does not exceed 60 per cent. The 
Borrower must also ensure that, at the relevant testing date, the secured financial liabilities to assets ratio does not exceed 45 
per cent. Moreover, the Borrower must ensure that, at the relevant testing date, the total unencumbered assets to unsecured 
financial liabilities ratio does not exceed 125 per cent. Furthermore, the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated net 
finance costs shall not be less than 1.8 to 1 at the end of each measurement period.  
The Bridge Facility Agreement terminates on the date falling 364 days after the earlier of (i) the date falling six (6) months 
after the date of the Bridge Facility Agreement and (ii) the date first utilisation of funds under the Bridge Facility Agreement 
and has to be repaid by this date. The Borrower may not reborrow any part of the Bridge Facility Agreement, which is repaid.  
The Bridge Facility Agreement is unsecured.  
This Bridge Facility Agreement is governed by German law. 
Working Capital Facilities 
As at 30 June 2021, HOWOGE has secured two credit lines with two banks totaling EUR 102 million, of which only EUR 0.01 
million is currently provided for guarantees. On 26 March 2020, HOWOGE as borrower entered into a credit line agreement 
in the amount of EUR 25 million with Deutsche Kreditbank AG as lender. A further credit line was agreed with Aareal Bank 
AG as lender on 22 December 2015. With the fourth amendment to this credit line, an amount of EUR 7 7 million was agreed 
on 30 July 2020. 
The open commitments under the working capital facilities are at the free disposal for standard market conditions of the Issuer. 
The Issuer pays a usual commitment interest. The term of each line is one year. 
Issuances of Notes or other Financing Arrangements 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not issued any notes, commercial papers or derivatives. 
Loan Agreement with Shareholder 
On 24 June 2019, the Issuer as borrower and its shareholder State of Berlin as lender entered into a German law governed loan 
agreement for financing start-up costs of individual projects in the school construction segment until the utilization of long-
term project financing (“Shareholder Loan”).  
The Shareholder Loan was entered into in connection with the Berlin School Building Initiative (Schulbauoffensive des Landes 
Berlins, "BSO") and the Framework Agreement (see in detail under “– Other Material Agreements – Framework Agreement 
of HOWOGE with State of Berlin as regards the BSO”).  
The nominal amount of the shareholder loan amounts to EUR 200 million and was granted unsecured. The Issuer may draw 
the shareholder loan in tranches, each of which shall not be less than EUR 5 million, but no later than 31 December 2024.  
The funds under the shareholder loan may only be used for the financing of new construction and refurbishment of schools in 
Berlin in accordance with the provisions of the Framework Agreement.  
The loan has an initial term of ten years from disbursement of the first tranche (therefore expected to expire on 31 July 2029). 
The principal has to be repaid in one instalment at the end of the loan period (bullet loan). The Issuer may prolongate the term 
of the loan for two additional five-year periods. 
The respective amount drawn under the loan shall bear interest from the time of disbursement at a fixed nominal interest rate 
equal to the interest base applicable at the time of the disbursement plus the interest margin for the respective remaining p eriod 
of the initial term. 
The Shareholder Loan may be terminated by the State of Berlin for cause of customary reasons, such as breaches of material 
contractual obligations by the Issuer. The statutory right of termination of the borrower remains unaffected.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Other Material Agreements 
Framework Agreement of HOWOGE with State of Berlin as regards the BSO 
On 7 January 2019, the State of Berlin, the involved city districts and HOWOGE entered into a framework agreement 
(“Framework Agreement”) in connection with the investment program for the BSO.  
This Framework Agreement sets out the key points for the involvement of HOWOGE in the BSO, which are the following:  
 
The State of Berlin will grant HOWOGE hereditary building rights to state-owned land against leasehold payments 
in the amount of initially 1.5 % p.a. (increasing to 3 % p.a. after expiration of 20 years) of the land value, while the 
title to the land itself will remain with the State of Berlin. 
 
HOWOGE will construct and refurbish school buildings on its own account financed by long-term loan agreements, 
mainly from public-sector banks, on financing conditions similar to local loans. During the construction phase, the 
loans will be secured by a guarantee payable on first demand (Garantie auf erstes Anfordern) by the State of Berlin. 
The final financing is secured by forfaiting of the rent receivables, also at conditions similar to public sector finance.  
 
In particular circumstances, HOWOGE may bear the risk of cost increases during the construction phase if the cost 
increase emerged in HOWOGE’s sphere of responsibility. However, HOWOGE is liable for gross negligence only 
and given the stringent controlling by the State of Berlin, a liability of HOWOGE is rather unlikely. 
 
The conceptual design and assessment stage is financed by the above-mentioned shareholder loan. If the respective 
project is not completed the State of Berlin will reimburse HOWOGE all internal and external costs accrued (see “– 
Financing Arrangements – Loan Agreement with Shareholder”). Therefore, HOWOGE does not bear the risk of the 
refusal of a building permit. 
 
The school buildings will be leased by HOWOGE on a long-term basis (basic rental period of 25 years with 3-years 
extension option) to the city districts as competent school authorities according to commercial principles. The rent is 
calculated as a so-called cost rent (Kostenmiete) and shall cover interest payments and repayment of loans, leasehold 
payments, an asset management fee of 0.2 % of the respective investment amount and a fee of 0.4 % (or 0.8 % in 
case of school refurbishments) of the replacement value of the school building as compensation for HOWOGE 
assuming responsibility for building maintenance (baulicher Unterhalt) during the warranty period of five years. Full 
amortization is expected after 25 years of the basic rental term. The amount of the rent payments is calculated when 
handing over the school building. Therefore, increases of construction costs will be considered in calculating the cost 
rent. 
 
After completion and hand-over of the respective building project, the competent school authority (the respective 
city district) will assume operations and management of the school. 
 
Payments under the lease agreement with the respective school authority shall serve as collateral under loan 
agreements with banks. Therefore, the lease agreement may not be terminated during its basic term of 25 years. 
Furthermore, the State of Berlin waives the right to withhold lease payments in case of non-performance or defective 
performance (Verzicht auf die Einreden der Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung) in favor of the financing banks. However, 
HOWOGE remains obliged to fulfil its obligations as constructor and lessor of the respective building.  
 
In the lease agreements, HOWOGE shall assume the warranties customary for a lessor. Furthermore, HOWOGE 
assumes the statutory warranties as constructor of the respective building (werkvertragliche Gewährleistung) except 
for circumstances, for which HOWOGE was not responsible (including contaminated sites). However, HOWOGE 
shall only be liable if the claim is fully recoverable by HOWOGE from third parties, such as insurance or construction 
companies. 
 
After 37 years, the leasehold granted by the State of Berlin will expire and the title to the buildings will be transferred 
to the State of Berlin at book value.  
Cooperation Agreement of HOWOGE and other Municipal Housing Companies with the State of Berlin  
On 5 April 2017, HOWOGE entered into a cooperation agreement "Leistbare Mieten, Wohnungsneubau und soziale 
Wohnraumversorgung" with five other municipal housing companies, i.e. degewo AG, GESOBAU AG, Gewobag 
Wohnungsbau Aktiengesellschaft, STADT UND LAND Wohnbauten-Gesellschaft mbH and Wohnungsbaugesellschaft  
Berlin-Mitte mbH (WBM) (collectively, the "Municipal Housing Companies") and the State of Berlin. On 11 March 2021 
the cooperation agreement was slightly amendment by a supplemental agreement between the parties (cooperation agreement 
and together with the supplement agreement, the "Cooperation Agreement"). 
The Cooperation Agreement shall intensify the commitment of the Municipal Housing Companies focusing on two key areas:  
(i) socially oriented portfolio policy and (ii) new housing construction for broad sections of the population. Rents must be 
affordable for small and medium incomes in order to preserve Berlin's special characteristic of a socially mixed city as an 
independent value.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
In the Cooperation Agreement, the following measures were agreed:  
 
Privatization of the Municipal Housing Companies is ruled out.  
 
Increase in the public housing stock to approximately 360,000 residential units through additional purchases and new 
construction until 2021; the Municipal Housing Companies shall create at least 30,000 residential units thereof as 
new constructions together with a sufficient supply of commercial units. 
 
Vacant state-owned land shall be transferred to Municipal Housing Companies as a contribution in kind for new 
housing construction at low rents, provided that this land is suitable for housing construction and is not required for 
other public infrastructure measures. 
 
For new construction projects with start of construction from 1 July 2017, in principle at least 50 % of the residential 
units shall be offered rent- and occupancy-linked to house-holds entitled to a certificate of eligibility to public housing 
(Wohnberechtigungsschein, “WBS”). WBS is an official certificate. It gives people looking for rental units access to 
apartments that are subsidized with public funds (so called Erster Förderweg). Whether a potential tenant is entitled 
to such a social housing with favorable cold rent therefore depends, among other things, on its income. Half of these 
subsidized apartments are rented to households with incomes up to 100 % of the Federal Income Limit 
(Bundeseinkommensgrenze, “BEG”) and the other half are rented to households with incomes from 101 % to 140 % 
of the BEG. In deviation from this regulation, construction projects of 151 to 500 units may receive alternative 
funding and construction of a share of up to 10 % of the areas of the new rental units, and for construction projects 
of 500 units or more, up to 20 % of the areas. These projects are aimed at entitled persons with a certificate according 
to the guidelines of agreed funding (Bescheinigung nach den Richtlinien vereinbarter Förderung, “RlvF”) (so called 
Zweiter Förderweg) and may accordingly only be offered to households entitled to this. An RlvF is an entitlement to 
move into a rental and cooperative apartment subsidized with expenditure subsidies and/or expenditure loans. 
 
The other 50 % are freely financed new construction projects. 25 % of these freely financed constructions are rented 
to tenants with incomes in the range >140 % to 180 BEG at a maximum of EUR 9.50/sqm and the other 25 % to 
tenants with incomes in the range >180 % to 240 % BEG at a maximum of EUR 11.50/sqm. These figures may be 
increased by up to 2 % per year. 
 
In case of new acquisitions with an average rent of more than EUR 6.50 per sqm/month, at least every second new 
lease will be at a net cold rent of max. EUR 6.50 per sqm/month to WBS-eligible households. 
 
63 % of the existing residential units of the Municipal Housing Companies’ portfolio that come up for re-let each 
year shall be let to WBS eligible at a maximum of the local comparative rent.  
 
If the net cold rent of existing leases is above 30 % of the net household income, tenants may apply for a reduction 
to 30 % of the net household income.  
 
In the case of rent increases, the Municipal Housing Companies shall ensure that rents for existing leases do not rise 
by more than 2 % per year in total; rent increases are limited to a maximum of 4 % within two years. 
 
Modernization costs attributable to the tenant are limited to a maximum of 6 % of the modernization costs incurred 
and the net cold rent may not exceed the standard local comparative rent by more than 10 % after modernization has 
been completed (including the attributed modernization costs). In addition, the hardship provision with a reduction 
to 30 % of the net household income applies. 
 
The Municipal Housing Companies shall make significant contributions to climate protection, including energy 
modernization measures. Respective success will be measured based on factual energy consumption. 
 
Local stakeholders shall participate in planning processes regarding new development projects, thereby increasing 
the acceptance development projects. Furthermore, the Municial Housing Companies shall strengthen the 
participation of tenants through the establishment of tenant advisory councils. 
 
A monitoring system is to be established in close coordination with the Municipal Housing Companies to allow 
regular evaluations as regards the implementation of the measures agreed upon in the Cooperation Agreement. 
Description of the Governing Bodies of the Issuer  
The governing bodies are the management board (Geschäftsführung, “Management Board”), supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat, 
“Supervisory Board”) and general shareholders’ meeting (Gesellschafterversammlung). The powers of these entities are 
determined by the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, “HGB”), the German Limited Liability Companies Act 
(Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschränkter Haftung, “GmbHG”), the German Corporate Governance Codex 
(Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex), the articles of association (Satzung, “Articles of Association”) and the internal 
business instruction of the Management Board (Geschäftsanweisung, “Business Instruction”) and rules of procedure of the 
Supervisory Board (Geschäftsordnung, “Rules of Procedure”).

--- Page 156 ---
156 
All members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board may be reached at the Issuer's office at Stefan-Heym-
Platz 1, 10367 Berlin, Germany telephone +49 (0) 30 54 64 12 60. 
Management Board 
Under the Articles of Association, the Management Board consists of one or several managing directors ( Geschäftsführer, 
“Managing Directors”). The Supervisory Board appoints members of the Management Board for a period of not exceeding 
five years.  
The table below lists the members of the Issuer’s Management Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Name 
Position 
Managing Director 
since 
Other Memberships 
Thomas 
Felgenhauer 
Managing 
Director 
(commercial) 
September 2017 
Member of 
 
Verbandsausschuss 
of 
BBU 
Verband 
BerlinBrandenburgischer 
Wohnungsunternehmen e.V., 
Berlin; 
 
 
BBW 
Verband 
BerlinBrandenburgischer 
Wohnungswirtschaft e.V., Berlin; 
 
 
GdW Verbandsaus-schuss (substitute member), Berlin; 
 
 
GdW 
Bundesarbeitsgemeinschaft 
der 
kommunalen 
Wohnungsunternehmen, Berlin; 
 
 
Foundation board of HOWOGE Stiftung Stadtkultur, 
Berlin. 
 
 
Ulrich Schiller 
Managing 
Director 
(operational) 
April 2019 
 
Delegate of GdW Verbandausschuss, Berlin; 
 
 
Council member of SLHC Smart living & Health Centre, 
Berlin; 
 
 
Member of MHW MarzahnHellersdorfer Wirtschaftskreis 
e.V., Berlin; 
 
 
Council Member of TechemGmbH, Eschborn. 
 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the members of the Management Board vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and their private interests, membership in governing bodies of companies, or other obligations. 
The areas of responsibilities of the Managing Directors are as follow: 
 
Name 
Areas of responsibilities 
Thomas Felgenhauer (commercial) 
 
Finance and controlling 
 
 
Law and purchase 
 
 
Group accounting  
 
 
Information technology and organization 
 
 
Human Resources 
 
 
HOWOGE Servicegesellschaft mbH 
 
Ulrich Schiller (operational) 
 
Operational inventory management 
 
 
Strategical inventory management 
 
 
Technical management 
 
 
New construction 
 
 
School construction

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Company communications and marketing 
 
 
Processes and digitization  
 
 
HOWOGE Wärme GmbH 
 
 
Kramer + Kramer 
 
Supervisory Board  
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and the German Act on One-Third Employee Participation in the Supervisory Board 
(Gesetz über die Drittelbeteiligung der Arbeitnehmer im Aufsichtsrats, “DrittelbG”) the Issuer has a Supervisory Board. The 
Supervisory Board has nine (9) members. The members are elected by the shareholders' meeting, including one member elected 
in accordance with Berlin Housing Supply Act (Wohnraumversorgungsgesetz Berlin - WoVG). If the DrittelbG applies, the 
employees elect one third in accordance with the provisions of the DrittelbG and the election regulations (Wahlordnung) issued 
for this purpose. 
The table below lists the members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Name 
Occupation 
Member since 
Membership on other Governing or Controlling Bodies 
Hendrik 
Jellema 
(Chairman) 
 
September 2018 
 
Advisory council of Wohnraumversorgung Berlin (public-law 
institution – Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts); 
 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
personnel 
committee 
(Personalausschuss). 
 
Dr. Frank Nägele 
(Vice Chairman) 
State Secretary for 
Administrative and 
Infrastructure 
Modernization/ 
Growing City in the 
Berlin 
Senate 
Chancellery 
 
July 2019 
 
Member of the supervisory board of 
o 
Tempelhof Projekt GmbH, Berlin; 
o 
Tegel Projekt GmbH, Berlin; 
o 
Digitalagentur Berlin GmbH, Berlin. 
Vera Junker 
State Secretary for 
Finance 
September 2020 
 
Member 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
personnel 
committee 
(Personalausschuss); 
 
Chairman of the supervisory board of 
o 
BIM Berliner Immobilienmanagement; GmbH, Berlin; 
and 
o 
Liegenschaftsfonds Berlin Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
(Lifo), Berlin; 
 
Member of the supervisory board of 
o 
Special fund for services of general interest and non-
operating existing properties of the state of Berlin 
(Sondervermögen 
für 
Daeinsvorsorge 
und 
nicht 
betriebsnotwendige Bestandsgrundstücke des Landes 
Berlin (SODA)), Berlin; 
o 
dewego AG, Berlin; 
o 
Flughafengesellschaft BerlinBrandenburg GmbH, Berlin; 
o 
Berliner Institut für Gesundheitsforschung, Berlin; 
 
Member of administrative board of IT-Dienstleistungszentrum 
Berlin, Berlin.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Wenke Christoph 
State Secretary for 
Housing 
October 2020 
 
Chairman of the Issuer’s building committee (Bauausschuss); 
 
Member of supervisory board of  
o 
dewego AG, Berlin; 
o 
Berlinovo Immobiliengesellschaft mbH, Berlin; 
o 
Gewobag 
Wohnungsbau-Aktiengesellschaft 
Berlin, 
Berlin; 
o 
BIM Berliner Immobilien-management GmbH, Berlin; 
o 
Liegenschaftsfonds Berlin GmbH & Co. KG (Lifo) and 
special fund for services of general interest and non-
operating existing properties of the state of Berlin 
(Sondervermögen 
für 
Daeinsvorsorge 
und 
nicht 
betriebsnot-wendige Bestandsgrundstücke des Landes 
Berlin (SODA)), Berlin. 
 
Elfriede Baumann 
 
April 2019 
 
Chairman of the Issuer’s committee for economics, finance and 
investment controlling (Ausschuss für Wirtschaft, Finanzen und 
Beteiligungscontrolling); 
 
Member of supervisory board of  
o 
Wiener Stadtwerke GmbH, Vienna, Austria; 
o 
ÖBB Holding AG, Vienna, Austria; 
o 
Rail Cargo Austria AG, Vienna, Austria. 
 
Babett 
Buschmann
 
 
 
Group 
Security 
Officer at Deutsche 
Bahn AG 
April 2019 
 
Committee for economics, finance and investment controlling 
(Ausschuss 
für 
Wirtschaft, 
Finanzen 
und 
Beteiligungscontrolling). 
 
Representative of the tenant council. 
 
Jörn Lorenz 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Issuer’s works 
council 
January 2005 
 
Member of the Issuer’s 
o 
personnel committee (Personalausschuss); 
o 
Building committee (Bauausschuss); 
 
Deputy chairman of the Issuer’s work council; 
 
Administrative board of Wohnraumversorgung Berlin (public-
law institution – Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts), Berlin. 
 
Frank Sparmann 
Head of the Issuer’s 
customer center 
April 2015 
 
 
Member of the Issuer’s 
o 
committee for 
economics, finance 
and investment 
controlling (Ausschuss für Wirtschaft, Finanzen und 
Beteiligungscontrolling); 
o 
building committee (Bauausschuss). 
 
Kerstin Wittke 
Head of the Issuer’s 
payment 
transactions division 
October 2000 
 
Head of the Issuer’s payment transactions division 
 
There are no conflicts of interest between the members of the Supervisory Board vis-à-vis the Issuer and their private interests, 
membership in governing bodies of companies, political offices or parties or other obligations. However, it cannot be excluded 
that such conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest may arise in the future. A member of the Supervisory Board is

--- Page 159 ---
159 
not bound to instructions and is legally obliged to act in the best interest of the Issuer. The best interest of the Issuer may, but 
does not necessarily correspond to or include, for example, decisions made by political institutions or the sole shareholder’s 
interest (see “RISK FACTORS – RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP – Risks related to the 
Group’s Business Activities – The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the State of Berlin that may issue instructions to the 
Issuer’s management or may otherwise exercise material influence on HOWOGE thereby implementing political decisions, 
which may conflict with the interests of the Group or the Issuer’s creditors.”). Should the interest of the Issuer differ from 
decisions made by political institutions or the sole shareholder’s interest, a conflict of interest arises. In that case, the respective 
member(s) of the Supervisory Board must not prioritize such other (conflicting) interest over the best interest of the Issuer. 
Supervisory Board Committees 
According to section 6 of the rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung, “Rules of Procedure”), the Supervisory Board may form 
committees from among its members. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has formed the following committees: 
 
Committee for economics, finance and investment controlling (Ausschuss für Wirtschaft, Finanzen und 
Beteiligungscontrolling, “CEFIC”) 
 
Personnel committee (Personalausschuss) 
 
Building committee (Bauausschuss) 
The CEFIC also performs the duties of the audit committee (Prüfungsausschuss). The chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
may not be the chairperson of the CEFIC. No former member of the Management Board is a member of the Supervisory Board. 
Real estate valuation issues were predominantly discussed in the meetings of the construction committee. 
According to the Rules of Procedure, the CEFIC has been delegated decision-making authority, for matters such as (i) 
contributions, donations, sponsoring, and other contributions outside of the business plan resolved by the Supervisory Board,  
provided that the exceedance does not exceed EUR 20,000.00 per year in total, (ii) active legal disputes if the subject-matter 
in dispute reaches an amount of EUR 1 million and does not exceed EUR 2 million, except for legal disputes of particular 
importance for the Issuer.  
The construction committee has been delegated decision-making authority pertaining to investment decisions up to a value 
threshold from EUR 3 million up to EUR 5 million maximum in the individual case.  
According to the Rules of Procedure, the personnel committee has been delegated decision-making authority, such as (i) other 
legal acts vis-à-vis active and former members of the Management Board pursuant to Sec. 112 of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz), applied analogously, (ii) giving consent pursuant to Sec. 88 para. 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz), applied analogously, and (iii) other personnel matters, in which the Managing Directors require the approval of 
the Supervisory Board by law or under the applicable version of the Articles of Association or the Rules of Procedure, such as 
granting power of representation.  
The chairmen of the committees will inform the Supervisory Board of the content and outcome of the committee discussions.  
In 2020, the CEFIC and the personnel committee each met twice and the construction committee met three times. 
Authorized Representatives  
In addition to the Managing Directors, the Issuer currently has five authorized representatives (Prokuristen). Authorized 
representatives may represent the Issuer jointly with a Managing Director in matters of the ordinary course of business. Most 
of the Managing Directors and the authorized representatives have more than 20 years of relevant industry expertise.  
Corporate Governance  
Corporate Governance is understood as the legal and factual regulatory framework for the management and supervision of an 
enterprise. The German Corporate Governance Code (“ GCGC”), in its current version, effective 20 March 2020, contains 
principles, recommendations and suggestions for the management board and the supervisory board that are intended to ensure 
that the companies are managed in their best interests. The GCGC highlights the obligation of management boards and 
supervisory boards – in line with the principles of the social market economy – to take into account the interests of the 
shareholders, the enterprise’s workforce and the other groups related to the enterprise (shareholders) to ensure the continued 
existence of the enterprise and its sustainable value creation (the enterprise’s best interests). These principles not only require 
compliance with the law, but also ethically sound and responsible behavior (“reputable business-person concept”, Leitbild des 
Ehrbaren Kaufmanns). 
According to section 7 paragraph 2 of the Articles of Associations the Issuer shall comply with the GCGC in the respective 
version issued by the government participation control tasks (Beteiligungsführung) in the State of Berlin. In the year 2020, the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board complied with the recommendations of the Commission (Regierungskomission 
Deutscher Corporate Governance Code) on the GCGC taking into account the Berlin Investment Guidance (Berliner

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Beteiligungshinweise) issued by the Senate Department for Finance (Senatsverwaltung für Finanzen) in the version dated 15 
December 2015. 
Recent Developments  
HOWOGE’s portfolio changed in 2020 as a result of additions arising from smaller acquisitions (none of which being material 
for HOWOGE), the construction of new apartments and attic extensions. Additionally, the Issuer entered into the agreement to 
the New Portfolio (see “– Material Agreemets – Acquisition agreements relating to the New Portfolio”). 
There were no recent events particular to the Issuer, which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s 
solvency. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 30 June 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 30 June 2021. 
Selected Financial Information for the Issuer  
The following selected financial information are taken from the following financial statements: 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 (“Audited IFRS 
Financial Statements 2020”) 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 (“Audited IFRS 
Financial Statements 2019” and together with the Audited IFRS Financial Statements 2020 the "Audited IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements"),  
 
Unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30  June 
2021(“Unaudited IFRS Interim Financial Statements 2021” and together with the Audited IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements the “HOWOGE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements”). 
The HOWOGE Audited IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (”IFRS”) and the interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRS IC”) as 
applicable in the European Union (“EU”). The Unaudited IFRS Interim Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS applicable to interim financial reporting (IAS 34). 
The Group comprises the consolidated subsidiaries WBL, HOWOGE Service, HOWOGE Wärme GmbH and Kramer + 
Kramer. 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in the Base Prospectus are subject to rounding adjustments that 
were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a result, the aggregate amounts herein may not correspond 
in all cases to the data contained in the underlying sources. A dash ("-") indicates that no data was reported for a specific line 
item in the relevant financial year or period, while a zero ("0") is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding, amounts to 
nil. 
Where financial information in the following tables is presented as "audited", it indicates that the financial information has 
been taken from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements. The label "unaudited" is used in the following tables to 
indicate financial information that (i) has not been taken, but derived, from the Audited IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements, (ii) has been taken or derived from the Unaudited IFRS Interim Financial Statements 2021, (iii) has been taken or 
derived from the Issuer's accounting records or (iv) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's internal management reporting 
systems.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
1 January – 30 June 
(unaudited) 
1 January – 31 December  
(audited) 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
(amounts in EUR thousand) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues from property management 
163,170 
162,291 
325,482 
312,545 
Other revenues from property management 
31,074 
33,895 
60,733 
53,952 
Total revenues 
194,244 
196,186 
386,215 
366,498 
Earnings before taxes (EBT) 
519,606 
426,380 
490,541 
973,537 
Profit for the period 
396,457 
307,171 
368,295 
758,993 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
(amounts in EUR thousand) 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
Investment properties 
 
11,127,689 
10,543,853 
9,898,134 
Total non-current assets 
 
11,368,243 
10,750,163 
10,071,685 
Total current assets 
 
97,252 
175,995 
163,258 
Total Assets 
 
11,465,496 
10,926,159 
10,234,944 
Total Equity 
 
7,750,476 
7,353,848 
6,983,380 
Total non-current liabilities 
 
3,494,726 
3,351,163 
3,032,840 
Total current liabilities 
 
220,294 
221,148 
218,723 
Total liabilities 
 
3,715,020 
3,572,311 
3,251,563 
Total equity and liabilities 
 
11,465,496 
10,926,159 
10,234,944 
 
Selected Consolidated Cash Flows 
(in EUR thousand) 
 
1 January – 30 June 
1 January – 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
 
 
 
Net cash from/ used in operating activities 
109,987 
94,331 
169,546 
175,822 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(206,158) 
(248,777) 
(337,116) 
(354,312) 
Net cash from/ used in financing activities 
76,289 
142,737 
153,543 
151,975 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December  
23,602 
45,189 
42,872 
56,899

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Selected Financial Information by Business Areas 
The following tables set out the selected financial information of HOWOGE by reportable business areas from the Audited 
IFRS Financial Statements 2020 and the Unaudited IFRS Interim Financial Statements 2021 that has been taken or derived 
from the Issuer's accounting records or from the Issuer's internal management reporting systems and are unaudited (unless 
indicated otherwise). HOWOGE did not prepare business area reporting for previous reporting periods: 
 
Selected Consolidated Information of Comprehensive Income by Business Areas 
 
School Construction  
Residential  
 
1 January –  
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
1 January –  
30 June 2020 
(unaudited) 
1 January –  
31 December 2020 
(unaudited) 
1 January –  
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
1 January –  
30 June 2020 
(unaudited) 
1 January – 
31 December 
2020 
(unaudited) 
(amounts 
in 
EUR 
thousand) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
from 
property management 
- 
- 
- 
163,170 
162,291 
325.482 
Other revenues from 
property management 
- 
- 
- 
31,074 
33,895 
60.733 
Total revenues 
- 
- 
- 
194,244 
196,186 
386.215 
Earnings before taxes 
(EBT) 
(337) 
18 
704 
519,943 
426,363 
491.245 
Profit for the period 
18 
18 
492 
396,439 
307,154 
368.787 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Selected Consolidated Information of Financial Position by Business Areas 
(amounts in EUR thousand) 
School Construction  
As of 
Residential  
As of  
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
Investment properties 
- 
- 
11,127,689 
10,543,853 
Total non-current assets 
- 
- 
11,368,243 
10,750,163 
Total current assets 
34,457 
23,820 
62,795 
152,175 
Total Assets 
34,457 
23,820 
11,431,039 
10,902,339 
Total Equity 
(1,010) 
(2,314) 
7,751,486 
7,356,162 
Total non-current liabilities 
35,067 
25,495 
3,459,659 
3,325,668 
Total current liabilities 
400 
639 
219,894 
221 
Total liabilities 
35,467 
26,134 
3,679,553 
3,546,177 
Total equity and liabilities 
34,457 
23,820 
11,431,039 
10,902,339 
 
Additional Non-IFRS Performance Measures 
The Issuer believes that key performance indicators described in this section constitute the most important indicators for 
measuring the operating and financial performance of HOWOGE’s business. However, the performance measures are not

--- Page 163 ---
163 
recognized as line items under IFRS or any other GAAP and should not be considered as substitute for figures on net assets, 
result before taxes, net earnings, cash flow from operating activities or other income statement, cash flow or balance sheet data, 
as determined in accordance with IFRS or any other GAAP, or as indicators of profitability or liquidity. Because not all 
companies calculate these performance measures in the same way, the presentation of the performance measures is not 
necessarily comparable with measures used by other companies even if they are labelled similarly. 
The Issuer expects the performance measures Adjusted EBITDA, FFO, Interest Coverage Ratio, NAV and Net LTV-Ratio to 
be of use for potential investors. The Issuer believes that the performance measures are useful in evaluating HOWOGE’s 
operating performance, the net value of HOWOGE’s property portfolio, the level of HOWOGE’s indebtedness and of cash 
flow generated by HOWOGE’s business, since a number of companies active in the real estate sector also publish these figures 
as key performance indicators. 
The figures in the following section are derived from the HOWOGE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements or calculated on 
that basis and are unaudited (unless indicated otherwise). 
The following table presents a summary of certain performance indicators for the periods presented:  
 
 
As of and for the six months  
As of and for the fiscal year  
(amounts in EUR million) 
ended 30 June 
ended 31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Key performance measures 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA(1) 
106.4 
113.9 
213.5 
195.7 
FFO(2) 
89.7 
97.0 
176.3 
159.4 
Interest Coverage Ratio(3) 
7.3x 
8.2x 
7.4x 
6.5x 
 
 
As of and for the six months  
As of and for the fiscal year  
(amounts in EUR million) 
ended 30 June 
ended 31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Key performance measures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NAV(4) 
9,379.9 
8,891.9 
8,435.7 
Net LTV-Ratio(5) 
17.3 % 
17.2 % 
16.1 % 
 
 
(1) 
“Adjusted EBITDA” is defined as total revenues plus (i) change in inventories for real estate and other inventories, 
plus (ii) Own work capitalized, minus (iii) Cost of materials, minus (iv) Personnel expenses, plus (v) Other operating 
income, plus (vi) Impairments of financial assets, minus (vii) Other operating expenses, minus (viii) Other taxes, 
plus (ix) one-off expenses and minus (x) one-off income. The following table shows the calculation of Adjusted 
EBITDA for the periods presented:

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(amounts in EUR million) 
1 January – 30 June 
1 January – 31 December 
(audited, unless indicated otherwise) 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
Total revenues1 
194.4  
196.2  
386.2 
366.5 
Change in inventories for real estate 
and other inventories1 
 7.9  
10.9  
17.8 
- 
Own work capitalized1 
1.4  
0.5  
2.2 
2.4 
Cost of materials1 
(53.1) 
(52.5) 
(118.3) 
(99.8) 
Personnel expenses1 
(23.3) 
(21.1) 
(48.6) 
(41.8) 
Other operating income1 
4.1  
6.7  
10.8 
7.3 
Impairments of financial assets1 
1.0  
0.3  
1.2 
(4.4) 
Other operating expenses1 
(16.0) 
(14.1) 
(24.9) 
(20.2) 
Other taxes1 
(13.4) 
(13.0) 
(13.1) 
(12.6) 
One-off income (-) / expenses (+)2 3 
3.4 
-  
 0.1 
(1.7) 
Adjusted EBITDA1 
106.4 
113.9  
213.5 
195.7 
1  
H1 2021 unaudited, 2020 and 2019 audited. 
2  
Unaudited. One-off income / expenses predominantly contain expenses related to the Apollo transaction the acquisition of ~8,300 residential          
units from Dt. Wohnen and Vonovia in H1 2021. 
 
3  
For 2019, the largest fraction of one-off income is made up by income from write-ups. 
 
(2) 
Funds from operations (“FFO”) is defined as Adjusted EBITDA less (i) cash income tax expenses, less (ii) cash 
interest expenses, plus (iii) expenses insurance policies, less (iv) sale of asset gains and plus (v) sales of asset losses. 
The following table shows the calculation of FFO for the periods presented: 
 
 
 
(amounts in EUR million) 
1 January – 30 June 
1 January – 31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA 
106.4 
113.9  
213.5 
195.7 
Cash income tax expenses1 
(3.9) 
(5.0) 
(11.2) 
(9.9) 
Cash interest expenses 
(14.6) 
(13.9) 
(28.8) 
(29.8) 
Expenses insurance policies 
1.9  
1.9 
2.4 
2.4 
Sale of assets (- gain / + loss) 
(0.1) 
0.1  
0.5  
1.0  
FFO  
89.7 
97.0  
176.3  
159.4 
 
1 
Cash income tax expenses corresponds to the sum of current income taxes and out-of-period current income taxes less EUR 15.5 million tax 
back-payments in the first six months 2021. 
 
(3) 
“Interest Coverage Ratio” is defined Adjusted EBITDA divided by interest paid. The following table shows the 
calculation of Interest Coverage Ratio as of the dates shown:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(amounts in EUR million) 
1 January – 30 June 
1 January – 31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA 
106.4 
113.9  
213.5 
195.7 
Interest paid 
(14.6) 
(13.9) 
(28.8) 
(29.9) 
Interest Coverage Ratio  
7.3x 
8.2x  
7.4x  
6.5x 
 
 
(4) 
“NAV” is defined as total equity plus deferred tax liability on investment properties. The following table shows the 
calculation of NAV as of the dates shown: 
 
 
 
(amounts in EUR million)   
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Equity1 
7,750.5 
7,353.8 
6,983.4 
Deferred tax liability on investment 
properties1 
1,629.4 
1,538.1  
1,452.3  
NAV 
9,379.9 
8,891.9 
8,435.7 
1  
H1 2021 unaudited, 2020 and 2019 audited. 
 
(5) 
“Net LTV-Ratio” is defined as the ratio of financial liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, to the sum of the fair 
value of properties and prepayments on investment property. The following tables show the calculation of the Net-
LTV-Ratio as of the dates shown: 
 
 
(amounts in EUR million) 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities1,2 
1,964.3  
1,874.3  
1,658.6  
Cash and cash equivalents2 
(23.6) 
(43.5)  
(56.9)  
Net financial liabilities 
1,940.7  
1,830.7  
1,601.7  
Fair value of properties2 
11,127.7  
10,543.9 
9,898.1 
Prepayments on investment property2 
101.9  
79.3 
46.3 
Net LTV-Ratio (in %) 
17.3 % 
17.2 % 
16.1 % 
___________________________________ 
1 
Financial liabilities corresponds to the sum of current and non-current financial liabilities as reported in the balance sheet. 
 
2 
H1 2021 unaudited 2020 and 2019 audited.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of the Notes by the Issuer will generally be used for general corporate and financing purposes 
of the Group. These general corporate and financial purposes may include, among other things, the refinancing of existing 
indebtedness, acquisitions and general working capital requirements. 
If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
HOWOGE’s real estate portfolio is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in Germany. If HOWOGE fails to comply with 
these laws and regulations, it may be subject to civil liability, administrative orders, fines or even criminal sanctions. This 
section summarizes certain aspects of German real estate law and practices in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis and, in particular, it does not take into account contractual requirements and 
restrictions in connection with its acquisition of certain real estate portfolios. It can, therefore, not be treated as a substitute for 
comprehensive professional, legal and tax advice. 
Restrictions due to German Tenancy Law 
German tenancy law distinguishes between residential and commercial space. The majority of the Group’s property portfolio 
is governed by residential tenancy law, which in large part favors tenants through extensive social safeguards. In particular , it 
imposes restrictions on the HOWOGE with regard to the increase of rent, allocation of ancillary costs including cost s for repair 
and maintenance, the termination of letting contracts and the eviction of tenants which are in breach of contract. Furthermore, 
the sale of residential space might be restricted. 
Written Form Requirements 
German tenancy law is incorporated into the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, “BGB”) and generally requires 
that rental agreements that provide for a term of more than one year must be concluded in written form. The requirements to 
comply with written form were specified by comprehensive case law. However, a rental agreement is not invalid in the event 
of an infringement of the requirement for the written form, but rather it is deemed to have been concluded for an indefinite 
period. Therefore, it can be terminated at the earliest at the end of one year after handover of the leased property to the tenant 
in accordance with the statutory notice period (i.e., notice of termination is admissible at the latest on the third working day of 
a calendar quarter towards the end of the next calendar quarter). The residential rental agreements of HOWOGE are generally 
concluded for an indefinite period of time. Therefore, this form requirement is of minor relevance for its business. 
Statutory Limits on Rent Increases 
As set out in more detail below, the landlord is substantially restricted in terminating residential leases and thus may be bound 
by the leases for a long period of time. Against this background, German law allows the landlord to increase the rent of existing 
lease agreements under certain circumstances and to a legally defined extent. These are set out in this section, whereas recent 
statutory regulations to limit the landlord's right to freely determine the rent for new leases (“Mietpreisbremse") are set out 
below under “— Current Developments in German Tenancy Law". 
Generally, landlords and existing or new tenants can freely enter into bilateral agreements to establish and increase the amo unt 
of rent payable. The underlying freedom to contract in accordance with the wishes of the parties is only limited as follows: 
Section 5 of the German Economic Offenses Act (Wirtschaftsstrafgesetz) prohibits the willful or reckless letting of space for 
dwellings at rents or with ancillary costs that are unconscionably high. Such is the case if the rent  or ancillary costs substantially 
exceed the comparative rent levels (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete) within the past six years due to an abuse of the limited 
availability of comparable space (generally, a rent exceeding the comparative rent level by 20  % is deemed to infringe this 
provision). Thus far, tenants have found it difficult to defend themselves against such exorbitant rents, as they have to provide 
two pieces of evidence: Firstly, they must demonstrate that they have fruitlessly attempted to obtain a less expensive apartment. 
Secondly, the tenant must show that the landlord has taken advantage of this predicament. In the prior legislative period, a draft 
bill was introduced into the German parliament that rents exceeding 20 % of the prevailing comparative rent level in a 
municipality or a district of a municipality shall constitute an administrative offense (Ordnungswidrigkeit) without it being 
required that unreasonably high rent is “due to an abuse of the limited availability of comparable room’'. The draft bill period 
has elapsed. The Federal Council (Bundesrat) presented a new draft bill including the before-mentioned changes on 29 
November 2019, which is still before the German Parliament (Bundestag) for discussion (BT-Drucksache 19/16397). In 
addition to the previous draft, according to the new draft bill, it is intended to increase the fine (Bußgeld) for violations of the 
regulations from EUR 50,000 to EUR 100,000. 
Furthermore, the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) has held that rents exceeding the comparative rent levels 
(ortsüibliche Vergleichsmiete) by about 50 % for residential rental agreements, and 100 % for commercial rental agreements 
may constitute usury (Wucher) under Section 291 German Criminal Code (Strafgesetzbuch).

--- Page 168 ---
168 
With lease agreements that are not regulated by fixed rent provisions (Mietpreisbindung) and for which restrictions on rent 
increases have not been contractually agreed the landlord may assert a right of contractual increase of the rent, subject to 
statutory and contractual requirements, up to locally prevailing comparative rent levels (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete) if the rent 
has remained unchanged for the 15 months preceding the intended increase. As a rule, however, the rent cannot increase by 
more than 20 % in three years (capping limit) according to the current legal framework. However, the governments of the 
German Federal States are empowered to adopt regulations to lower the capping limit to 15 %, which has occurred in the 
federal state of Berlin due to which the capping limit has been lowered to 15 % for all of Berlin with effect until 10 May 2023 
pursuant to the Berlin regulation on cap limits (Kappungsgrenzen-Verordnung). Such provisions for capping limits have also 
been introduced in 12 other federal states. The determination of the comparative rent levels (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete) is to 
some extent linked to respective local rent indexes (Mietspiegel). 
In connection with freely financed residential units and lease agreements that are not subject to contractual rent restrictions, 
the landlord may also increase the annual rent by not more than 8 % of the costs incurred in modernizing of the respective 
rental space, subject to statutory and contractual requirements, in the event of modernization work that, for example, sustainably 
(i) saves on energy or (ii) reduces water consumption or (iii) in-creases the value in use of the rented premises. However, 
HOWOGE’s ability to increase rents following a modernization may also be restricted in cases the works carried out would be 
considered maintenance in line with the standards established for government subsidized apartment buildings (geförderte 
Wohnungsbaumaßnahmen), or in case of luxury refurbishments, i.e. modernizations that exceed a level an average owner 
would undertake as an investment in his property. If the relevant apartment is subsidized, any modernization shall be in line 
with the standards of government subsidized apartment buildings (geförderte Wohnungsbaumaßnahmen), meaning the Group 
may not undertake luxury modernizations to increase the rent, otherwise the public loans or grants received in connection with 
subsidized housing might have to be paid back and fines up to EUR 5.00 per month and sqm of the residential unit to which 
the violation relates might be charged for the duration of the violation. Regarding current developments in this regard, please 
refer to the section “—Current Developments in German Tenancy Law" below. 
Following the rent increases, tenants may have an extraordinary termination right. 
Owner's Repair and Maintenance Obligations and Modernizations Measures 
Under German law, the landlord must, unless the parties agree otherwise, maintain and repair the property (this obligation 
extends to the structure, the facade, the roof of the building, but also the interior of the residential units). In general, the landlord 
is restricted in transferring this maintenance and repair obligation to the tenant in the standard lease agreements used. 
Subject to compliance with statutory limitations, the landlord may transfer the obligations to carry out decorative repairs 
(Schönheitsreparaturen) and the costs of minor repairs (Kleinreparaturen) for a residential unit’s interior to the tenant, 
however, the latter of which only under the condition that the costs are limited for each single case as well as with regard to 
the total sum of the minor repairs per year. If the landlord assigns such obligations within standardized contracts, the terms 
must comply with the strict requirements for general terms and conditions. For example, the German Federal Court of Justice 
(Bundesgerichtshof, “BGH”) has ruled that standard clauses in letting contracts are invalid if they obligate the tenant to carry 
out decorative repairs (Schönheitsreparaturen) within a fixed schedule or to fully renovate the apartment at the end of the 
letting term regardless of the premises’ condition (Endrenovierung). In addition, under standard clauses, the obligation to carry 
out decorative repairs may only be validly transferred to the tenant if the apartment was handed-over in a renovated condition 
or, when the apartment was handed-over in an unrenovated condition if an adequate compensation is offered to the tenant in 
exchange. The German Supreme Court also ruled that a tenant who is not contractually obliged to carry out decorative repairs 
(Schönheitsreparaturen) can demand that the landlord to carry out such decorative repairs (Schönheitsreparaturen) as soon as 
a significant deterioration from the decorative condition at the beginning of the lease occurs. However, the German Supreme 
Court ruled out that the tenant must contribute to the costs incurred because the cosmetic repairs lead to an improvement in the 
decorative condition compared to the condition at the beginning of the lease. If the tenant carries out such repair and 
maintenance work without actually being obliged to do so, the landlord might have to compensate the corresponding costs. 
This may increase the landlord’s maintenance costs for such properties. 
In general, tenants have to tolerate maintenance measures (Erhaltungsmaßnahmen) and modernization measures 
(Modernisierungsmaßnahmen), in particular energetic modernization measures that were announced by the landlord in writing 
three months prior to the beginning of the planned measures, unless such measures would constitute an unreasonable hardship 
for the tenant, family members or members of the household of the tenant. Following the announcement of modernization 
measures, tenants are entitled to a special termination right (Sonderkündigungsrecht). Regarding the possibility to allocate parts 
of the costs incurred to the tenant by way of a rent increase, see “ —Statutory Limits on Rent Increases".

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Statutory Protection of the Tenant Against Termination and Eviction 
Generally, unless there is good cause (wichtiger Grund) justifying an extraordinary termination, the landlord may only 
terminate a letting contract for residential space with notice (ordentlich) and only if the landlord has a legitimate interest 
(berechtigtes Interesse) in ending the tenancy. By law, a legitimate interest in ending the tenancy may only arise if (i) the tenant 
commits a culpable and substantial contractual breach; (ii) the owner has a claim of personal use in the property (Eigenbedarf) 
for himself, his family members, or members of his household; or (iii) the owner would otherwise be prevented from reasonable 
economic utilization and would therefore suffer considerable detriment. 
“Reasonable economic utilization” as grounds for termination is intended to ensure the free economic disposability of property. 
Such grounds exist if the owner were to suffer considerable detriment from continuing the tenancy (for example, receiving a 
significantly lower purchase price; expenses significantly exceed income). However, the possibility of either realizing a higher 
rent by offering the residential space to another tenant or a landlord's intention of selling the residential space in connection 
with the conversion of housing into individually owned residential units, for example, would not qualify. 
In fact, in case of conversion to condominiums, the BGB prohibits personal use and reasonable economic utilization as grounds 
for termination by the purchaser for three years after transfer of title if the residential space was already rented to a tenant 
before the conversion to individual ownership. In regions where housing supplies are deemed to be insufficient, the 
governments of the German Federal States may extend this period against t ermination to up to ten years by statutory order. 
Such statutory order has been passed for the Federal State of Berlin (Land Berlin), in effect from October 2013 until 
30 September 2023. Also, other federal states (North-Rhine Westphalia, Hesse, Hamburg, Bavaria, Baden-Wurttemberg, 
Lower Saxony) have made use of this option. 
A residential tenant may object to a termination by the landlord (not in case of a termination for good cause) and demand 
continuation of the lease, if the termination would mean a hardship to the tenant, his family members or members of his 
household that is not justifiable even considering the landlord's legitimate interest (Sozialklausel). Pursuant to case law, such 
objection may be justified, for example, in case the tenant is old, pregnant, has a serious illness, or, where there is no comparable 
accommodation available. 
Even if the landlord successfully terminates the letting contract on the basis of a legitimate interest, the tenant is protected 
under German tenancy law against immediate eviction. In consequence, a court may allow for an appropriate deadline (with a 
maximum delay of one year) for the tenant to vacate the apartment after the effective termination of the letting contract by the 
landlord. However, as alternative to the classic eviction procedure, the “Berliner Räumung", offering the landlord the cost-
effective opportunity to limit the eviction procedure to the procurement of possession, was implemented with the Tenancy Law 
Amendment Act (Mietrechtsänderungsgesetz). Furthermore, eviction procedures shall no longer be tediously delayed because 
of a right of possession of a third person that is not covered by the executory title (Vollstreckungstitel). A further title against 
such third person is now obtainable by way of an injunction (einstweiliger Rechtsschutz). 
On 25 March 2020, the German parliament passed a law to mitigate the impact of the Corona virus pandemic in civil and 
insolvency laws as well as in criminal law proceedings (Gesetz zur Abmilderung der Folgen der COVID-19-Pandemie im Zivil-
, Insolvenz- und Strafverfahrensrecht) (the “COVID-Act”). Pursuant to the COVID-Act, landlords may not terminate 
residential and commercial lease agreements if the tenant failed to pay rent during the period of 1 April 2020 through 3 0 June 
2020, provided that such non-payment was caused by impacts related to the Corona virus. Therefore, the tenant must 
demonstrate that non-payment was caused by impacts related to the Corona virus to avoid termination. Payments that became 
due during the period of 1 April 2020 through 30 June 2020, but that were not settled, will have to ultimately be settled by 
30 June 2022. The German federal government (Bundesregierung) was authorized to extend the relevant period by decree until 
30 September 2020. No use was made of this authorisation, so these temporary provisions expired on 30 June 2020. However, 
the German Parliament (Bundestag) has enacted legislative amendments (Art. 240 Sec. 7 EGBGB) with effect from 
31 December 2020 for commercial leases affected by official COVID-19 pandemic measures (e.g. closures), according to 
which it is legally presumed that such official restrictions are a circumstance within the meaning of Section 313 of the German 
Civil Code (BGB) that can lead to an adjustment of the lease or even the cancellation of the lease agreement due to a disturbance 
of the basis of the contract (Störung der Geschäftsgrundlage). Such adjustments may also occur with retrospective effect. 
However, a tenant must still prove that the parties would not have concluded the contract or would have concluded it with 
different content if they had foreseen this change (the hypothetical element) and that one party cannot reasonably be expected 
to adhere to the unchanged contract, taking into account all circumstances of the individual case, in particular the contractual 
or statutory distribution of risk (the normative element). The legal presumption that such official restrictions are a circumstance 
within the meaning of Section 313 BGB is in principle disproved regarding lease agreements concluded during the COVID-19 
pandemic. Therefore, this provision does not apply to leases entered into after the beginning of the pandemic. According to the 
rationale (Gesetzesbegründung), the intended aim of the new regulation is to strengthen the negotiating position of commercial

--- Page 170 ---
170 
tenants. Another change in the law provides that court proceedings related to COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions or 
closures of leased premises are to be given priority before other proceedings. 
Statutory Restrictions on the Sale of Residential Space 
If rented residential space that has been converted into condominiums, or is intended for such conversion, is to be sold to t hird 
parties (i.e. not to family members or members of the household of the landlord), the BGB provides for a statutory pre-emption 
right (Vorkaufsrecht) in favor of the tenant, i.e. the tenant has the right to purchase the space on the same terms as the buyer. 
However, no pre-emption rights exist if the unit was already individually owned at the beginning of the term of the letting 
contract. 
Statutory Restrictions on the Change of Use of Residential Properties 
Certain federal states of Germany (including, inter alia, Bavaria, Baden-Wurttemberg, Berlin, Hamburg, Lower Saxony and 
North-Rhine-Westphalia) passed laws with regard to the restriction on usage of residential properties. These laws differ with 
regard to the specific regulations but, inter alia, prohibit (or allow municipalities to prohibit) the vacancy of residential space 
for a certain period of months (which varies from state to state) or the federal states restrict repeated renting as a vacation home 
(Zweckentfremdungsverbot). On 4 March 2014, the Berlin government passed a regulation (Zweckentfremdungsverbot-
Verordnung) which entered into force on 1 May 2014 and applies to the whole city of Berlin. Pursuant to the regulation, any 
change of use of a residential property requires prior approval of the competent district authority (Bezirksamt). This applies in 
particular to the use of residential properties as holiday flats or for commercial or professional purposes, a vacancy of residential 
properties for more than three months, constructional changes, which impede the use as residential properties and the 
elimination of residential properties. The authorities will only grant approval if the public interest in the permanent provision 
of residential property does not prevail or an adequate substitute of residential property is available. Since Berlin has been 
declared as an area with a tight housing market, it is expected that such approval will only be granted by way of an exception. 
Statutory Restrictions on the Conversion of Buildings into Condominiums 
On 3 March 2015, the Berlin government passed a regulation (Umwandlungsverordnung) according to which a conversion of 
a building into condominiums is prohibited in milieu protection areas (Milieuschutzgebiete) of the city unless the relevant 
district has granted permission by means of an exception to this regulation. T his regulation was set to expire on 13 March 2020 
but was renewed for five years on 4 February 2020. The owner of a rented apartment requires an exception permission by the 
relevant district to convert the apartment into a condominium. Such exception permission may be granted, for example, in case 
that the apartment shall be sold to the current tenant. Although this does not affect the sale of an entire property, the regulation 
may hinder the conversion and sale of single apartments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, more than 60 areas of Berlin 
are defined as milieu protection areas (Milieuschutzgebiete). The Berlin government may, on an ongoing basis, decide to extend 
milieu protection (Milieuschutz). Similar regulations were issued by major cities in the federal states of Baden-Wurttemberg, 
Bavaria and Hesse as well as by the federal state of Hamburg. 
The German Federal Government intends to restrict the conversion of buildings into condominiums in areas with a tight housing 
market. On 23 June 2021, the Building Land Mobilization Act (Baulandmobilisierungsgesetz) entered into force according to 
which a permission from the relevant local authorities will be required for the conversion of a building into condominiums in  
areas with a tight housing market. The individual federal state governments have the authority to designate areas requiring such 
permission for a conversion. The federal state of Berlin already passed a respective regulation applying to the whole city of  
Berlin that entered into force on 6 August 2021. The federal state of Hamburg already announced to pass a respective regulation 
in the near future. The regulations apply until the end of 2025.  
Requirement for Energy Certificates and Energy Conservation Measures 
Starting 1 January 2009 for sales or new letting of units, potential buyers and tenants are entitled to an energy certificate that 
discloses the property’s energy efficiency. In general, the seller is legally required to provide the energy certificate to t he buyer 
prior to the conclusion of the contract. In undertaking modernisation measures, additions or extensions, an energy certificate 
must be prepared if an engineering assessment of the entire building’s energy consumption is performed in the course of the 
modernisation. The energy certificate is generally valid for ten years. For buildings completed no later than 1965, the owner 
must already have had an energy certificate available starting 1 July 2008. The Energy Savings Ordinance 
(Energieeinsparverordnung) of 24 July 2007, as amended on 29 April 2009, also required structural alterations for energy 
conservation. Failure to comply with these rules can be penalized as an administrative offense. A further amendment of the 
European Energy Savings Ordinance took effect as of 1 May 2014. The further amendment required additional structural 
alterations for energy conservation, which had to be implemented by 2015 regarding heating facilities at least 30 years old and 
by 1 January 2016 regarding buildings. Furthermore, if a seller or landlord advertises the property via commercial media, the

--- Page 171 ---
171 
energy performance indicator of the respective property’s existing energy certificate must be stated in the advertisement. 
On 1 November 2020, the German Building Energy Act (Gebäudeenergiegesetz, “GEG”) came into force and replaced the 
Energy Savings Regulation (Energieeinsparverordnung), the German Energy Act (Energiegesetz) and the German Renewable 
Energy Heat Act (Erneuerbare-Energien-Wärmegesetz). The GEG created a uniform, harmonized set of rules for the energy 
performance of new and existing buildings as well as for the use of renewable energies for the heating and cooling system of 
buildings. Its overall purpose is to reduce the energy consumption (Verbrauch) of buildings. New buildings must be constructed 
as low-energy buildings in compliance with specific energy efficiency requirements. Existing buildings (Bestandsgebäude) are 
also subject to energy efficiency requirements in the event of certain substantial renovations and subject to exchange and 
retrofitting requirements. For example, the GEG stipulates that gas and oil-heating boilers built-in or installed in 1991 or later 
may operate for no longer than 30 years. Heating boilers built -in or installed before 1 January 1991 may no longer be operated 
subject to certain exceptions. The GEG provides that the German Federal Government (Bundesregierung) may subsidize the 
use of renewable energy for heating and cooling and the use of especially energy efficient new buildings and the improvement 
of the energy efficiency of existing buildings. As of 2021, European Union law requires that all newly built private buildings 
must be built satisfying certain low-energy building standards. 
In order to fulfil the national 2030 climate targets, the federal government announced on 20 September 2019 to introduce 
emission certificates to the building sector as of 2021. The Federal Government’s climate package has been passed by the 
German Federal Parliament (Bundestag) on 19 December 2019. From 1 January 2021, the new CO2 (carbon dioxide) price also 
applies to buildings and makes heating with oil and gas more expensive. The certificates will not be sold to the property owners 
but to the oil and gas companies; the prices for emission certificates will start at EUR 25 per ton of carbon dioxide. This 
increases the price of a liter of heating oil by approximately 7 cents and a kilowatt hour of natural gas by 0.5 cents and will 
gradually increase over the next few years. So far, the costs incurred are passed on to the end consumers/tenants. There is an 
ongoing discussion in the German government about whether the additional costs should ultimately be borne by tenants or 
landlords. The outcome is unclear. The additional financial impact that will result from mandatory emission certificates trading 
cannot be estimated.  
Requirement for electro mobility infrastructure 
On 11 February 2021, the German Federal Parliament (Bundestag) passed the German Building Electromobility Infrastructure 
Act (Gebäude-Elektromobilitätsinfrastuktur-Gesetz, “GEIG”) to implement the EU Building Directive 2018/844 into national 
law, which aims to expand the charging infrastructure for electro mobility in residential and non-residential buildings with a 
large amount of parking spaces. According to the GEIG, new residential buildings or existing residential buildings that undergo 
a significant renovation (i.e., a renovation that affects over 25 % of the surface of the building shell) and that have more than 
ten parking spaces, must ensure that such parking spaces are equipped with electric charging capabilities. In new non-residential 
buildings or existing non-residential buildings that undergo significant renovation with more than ten parking spaces, at the 
minimum 20 % of all parking spaces must be equipped with electric charging cable infrastructure and at least one charging 
must be equipped. As from 1 January 2025, every non-residential building with more than twenty parking spaces must also be 
equipped with at least one loading point. By way of exception, the GEIG is not applicable to existing buildings if the cost of 
the charging and pipe infrastructure exceeds 7 % of the total cost of the significant renovation of the building. In case of 
violations of the GEG, the competent authority may impose fines on the owner of the property. 
Requirement for Legionella Testing and Potential Remediation Measures 
The Drinking Water Ordinance (Trinkwasserverordnung), as revised in June 2018, provides inter alia that owners of specified 
centralized heated water supply facilities for use in multi-family houses are required to analyze stored heated water regarding 
the concentration of legionella at least every three years. The analysis is carried out by accredited laboratories specified and 
listed by the respective federal state. Any abnormal test results have to be reported to the local health authority. In case of the 
unfavorable increase of certain parameters, the owner of the centralized heated water supply facility is obliged to determine 
the cause, file a report to the competent health authority, and conduct appropriate counter-measures, which may range from 
chemical filtering or thermal disinfection to a modernization of the entire water supply facility. 
HOWOGE believes that it will be able to allocate the costs for routine analysis of drinking water as provided for under the 
Drinking Water Ordinance to tenants as part of the operating costs. 
Requirement to Install and to Maintain Smoke Detectors 
All federal states in Germany have made the installation and maintenance of smoke detectors mandatory in residential units. 
In almost all federal states where a relevant obligation exists, not only new buildings, but also existing buildings have to be 
equipped accordingly, usually within a transition period. Ultimately, on 9 June 2016, the Berlin parliament resolved on an

--- Page 172 ---
172 
obligation to install smoke detectors in residential units which was promulgated on 28 June 2016 and entered into force on 1 
January 2017. The fulfillment of these obligations is mandatory for all newly built premises starting 1 January 2017. Existing 
premises must be equipped with smoke detectors by 31 December 2020 at the latest. 
Costs incurred for the initial purchase and installation of smoke detectors in residential buildings may be passed on to the tenant 
as modernization costs by increasing the annual rent by up to 8 % of the costs incurred for the relevant rental unit. Costs for 
the rent and maintenance of smoke detectors may contractually be allocated to the tenant as part of the operating co sts. 
Current Developments in German Tenancy Law 
Rent Cap (Mietpreisbremse) and Broker’s Fees 
On 1 June 2015, the Act on Curbing Rent Increases in Tight Housing Markets and the Strengthening of the Orderer Principle 
with respect to the Business of Rental Agents—Tenancy Law Amendment Act (Gesetz zur Dämpfung des Mietanstiegs auf 
angespannten Wohnungsmärkten und 
zur 
Stärkung 
des 
Bestellerprinzips 
bei 
der 
Wohnungsvermittlung—
Mietrechtsnovellierungsgesetz) (the “MietNovG”) entered into force. The MietNovG is a form of rent control and restricts rent 
increases for new leases to a maximum of 10 % above the locally prevailing comparative rent levels in municipalities or parts 
of municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be threatened (rent cap), unless the rent level 
agreed with the previous tenant was higher. Furthermore, the restriction on rent increases does not apply to new or fully 
modernized buildings. 
The prevailing comparative rent levels are determined on the basis of contractual rents that were agreed upon for comparable 
residential space in the relevant municipality during the preceding six years. However, rent increases due to modernization 
measures are not taken into account for determining the prevailing comparative rent levels. Whether residential space is 
comparable is determined by taking into account its type, size, furnishings, quality, location, including the energy systems and 
characteristics. For this purpose, the landlord may, in particular, refer to the following: (i) an official rent index (Mietspiegel), 
(ii) a rent database, (iii) a report from an officially appointed and sworn expert or (iv) the rent payable for at least three 
comparable residential units. A rent index is a table that shows the prevailing reference rent in a relevant municipality. The 
table must be jointly produced or accepted by the municipality or by the landlord and tenant representatives. If the rent index 
is produced in accordance with recognized scientific principles, it is recognized as a so-called qualified rent index 
(Qualifizierter Mietspiegel). Qualified rent indices, as opposed to simple rent indices, create the (rebuttable) assumption that 
the listed rent levels reflect the reference rent customary in the relevant municipality. A rent index shall be adjusted to m arket 
trends every two years. A qualified rent index must be adjusted every two years; when this is done, a spot check or the trend 
of the price index for living standards of all private households in Germany, as computed by the Federal Statistical Office 
(Statistisches Bundesamt), may be used as a basis. A new list reflecting the qualified rent index must be generated every four 
years. A rent database is a collection of rents maintained on an ongoing basis that is used to determine the reference rent 
prevailing in a municipality. This option is only suitable for use if the collection of rents among other things (i) draws upon an 
adequate amount of rent data of existing and new lease agreements which are continuously updated, and which are 
representative for determining the prevailing rent level for individual properties in the respective locality, and (ii) is recognized 
by the municipality or by the landlord and tenant representatives. As a result, rent databases are not used in practice. On 
19 December 2019, the German federal parliament has resolved that the calculation period for the local comparative rent shall 
be extended from four to six years to prevent an excessive increase in the local comparative rents. The law entered into force 
on 1 January 2020. However, until the end of 2020, rent indexes with a reference date before 1 March 2020 could still be drawn 
up according to the previous regulation (based on four years) if the rent index will be published before 1 January 2021. 
The first letting of new or thoroughly modernized buildings is excluded from the rent limit ation. Until 31 December 2020, the 
German federal state governments are authorized by the tenancy law amendment act (Mietrechtsnovellierungsgesetz) to 
identify areas where there is pressure on the residential rental market and impose the rent limitation accordingly for a maximum 
period of five years. Thus, the rent cap (Mietpreisbremse) only applies in the respective designated areas. The German Federal 
Government (Bundesregierung) recently extended the period until 31 December 2025. Previously, it was unclear whether the 
German federal state governments are authorized to re-issue area designation ordinances (Gebietsverordnungen) after the 
maximum period of five years has elapsed. The amendment expressly provides that the German federal state governments may  
make multiple use of its authorization to issue such an ordinance. However, the last territorial ordinance must expire on 31 
December 2025. All federal states (Bundesländer) except for Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Saarland have already implemented 
or have announced its implementation. 
Berlin has introduced the rent cap by way of a Rent Limit Regulation (Mietenbegrenzungsverordnung) dated 28 April 2015 
and with effect from 1 June 2015. Pursuant to the Rent Limit Regulation, Berlin is a designated community with pressure on 
the residential rental market, in which the supply of the population with sufficient rental housing at reasonable conditions is

--- Page 173 ---
173 
particularly scarce. The Regional Court (Landgericht) of Berlin considered rent control provisions unconstitutional and 
presented this legal question to the Federal Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht). In its decision of 18 July 2019, 
the Federal Constitutional Court, however, ruled that rent control as such is indeed constitutional. On 19 May 2020, Berlin 
extended the Rent Limit Regulation until 31 May 2025. 
Furthermore, the MietNovG contains provisions for the payment of the broker’s fee for residential letting. Since 1 June 2015,  
the landlord is obliged to pay the broker’s fee if the owner commissions the broker (so called orderer principle). A tenant 
continues to have to pay the broker’s fee, if the tenant commissions the broker to look for an apartment for the tenant.  
On 1 January 2019, the Tenancy Adjustment Act (Mietrechtsanpassungsgesetz) entered into force, lowering the maximum 
increase of the annual rent from 11 % to 8 % of the total cost of the modernization measures. The reduction of the modernization 
levy is applicable to modernization projects announced from 1 January 2019. Furthermore, a cap of EUR 3.00 per square meter 
within six years now applies to the allocation of modernization costs. If the rent is less than EUR 7.00 per square meter, the 
rent may only increase by EUR 2.00 within six years as a result of modernization. For modernisation measures that cost a 
maximum of EUR 10,000.00, there is an option for a simplified procedure. If the landlord chooses this procedure, it can deduct 
a lump sum of 30 % for the repair costs to be charged, without having to justify this sum in detail. A tenant's objection of 
hardship due to financial overload is excluded in the simplified procedure. If the landlord chooses the simplified procedure,  
the regular allocation of costs of modernisation measures for the following five years is generally ruled out. Furthermore, it is 
becoming increasingly difficult for landlords to persuade tenants to terminate tenancies because they will not be able to afford 
the increased rent. A breach of duty on the part of the landlord is presumed if it does not commence with the modernisation 
measure within twelve months of notification or if the works are suspended for more than twelve months after commencement, 
if it announces a rent increase of at least 100 % or if the measures are carried out in such a way that the tenant is considerably 
burdened. Additionally, a targeted modernization in order to induce tenants to terminate the lease (Herausmodernisierung), 
e.g., a modernization that has only been announced but not carried out or results in significant, objectively unnecessary  burdens 
on the tenant, now constitutes an administrative offence which can be punished with a fine up to EUR 100,000. 
Furthermore, the Tenancy Adjustment Act tightens the provisions on the enforcement of rent control (Mietpreisbremse) on the 
landlord’s disadvantage. According to the new provisions, landlords are obliged in certain cases to provide a tenant with 
unsolicited information about the rent previously agreed for the housing before concluding the rental agreement. In addition, it 
is now easier for the tenants to complain about the rent control. While the previous situation required the tenant to make a 
qualified complaint (qualifizierte Rüge) containing the facts on which the complaint was based, a simple complaint suffices 
under current law. 
On 1 April 2020, a further amendment of the rent control came into force. Based on this, tenants under leases which were 
concluded after 1 April 2020 may claim rents paid in excess of the rent control with retroactive effect for a period of up to 2.5 
years. In certain cases, retroactive effect of a complaint will remain excluded, namely if the complaint is made later than 2.5 
years after the beginning of the tenancy or if the tenancy has already ended. For leases that existed prior to 1 April 2020 it 
remains unchanged that tenants can only claim rents that become due after the tenant’s complaint. 
Rent Freeze (Mietendeckel) 
On 18 June 2019, Berlin's municipal government (Berliner Senat) announced its intention to freeze and reduce rents in Berlin 
to a certain rental price limit by introducing new laws applicable for the next five years (“Mietendeckel”). On 30 January 2020, 
the Berlin parliament (Berliner Abgeordnetenhaus) passed the Law on Rent Limitation in Housing in Berlin (Gesetz zur 
Mietenbegrenzung im Wohnungswesen in Berlin - MietenWoG Bln) (the "Berlin Rent Limitation Law”). The law entered into 
force on 23 February 2020. On 15 April 2021, the Federal Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht) declared the Berlin 
Rent Limitation Law unconstitutional since the federal government had already made a law regulating rents, therefore a state 
government could not impose its own law. The Berlin Rent Limitation Law is therefore null and void. This means that the 
retained rents on the basis of the rent cap must be repaid. The repayment is due upon the knowledge of the decision of the 
Federal Constitutional Court. The decision caused ongoing discussions. It cannot be ruled out that attempts may be made at the 
federal level to introduce a rent cap. 
Expropriation of Residential Real Estate 
In addition to the recent legislative changes with regard to tenancy law, a citizens’ initiative was formed in Berlin, which 
successfully forced to hold a referendum, according to which the Berlin Senate is requested to undertake legal measures to 
expropriate “Deutsche Wohnen SE and others” in respect of their Berlin portfolios in accordance with Article 14 para. 3 of the 
German constitutional law (Grundgesetz) (the “Constitutional Act”). The referendum takes place together with the elections 
to the Berlin House of Representatives on 26 September 2021.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
The referendum will be successful if the majority of those voting and at least a quarter of these eligible to vote are voting for 
it. That means around 618,000 votes are needed. The aim of such socialisation is to create more affordable housing in Berlin, 
according to the initiative. Although legal experts have pointed out that it is very unlikely that the requested measures would 
be constitutional under German law, a success of this initiative cannot be completely ruled out at the time of writing. Although 
the citizens´ initiative is not putting a bill to a vote but has merely formulated a request to the Senate – which will not be legally 
binding to the Senate – it cannot be ruled out that the Senate will follow the request, if successful. Should the Senate follow a 
successful request, it could be assumed that the law on expropriation would be challenged in extensive and lengthy court 
proceedings.   
Should the Senate follow a successful request and expropriations take place subsequently, it can also not be completely 
discarded that HOWOGE will have to acquire real estate portfolios on a large scale. Whether and to what extent sufficient 
financial resources are available for this at HOWOGE level in such scenario cannot be reliably predicted at present. The same 
applies to the possible provision of equity capital by the state of Belin. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that HOWOGE will 
purchase the real estate at fair value, but that HOWOGE will nevertheless keep rents at their current level or even lower them. 
The protection of ownership in Germany is guaranteed under the Constitutional Act. As a result of this guarantee, the owner 
of properties is in principle entitled to proceed with the property at his own will and to exclude others from any influence,  
unless the law or the rights of third parties’ conflict with this. Conversely, the guarantee of property does not per se preclude 
the state from withdrawing this protected legal position by expropriation. Pursuant to Article 15 sentence 1 Constitutional Act, 
land, natural resources and means of production may be transferred to common ownership or other forms of public service for 
the purpose of socialization by a law regulating the nature and extent of compensation. However, there are high legal 
requirements for the expropriation of the real estate. 
While the citizen’s initiative in Berlin seems to be primarily directed against Deutsche Wohnen SE, the proposed request would 
capture all companies with profit motivation that own at least 3,000 apartments in Berlin. Thus, in addition to Deutsche Wohnen 
SE other real estate companies would also be affected by the proposed expropriation if the proposed request is adopted. 
Although the Constitutional Act provides in principle for compensation in the event of expropriation, it would be possible that 
such compensation would be significantly lower than the market value of the property.  
Restrictions Applicable to Subsidized Housing 
Overview 
The German Federal Government, Federal States (Bundesländer) and municipalities promote and subsidize social housing, i.e. 
housing available to families and individuals which do not have appropriate access to housing on the general market and hence 
need public support. Public subsidies on social housing can be granted in different forms, such as loans for costs of construction 
of housing (Baudarlehen), grants or loans for costs of the running expenses (Aufwendungszuschüsse and 
Aufwendungsdarlehen) or as loans to cover payments of current interest rates and loan repayment (annuity -aid-loan 
(Annuitätshilfedarlehen)). 
Effects of Public Subsidies 
Subsidized social housing generally triggers restrictions on the maximum amount of rent and may limit the group of possible 
tenants to persons in special social situations (e.g. large families, persons with disabilities) or those holding a housing eligibility 
certificate (Wohnberechtigungsschein) whose issuance mainly depends on the tenant’s income. The applicable period of these 
restrictions (Bindungszeitraum) as well as the technical modalities depend on the specific kind of subsidy grant ed. Further 
restrictions, for example those relating to the sale and transfer of subsidized property, may apply in individual cases. In 
particular, these restrictions may result from administrative acts (Verwaltungsakte) or public law contracts (öffentlich-
rechtliche Verträge), and, as the case may be, other agreements, such as loan agreements. In case of breach of obligations 
applicable to the individual subsidized property, the granting of the subsidy may be terminated and the relevant subsidy plus 
interest claimed back. 
Upon the expiry of the restriction period (Bindungszeitraum), the properties subsidized are regulated in the same way as 
unsubsidized properties. 
Applicable Laws and Regulations 
As at 30 June 2021, 2.2 % (by sqm) of the HOWOGE’s residential units (excluding the properties held for sale) were subject 
to rent restrictions as a result of subsidies (the “Subsidized Properties”). The weighted expiration year in relation to the 
portfolio’s total fair value is 2042.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
The Subsidized Properties were subsidized at different times based on various programs and legal bases. The programs include 
subsidies for new buildings as well as for the modernization and renovation of existing buildings. Accordingly, and depending 
on the time of the granting of the public subsidies, the statutory bases for the subsidies granted for the Subsidized Properties 
vary. 
Statutory bases are mainly found in the First Housing Act (Erstes Wohnungsbaugesetz), which applied from 1950 to 1956, and 
the Second Housing Act (Zweites Wohnungsbaugesetz) of 1956, as well as the Controlled Tenancies Act 
(Wohnungsbindungsgesetz), the 1970 Rent Ordinance for New Construction (Neubaumietenverordnung) and the Second 
Calculation Ordinance (Zweite Berechnungsverordnung). These provisions are further specified at the state level. On 1 January 
2002, the Housing Assistance Act (Wohnraumförderungsgesetz) replaced the Second Housing Act. However, decisions and 
measures based on the Second Housing Act remained valid, and the Second Housing Act generally continues to apply to 
subsidies granted before 1 January 2002 (or, in specific cases, before 1 January 2003). 
With the enactment of the Housing Assistance Act (Wohnraumförderungsgesetz) in 2002, housing subsidies can be granted by 
way of loans or grants, guarantees or the provision of building ground at preferential conditions. The Housing Assistance Act  
(Wohnraumförderungsgesetz) requires such subsidies to be granted on the basis of a subsidy notification (Förderzusage), which 
can take the form of an administrative act (Verwaltungsakt) or a public law contract (öffentlich-rechtlicher Vertrag). In the 
subsidy notification, the authority granting the subsidies must specify the conditions under which the subsidy is granted, in 
particular the purpose, use and amount of the subsidy, as well as restrictions on eligible tenants and rent restrictions (Belegungs- 
und Mietpreisbindungen) or rights of the authority to assign specific tenants (Belegungsrechte). The applicable period for these 
restrictions (Bindungszeitraum) will generally also be specified in the subsidy notification. As a consequence, specific 
restrictions with regards to individual cases generally follow from the subsidy notification. 
The legislative competence to subsidize social housing was transferred from the Federal Republic of Germany to the German 
Federal States (Länder) as of 1 September 2006. Based on that change of legislative competence, some Federal States have 
since issued new social housing laws. However, federal legislation, in particular the Housing Assistance Act 
(Wohnraumförderungsgesetz) and the Controlled Tenancies Act (Wohnungsbindungsgesetz), remains applicable to the extent 
that it is not replaced by legislation of the particular Federal State. Berlin has enacted the Law on Social Housing 
(Wohnraumgesetz Berlin) in 2011 (as last amended on 12 October 2020), which complements federal legislation, but does not 
substitute it. 
Depending on the type of subsidy and the legal basis on which it was granted, the restrictions on the maximum amount of rent 
and limitations on the group of possible tenants, as well as the applicable restriction periods, vary. For instance, as the r esult 
of subsidies granted before the Housing Assistance Act (Wohnraumförderungsgesetz) entered into force in 2002, the subsidy 
recipient may only be able to charge a cost-covering rent (Kostenmiete) during the restriction period as a matter of statutory 
law. The cost-covering rent is the rent necessary to cover all expenses for the property, including a return on equity capital and 
is adjusted over time. 
After public funding has ended, general statutory provisions such as the above-mentioned capping limit which generally limits 
a rent increase (Section 558 paragraph 3 of the BGB) apply. 
Forms of Public Subsidies; Subsidy Notification and Loan Agreement 
Public subsidies on social housing can be granted in different forms such as loans for costs of construction of housing 
(Baudarlehen), grants for costs of the running expenses (Aufwendungszuschiisse) or as loans to cover payments of current 
interest rates (Aufwendungsdarlehen) and loan repayment (annuity-aid-loan (Annuitätshilfedarlehen)). 
Generally, if a property is subsidized with a loan, the competent public authority first issues a subsidy notification. On the basis 
of this notification, the addressee concludes a loan agreement with either a public authority or a bank. Usually, the subsidy  
notification refers (either explicitly or indirectly by referring to the subsidized building) to the subsidized loan and vice versa. 
The consequence of this legal connection is a strong link between the subsidy notification and the subsidized loan. Generally , 
the subsidized loan agreements stipulate that any right to terminate or revoke the subsidy notification automatically triggers 
the right to revoke the loan agreement. In other cases, depending on the provisions in the loan agreement, non-compliance with 
the provisions of the subsidy notification and a subsequent revocation of the subsidy notification will, for example, lead to a 
right of the lender to claim back or amend the loan agreement or to terminate the contract. On the other hand, non -compliance 
with the terms of the loan agreement may also affect the subsidy notification, which might provide that a breach of the loan 
agreement entitles the authority granting the subsidy to withdraw the subsidy notification.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Additionally, the subsidy notification or the subsidized loan agreement may also set out conditions for commercial loans which 
the borrower contracts to finance the subsidized property in addition to the subsidized loan. The breach of such conditions 
might entitle the public authority to withdraw the subsidy notification or the lender to terminate the subsidized loan agreement. 
Sale and Transfer of Subsidized Properties 
If a subsidized property is sold and transferred, a consent by the competent authority representing the entity granting the subsidy 
may be required. Furthermore, the restrictions arising from legislation and/or the subsidy notification generally also apply to 
replacements in title of the property. If the restrictions follow directly from legal provisions, they apply to the respectiv e owner 
of the property. If they follow from the subsidy notification, the notification, while still addressed to the original recipient of 
the subsidy, may also apply to the new owner of the subsidized property under general principles of German administrative 
law. The authority may also transfer or re-issue the subsidy notification to the new owner. However, the subsidy notification 
or the subsidized loan agreement may include deviating provisions regarding the effects of a sale and transfer of the property 
on the public subsidy. 
However, the sale and transfer of the property does not automatically transfer the loan agreement based on the subsidy 
notification to the replacement in title. Since the loan agreements are governed by civil law only, a transfer of the loan 
agreement can only be achieved with the agreement of the respective lender. Moreover, should an apartment be converted into 
a condominium and sold for personal use (Eigennutzung), any public subsidies will be claimed back. 
Further Restrictions on the Use of Properties under Private and Public Law 
Restrictions Arising Out of Easements in the Land Register 
An easement (Dienstbarkeit) encumbers a particular property to the benefit of the respective owner of another property 
(Grunddienstbarkeit) or to the benefit of a third party, establishing a personal right unrelated to the ownership of a certain 
property (beschränkte persönliche Dienstbarkeit). It requires the owner of the charged property “in rem” to refrain from taking 
action (e.g. not to build on specific parts of the property) or to accept actions taken by the respective owner of the benefitted 
property or the benefitted third party (e.g. a right of way or a right to run cables or pipes for third parties). Furthermore, 
easements may result in the obligation to bear certain costs, e.g. for maintenance and repair of buildings or pipelines. The 
content of the respective obligation can be enforced by the owner of the benefitted property or the benefitted third party. Since 
registered easements are “attached” to the property itself, they can be enforced against the current and any subsequent owner 
of the charged property as well as against legal successors. For many of the properties in the portfolio, easements are registered 
in the land register. 
Public Easements 
A public easement (Baulast) requires the owner of the charged property to take action (for example, to create a certain number 
of parking spaces), refrain from taking action (for example, not to build on specific parts of the property) o r to accept actions 
by third parties (for example, laying pipes or cables by third parties). The content of the obligation can be enforced by means 
of an administrative order. Such public easements were established for a number of properties in the portfolio. 
Various properties of the portfolio are also subject to unification public easements (Vereinigungsbaulasten). Unification public 
easements create a single “construction property” (öffentlich-rechtliches Baugrundstück) out of the affected properties which 
continue to be independent properties under civil law. Many provisions of public building law, such as the requirements of 
minimum distances between buildings, apply to the construction property as if the property boundaries did not exist. 
According to the Berlin building code (Bauordnung Berlin), public easements take effect with their registration in the public 
easement register. Since public easements attach to the property itself, they can be enforced against the owner of the charged 
property and against third parties. The public easement is also effective against legal successors (i.e. buyers of the charged 
properties) and can only be suspended by a waiver of the competent authority. The restrictions resulting from the public 
easement may affect the value of the charged property. The public easement lapses through written waiver of the competent 
authority. 
Further restrictions regarding the properties in the Group's portfolio may arise from urban development agreements 
(städtebauliche Verträge) or public law agreements (öffentlich-rechtliche Verträge) concluded with public authorities, e.g. for 
the development of certain urban spaces by HOWOGE.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Construction and Planning 
General 
Generally, projects and measures affecting buildings as well as their use require a building permit (Baugenehmigung). This 
does not only apply for the erection and substantial modifications of a building, but also for a substantial change of use 
(Nutzungsänderung), even if such change of use does not come along with construction works, as well as for a demolition and 
removal of buildings or parts thereof. 
By granting the building permit (Baugenehmigung) the competent authority states that the proposed project is in compliance 
with applicable law, both with regard to federal planning law (Bauplanungsrecht), including provisions of applicable local 
development plans, and the building law (Bauordnungsrecht) regulated in the respective State Building Acts 
(Landesbauordnungen). While the planning law rules the purpose for which a property may be used, describing in particular 
the kind of use and the type and size of buildings permissible, building law determines how buildings may be designed and 
constructed in order to safeguard safety and the prohibition of dangers. 
If they are not challenged, building permits, generally, become final/not appealable (bestandskräftig) and then safeguard the 
permitted building in the future, independent of any changes of the relevant planning and zoning law. 
Planning Law 
Under German planning - law (Bauplanungsrecht), municipal planning authorities have discretion (Planungsermessen) in 
exercising their planning competence. They are, however, required by law to take into account private interests as well as to  
pursue a number of prescribed objectives, including sustainable urban development and the protection of natural resources. 
Formal planning by municipalities under the Federal Building Act (Baugesetzbuch,”BauGB”) follows a two-tiered approach. 
First, each municipality may issue a preparatory land-use plan (Flächennutzungsplan) that represents, with respect to the entire 
municipal territory, a basic classification of land uses according to urban development objectives and the needs of the respective 
municipality. For instance, a preparatory land-use plan may determine the purpose or purposes for which specific areas should 
be used in the future or which areas should be made available for environmental purposes, but it does not, in principal, create 
or affect individual rights. 
Second, zoning plans (Bebauungspläne) may determine the specific use of land in designated areas. A zoning plan must comply 
with the applicable preparatory land-use plan. A zoning plan establishes the legally binding rules with respect to matters such 
as type and extent of structural use of property, e.g. building plot area and the height, density and specific use of buildings 
erected on a plot and may also designate land as being reserved for public purposes, industrial use, mixed-use, social housing, 
infrastructure, open spaces, and protected areas. The zoning plan may also contain provisions on permissible emissions, 
permissible exterior design of a building or contain other obligations, such as the obligation to plant trees. Where no zoning 
plan exists, the question whether a building project and/or its specific kind of use is permissible depends on whether th e building 
project is located in the already built-up interior zone (Innenbereich) or in an undeveloped peripheral area (Außenbereich). In 
the first case, the permissibility basically depends on the building project’s compatibility with the existing buildings in the 
vicinity and their specific use. Outside of built-up interior zones, projects are only permissible subject to narrowly defined 
requirements under the BauGB, which are not satisfied by buildings designated for office, retail or logistics use. 
Municipalities may designate special urban planning zones (Gebiete des besonderen Städtebaurechts) in order to remediate 
specific planning deficiencies or facilitate specific urban developments. The BauGB provides for different types of special 
urban planning zones, such as redevelopment areas (Sanierungsgebiete), conservation areas (Erhaltungsgebiete) or 
development areas (Entwicklungsgebiete). Both existing properties located in areas that are designated as special urban 
planning zones following the erection of such properties as well as properties that will be built in such urban planning zones in 
the future may be subject to certain restrictions. 
If properties are located within formally designated redevelopment areas, those properties are subject to restrictive regulations 
of the BauGB, such as municipal pre-emptive rights. In addition, written permission of the municipality is required for certain 
development projects and legal procedures (e.g., rental agreements for a stipulated period of more than one year, property 
purchase agreements, the subdivision of a plot or the establishment, modification or revocation of a public easement). The 
granting of such permission may only be refused if such project would inhibit or seriously impede the implementation of the 
redevelopment or if it would conflict with the aims and purposes of the redevelopment. The owner of a property may be obliged 
to use the property in accordance with the aims and purposes of a redevelopment. If the owner does not comply with this 
requirement, the municipality might expropriate the owner under certain prerequisites. In order to implement the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
redevelopment, the municipality may undertake infrastructure measures. Furthermore, the owner of a property in a 
redevelopment area may be obliged to make payments to the respective municipality in order to compensate for the increase 
in the value of the property as a consequence of the redevelopment. 
Building Law 
German building laws and regulations of the German Federal States (Bauordnungsrecht der Bundesländer) are extensive and 
govern, among other things, permissible types of buildings, building materials, statics, proper workmanship, stability, heating, 
fire prevention, means of warning and escape in case of emergency, access and facilities for the fire department, hazardous and 
offensive substances, noise protection, parking spaces, ventilation and handicap access and facilities. 
For instance, fire prevention is regulated by laws and regulations of the German Federal States (Bauordnungsrecht der 
Bundesländer), which are further specified by directives, decrees, guidelines, technical regulations, recommendations and 
technical data sheets regulating construction, technical and organizational fire prevention concerning, inter alia, building 
materials, firewalls and emergency escape routes as well as fire- extinguishing systems and smoke detectors. Those regulations 
may be amended from time to time, which could require investments in improved or additional fire prevention measures. 
Furthermore, if the use of a building is changed or construction measures are taken, such amended fire prevention requirements 
may become applicable. 
Protection of Existing Buildings 
Owners of buildings erected and used in compliance with building permits (Baugenehmigungen) which have become final and 
absolute (bestandskräftig) benefit, in principle, for an indefinite period of time from such permit (Bestandsschutz). This means 
that local building authorities must generally tolerate the respective building and its use, even though the planning or legal 
situation may have changed since the granting of the permit. 
However, the competent building authority may, under certain circumstances, require alterations to buildings with respect to 
safety (e.g., fire safety) or health risks. While mere non-compliance with prevailing regulations generally does not warrant such 
orders, the occurrence of imminent safety or health risks with respect to users of the building or the general public allows the 
competent authority to demand immediate action from the owner. Relevant risks in this regard include fire risks, traffic risk s, 
risks of collapse and health risks from hazardous building materials, such as asbestos or water contaminatio n. The protection 
of existing buildings does not generally cover alterations to such buildings or changes in the type of use. Therefore, in both 
cases, a new building permit is typically required, which must comply with the then-applicable planning and building 
regulations. However, the building authority may, under certain circumstances, grant an exemption from the respective 
provisions of the zoning plan if the intended use or alteration is not covered by such provisions of the zoning plan. 
Draft law on the mobilization of building land 
On 4 November 2020, the Federal Cabinet (Bundeskabinett) passed a draft for the Building Land Mobilization Act. The German 
Federal Government intends to restrict the conversion of buildings into condominiums in areas with a tight housing market. 
On 23 June 2021, the Building Land Mobilzation Act (Baulandmobilisierungsgesetz) entered into force according to which a 
permission from the relevant local authorities will be required for the conversion of a building into condominiums in areas with 
a tight housing market (so called `conversion brake´). The individual federal state governments have the authority to designate 
areas requiring such permission for a conversion. The federal state of Berlin already passed a respective regulation applying to 
the whole city of Berlin, which entered into force on 6 August 2021. The federal state of Hamburg already announced to pass 
a respective regulation in the near future. The regulations apply until the end of 2025. The Building Land Mobilization Act 
also provides for a building obligation, according to which municipalities can oblige property owners to build residential un its 
on vacant properties within a certain period of time if there is an urgent need for housing or in areas with a tight  housing market. 
Restrictions for Properties Affected by Monument Protection and/or Special Urban Planning Legislation 
Certain buildings or parts of buildings in the ownership/possession of the Group are classified as historic buildings on the basis 
of law or registration in a list of protected buildings. The competent authorities may determine whether the conservation of a 
building is in the collective public interest and, therefore, has to be considered protected. As a result, ownership is subject to 
various public law restrictions. Specific obligations with respect to, e.g., the maintenance, repair, appropriate management and 
protection of historic buildings arise under the historic buildings preservation laws of the individual German Federal States. In 
addition, changes to historic buildings or their removal are not permitted if significant conservation reasons exist for 
maintaining their condition unchanged. Compliance with preservation legislation is also required in the context of planning 
permission processes, such as for a change of use or for alterations and may result in the refusal of the required permits. 
Furthermore, if a building is located in the near surrounding of a building that is subject to monument protection, such building

--- Page 179 ---
179 
might also be subject to restrictions to the extent it can influence the monumental character of the protected building. With 
regard to restrictions on use and disposal, some of the HOWOGE’s real estate is situated in preservation areas 
(Erhaltungsgebiete) and may in the future be situated in urban redevelopment areas (Sanierungsgebiete). Additionally, some 
of the real estate is listed as protected historical monuments. The applicable statutory regime in these cases is that of special 
preservation statutes based on the Federal Building Code (Baugesetzbuch) and the Berlin legislation for the preservation of 
protected monuments (Denkmalschutzgesetz Berlin). 
With respect to real estate situated in an urban redevelopment area (Sanierungsgebiet), it is required to obtain the permission 
of the municipality in particular for demolition or alteration of buildings, entering into lease agreements with a fixed term  of 
more than one year, the sale of the property, the granting of encumbrances and the creation, amendment or suspension of an 
easement. In addition, at the end of the redevelopment measure the relevant municipality will levy a compensation charge 
(Ausgleichsbetrag) that is aimed to balance the increased land value in consequence of the redevelopment . The owner of the 
real estate is responsible for the implementation of the necessary measures defined by the public authorities. Only if the owner 
is unable to realize the measures quickly and expediently, the authorities may take action instead. 
A part of the HOWOGE’s real estate is situated in preservation areas (Erhaltungsgebiete), which requires it to obtain the 
permission (irrespective of the requirement of a building permit) of the relevant public authority for demolition, alteration  of 
buildings or change of use. Also, ordinances may determine that permission is required for the establishment of individual 
ownership for personal use (condominium and part- ownership) in respect of residential units. Milieu protection areas 
(Milieuschutzgebiete) as well as preservation areas (Erhaltungsgebiete) are both regulations based on the Federal Building 
Code (Baugesetzbuch). Preservation areas primarily serve the preservation of the urban characteristic of the area and can be 
stipulated by local development plans and other local statutes. Milieu protection areas (Milieuschutzgebiete) serve the 
preservation of the areas as well, focusing on the composition of the resident population in a specific area. In order to preserve 
the existing composition of the resident population, the Federal Building Code (Baugesetzbuch) enables the federal states to 
enact ordinances that prohibit the transformation of rented apartments into freehold apartments. As mentioned before, a 
respective ordinance (Umwandlungsverordnung) was passed by the Berlin government on 3 March 2015, in force until 13 
March 2020. The Berlin government decided to extend the ordinance (Umwandlungsverordnung) for another five years, i.e. 
until 2025. 
Construction and Property Development Contracts 
Applicable Provisions of the BGB 
On 1 January 2018, an amendment to the BGB relating to construction contracts came into effect that implements a number of 
amendments to the BGB relating to agreements in connection with planning and construction works and codifies a range of 
new types of contracts which so far were not explicitly regulated. These changes are briefly summarized below. The BGB now 
differentiates, in 
particular, between 
construction contracts (Bauverträge), consumer 
construction contracts 
(Verbraucherbauverträge) as well as the property development contracts (Bauträgerverträge). In principle, a property 
development contract is a mixed contract (gemischter Vertrag) covering both aspects of a sales contract (Kaufvertrag) and of 
a contract for work (Werkvertrag). The newly applicable law now explicitly stipulates that the property development contract 
is a contract with respect to the construction (Errichtung) or reconstruction (Umbau) of a house or a comparable building and 
by which the developer is obliged to transfer ownership to the property to be developed. The BGB further includes additional 
provisions for consumer construction contracts, including property development contracts entered into with private purchasers, 
such as owner-occupiers and retail buy-to-let investors. Prior to entering into a property development with a private purchaser, 
the respective real estate developer is required to provide such purchaser with a written description of the building specifications 
(Baubeschreibung). Such description needs to be provided in good time before entering into the property development contract 
and also needs to fulfil the requirements set forth in the BGB. In addition, the developer has to inform the purchaser bindin gly 
about the time of completion of the development project or, if such information is not possible at the time of conclusion of the 
contract, the estimated time needed for realizing the respective development project. Furthermore, the developer also needs to 
describe in detail the specifications of the building, which include, for instance, a general description of the building to be built, 
the type and extent of the services offered, general data on the building including floor plans and information on square foo tage, 
potentially information on the energy, fire safety and sound proofing standard. Except where a consumer construction contract 
was notarized, the consumer has a statutory right to rescind the agreement within the statutory periods and the contractor is 
obligated to duly inform the consumer of such right. Aside from these provisions relating to property development and 
consumer construction contracts, general rules relating to sales contracts (Kaufverträge) and work contracts (Werkverträge) as 
well as the German Real Estate Agent and Commercial Contractor Regulation (Makler- und Bauträgerverordnung, "MaBV”) 
apply. 
In the context of property development contracts (Bauträgerverträge), the BGB provides for additional requirements with

--- Page 180 ---
180 
respect to the issuance of certain sureties which were introduced by the Act to Secure Contractor Claims and Improve the 
Enforcement of Payment Claims (Förderungssicherungsgesetz, “FöSiG”). In case the recipient of such works is a consumer 
and instalment payments were agreed by the parties, real estate developers building or remodeling a house or similar 
construction structure are required to issue a surety (“FöSiG Surety”) with respect to 5 % of the agreed remuneration upon 
beginning of construction works (i.e., when the first instalment under the MaBV is due and payable). The purpose of the FöSiG 
Surety is to secure contractual performance in a timely and adequate manner and to provide purchasers a minimum security 
from the consequences of an insolvency of the respective project developer. The issuance of the FöSiG Surety is mandatory 
and can only be avoided if such purchasers withhold an amount corresponding to 5 % of the aggregate purchase price from 
their instalment payments. 
German Real Estate Agent and Commercial Contractor Regulation (Makler- und Bauträgerverordnung) 
The MaBV is, inter alia, applicable to property development contracts relating to the development and sale of residential 
properties to owner-occupiers (Selbstnutzer) and retail buy-to-let investors in Germany. The MaBV provides for certain 
regulations to be complied with by, inter alia, real estate developers in connection with the conclusion of property development 
contracts (Bauträgerverträge). In particular, the MaBV provides for a staggered payment framework, which entit les a real 
estate developer to significant fixed down payments in line with the completion of construction milestones, for respective 
collateralization of such down payments and imposes an obligation on the developer to separate funds received from purchasers 
from private assets. The real estate developer may request up to seven instalment payments subject to specific construction 
progress to be included in the individual payment schedule agreed under the property development contract (Bauträgervertrag). 
Such instalment payments may, however, only be requested if the amount of an instalment payment corresponds to the actual 
value of the work performed by the real estate developer at the time such instalment payment becomes due and payable. 
The first construction milestone is the start of ground works (Beginn der Erdarbeiten). Upon the achievement of this milestone, 
the real estate developer is entitled to request the first instalment in the amount of 30 % of the agreed contractual sum in case 
ownership of a real property is to be transferred and 20 % of the agreed contractual sum in case a hereditary building right is 
to be created or transferred. The second instalment for 40 % of the remaining agreed contractual sum is due and payable upon 
completion of the building shell (including carpentry work) (Rohbaufertigstellung, einschließlich Zimmererarbeiten). As a 
result, a total of 58 % of the aggregate agreed contractual sum under the respective property development contract 
(Bauträgervertrag) is due and payable upon completion of the building shell if ownership of a real property is to be transferred. 
Further instalments can be requested in up to seven partial payments in accordance with the following milestones set forth in  
the MaBV: installation of roof surfaces (Herstellung der Dachflächen), basic installation of heating systems, sanitary and 
electrical facilities (Rohinstallation der Heizungs-, Sanitär- und Elektroanlagen), window installation (Fenstereinbau), interior 
plaster work (Innenputzarbeiten), screed work (Estricharbeiten), tiling work in the sanitary area (Fliesenarbeiten im 
Sanitärbereich), readiness for occupancy and concurrently with the transfer of possession (Bezugsfertigkeit und Zug um Zug 
gegen Besitzübergabe), facade works (Fassadenarbeiten) a final completion (vollständige Fertigstellung). 
However, a real estate developer must not request payment of the first instalment from the purchaser unless the following 
conditions are met: (i) the underlying purchase contract is binding and all necessary approvals were granted, the notary public 
has confirmed these requirements in writing and no cancelation rights were granted to the purchaser, (ii) a priority notice of 
conveyance (Auflassungsvormerkung) has been registered in the land register (Grundbuch) with respect to the respective 
purchaser's title of ownership, (iii) all mortgages (other than for financing the purchase price for the purchaser) were 
subordinated to the purchaser’s priority notice of conveyance (Auflassungsvormerkung), and (iv) the building permit 
(Baugenehmigung) has been obtained (or it has been confirmed that a building permit is not required). In practice, real estate 
developers often face significant delays when dealing with the land register authorities. As a result, the process of registering 
of such priority notice of conveyance (Auflassungsvormerkung) may be delayed significantly. In such case, the real estate 
developer can request instalment payments subject to issuing to the purchaser a surety covering the respective pre-payment 
amount (“MaBV Aval”). Once either all of the above conditions are met or a corresponding MaBV Aval has been issued, the 
real estate developer is entitled to request the instalment payments under the agreed payment schedule from the relevant 
purchaser. 
Liability for Environmental Contamination 
Liability for environmental contamination and hazardous soil contamination may arise under public law and civil law 
provisions. Liability under public law cannot be excluded by contract. Civil law warranty liability, by contrast, can be limited 
or excluded by contract (see “Risk Factors — Risks related to the Group’s Business Activities— The Group could be exposed 
to risks from residual pollution including wartime ordnance, soil conditions and contaminants in building materials, as well 
as possible building regulation violations.").

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Environmental Liability Under Public Law 
Soil Contamination 
Pursuant to the Federal Soil Protection Act (Bundesbodenschutzgesetz), the parties responsible for environmental 
contamination include, among others, the party that caused the contamination, its legal successor, the owner of the contaminated 
property and each previous owner of the contaminated property (if such former owner transferred the property after the entering 
into force of the Federal Soil Protection Act on 1 March 1999 and knew or should have known about the contamination), as 
well as the person with actual control over the property. With regard to these potentially liable parties, there is no general 
ranking as to which of the parties is primarily liable. It is within the discretion of the relevant local authority to decide which 
party shall be held liable. The party most likely to be held liable is the current owner of the contaminated site, because it is 
legally entitled to carry out the required remedial measures. Furthermore, the liability of the entities and persons who can be 
held liable by the authorities for remediation does not require a showing of negligence or intent on the part of the liable parties. 
The Federal Soil Protection Act (Bundesbodenschutzgesetz) authorizes the local authorities to require risk inspections, 
investigations, remedial measures, and other necessary measures for the protection against  hazardous soil changes or residual 
environmental contamination. The Federal Soil Protection Act contains a statutory indemnity obligation on the part of the 
responsible parties that, irrespective of an official order, allocates liability among the parties in accordance with their respective 
contribution to the cause of the contamination. The indemnity obligation may be waived or transferred by express contractual 
agreement. 
Further, pursuant to the German Environment Contamination Act (Umweltschadensgesetz) authorities may at their discretion 
implement risk inspections, investigations, remedial measures, and other necessary measures for the protection against any 
environment contamination, if the contaminations were caused after 30 April 2007. Other potential parties responsible may 
also be held liable in addition to the owner. Incidentally, there is no general ranking as to which of the responsible parties is 
primarily liable. 
Groundwater Contamination 
According to the Federal Water Resources Act (Wasserhaushaltsgesetz) and related provisions of the federal and the state 
environmental protection and water laws the parties responsible for any contamination of water can be held liable for the 
required remedial measures by the authorities. 
If the contamination of water has detrimental effects on the property of third parties, the polluters may be held liable for the 
resulting damage. Such liability exists independently of any potential action taken by the public authorities. 
Asbestos 
German law imposes obligations to remediate asbestos contamination under certain circumstances. Under the asbestos 
guidelines (Asbest-Richtlinien) of the German Federal States, the standard for determining a remediation obligation is the 
presence of any health threat. The law distinguishes between friable asbestos, which is capable of releasing asbestos fibers into 
the air as it ages or breaks, and non-friable asbestos, from which asbestos fibers are usually not released and which, therefore, 
poses a limited risk to human health. Except in the event of structural alterations, there is generally no obligation to remove 
non-friable asbestos under the asbestos guidelines. 
Friable asbestos is generally found in construction materials that provide fire safety, noise abatement, moisture protection, heat 
insulation and thermal protection. The asbestos guidelines set out criteria used in assessing the urgency of remedying 
contamination, ranging from immediate action (including demolition, removal or coating of the asbestos) to risk assessments 
at intervals of no more than five years. The removal and disposal of asbestos- containing materials requires specific safety 
measures and may trigger elevated costs. 
In the case of asbestos contamination, a tenant may also assert a right of rent reduction or, in extreme circumstances, termination 
for good cause. German courts have held that a landlord may be presumed to be in breach of its statutory obligations if the 
existence of a health threat cannot be excluded. Accordingly, the courts have granted the right to rent reduction even in cases 
where the asbestos guidelines do not require immediate remediation. Tenants may also claim compensatory damages if the 
defect was present at the time the contract was concluded, and they may claim compensation for personal suffering 
(Schmerzensgeld). Finally, tenants also have the right, subject to certain conditions, to remedy the defect on their own and 
require that their reasonable expenses be reimbursed.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Pentachlorophenol ("PCP”), Lindane, Dichlorodipheny/trichloroethane (“DDT"), and Polychlorinated Biphenyl (“PCB") 
Due to negative effects on human health, the use of PCP is prohibited. However, PCP may still exist in buildings, such as in 
wood preservatives, synthetic materials, insulations, or joints as it was used as a fungicide against mold. DDT and Lindane are 
synthetic pesticides which were also used in wood preservatives, and which are suspected to have serious negative effects on 
human health. Their use is prohibited. The use of PCB is generally prohibited. However, it has been widely used as a softener 
in synthetic materials as well as a fire-retardant component in the past and may also negatively affect human health. 
The existence of PCP, Lindane, DDT and PCB in buildings may, under certain circumstances, ent itle the tenant to reduce the 
rent or to claim damages. Moreover, the remediation of rooms or buildings may be required where PCP, Lindane, DDT and 
PCB concentrations exceed certain thresholds. 
In particular with regard to PCB, the owner of a building may be required to remedy PCB sources through the elimination or 
sealing of construction elements that contain PCB. Remediation measures may become necessary if the PCB concentration in 
rooms which are designed for human use exceeds 300 nanograms per 1 cubic meter of air. 
With regard to PCP, further investigations are required if with regard to rooms permanently used for residential purposes the 
PCP concentration in dust and wood exceeds defined thresholds. If further investigations then show that the PCP concentration 
exceeds 0.1 microgram per 1 cubic meter of air, further medical tests are required with regard to the residents. Depending on  
defined thresholds for a maximum PCP concentration a remediation may then be necessary. 
Legionella 
According to the German Ordinance on drinking water (Trinkwasserverordnung), owners of drinking water facilities located 
in properties with more than one residential unit are obliged to check regularly, however at least triennially, if the water is 
polluted by Legionella, which is a bacterium. The competent authorities are entitled to require additional checks. Legionella 
tests have to be carried out by accredited laboratories. If the thresholds mentioned at the German Ordinance on drinking water 
are exceeded, the owner of the drinking water facility must restore target conditions, which could lead to a high amount of 
costs if e.g. the legionella pollution is based in structural misfunctions. 
War Ordnance 
In Germany, the federal states are responsible for the clearance of ordnance and other remnants of war. In most states, public 
services are responsible for the clearance of war ordnance, while other states commission private specialized firms. All states 
assume, and dispose of, unexploded ordnance themselves. However, the extent to which a private investor or an owner of 
contaminated real estate incurs liabilities in connection with the clearing of remnants of war or ordnance, including preparatory 
measures like the disposal of plants and layers of soil or preventive search measures, where the initial suspicions prove 
unfounded, varies from state to state. 
Environmental Liability Under Civil Law 
Civil liability for environmental contamination can arise under contractual warranty obligations and under statutory obligations. 
Warranty claims can generally be waived or limited by contractual provisions. The statutory claims can oblige the party causing 
contamination of the soil or water to pay damages or to remedy the contamination and its consequences. HOWOGE could be 
subject to such liability for damages or remediation if a property in its portfolio has detrimental effects on the property of third 
parties. This civil liability exists independent of any official action taken in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Soil 
Protection Act. 
Restitution rights and transfer approval 
Under the Law on the Settlement of Open Property Issues (Gesetz zur Regelung offener Vermögensfragen), former owners of 
properties who were dispossessed either by the national socialist government between 30 January 1933 and 8 May 1945 or by 
the former German Democratic Republic (Deutsche Demokratische Republik) can demand the restitution of such properties. If 
return of the properties is impossible due to a valid sale to a third party, the former owners have compensation claims under 
the German Restitution Act (Entschädigungsgesetz). The German Asset Allocation Law (Vermögenszuordnungsgesetz) 
provides for similar regulations. 
If respective claims are brought forward, current owners of the real property may be subject to restrictions on material changes 
to, and transfer of, the real property under the Law on Unsettled Property Issues, which may also be secured by entry of a 
priority notice or a pre-emption right in the land register. Since the processing of claims arising from the Law on Unsettled

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Property Issues may take up to several years, such restrictions may be in effect and persist for that duration. If relevant claims 
are successful, the owner(s) of the relevant real property may be obligated t o transfer the real property back to the claimant. 
With regard to properties located in the former German Democratic Republic (Deutsche Demokratische Republik), the German 
Real Estate Transfer Ordinance (Grundstücksverkehrsordnung) generally requires owners of properties to obtain approval from 
the competent authorities prior to disposing of any properties unless such approval was previously granted for a transfer of the 
property completed after 28 September 1990. If any restitution claims were filed for a property, such approval will not be 
granted until the claim has been settled.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may 
be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into a dealer agreement dated 18 October 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") which sets 
out, inter alia, the arrangements under which Notes, issued under the Programme, may from time to time be agreed to be 
purchased by any one or more Dealers from the Issuer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with the 
form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or any other agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
Further, the Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about the 
date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdict ion 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the regist ration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or  in 
the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any  
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 186 ---
186 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any  
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Law"). Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan 
except only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law and any applicable laws, regulations and guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the " SFA"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invit ation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Notes has not nor will be circulated or distributed, nor have the Notes, nor will they be 
offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to per sons 
in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a corporation 
(which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a t rust 
(where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited 
investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) 
or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based 
Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of any Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this 
Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian 
securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute any copy of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the "Issuers Regulation"), all as amended from time to time; or  
(b)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial 
Services Act and Issuers Regulation. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance 
with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time;  
(ii)  
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and   
(iii)  
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which may be 
imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and 
whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights 
attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be,  
publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes.  
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in the Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which would make the 
Base Prospectus, supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of HOWOGE and its affiliates. In 
addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for HOWOGE and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorized by a resolution of the management board (Geschäftsführung) of 
HOWOGE dated 8 October 2021 and by a resolution of the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) of HOWOGE dated 13 September 
2021. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of HOWOGE regarding the issuance of a series of Notes are 
set out in each Final Terms. 
The issuance of series of Notes under the Programme in excess of EUR 1.5 billion may be subject to additional shareholder 
approval pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany  
("Clearstream, Frankfurt"). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations may be (i) deposited 
with either Clearstream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international bearer 
debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common safekeeper ("CSK") to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the International Central Securities Depositories (the "ICSDs"). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 894500BIY1Z9MG9QB745. 
Litigation 
Please refer to the section "Description of the Issuer - Governmental, Legal or Administrative Proceedings". 
Material Changes 
Please refer to the section "Description of the Issuer - Recent Developments". 
Valuation Report 
This Base Prospectus includes a condensed valuation report as at 30 June 2021 prepared by CBRE GmbH, Große Gallusstraße 
18, 60312 Frankfurt/Main, Germany, (“CBRE”) in accordance with IFRS, the International Standards for the Valuation of 
Real Estate for Investment Purposes and the RICS Valuation – Global Standards (2020) of the Royal Institution of Chartered 
Surveyors concerning the value of the Group’s real estate portfolio on pages V-1 et seq. (“Valuation Report”). CBRE is not 
a company that is regulated by any regulatory authority; however, in its valuation department it employs amongst other 
members of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS), and valuers certified by HypZert GmbH. 
For information on CBRE independence, see “1.9 Compliance with Valuation Standards” on page V-6 of the Valuation Report. 
The Valuation Report was prepared at the request of the Issuer. The Issuer declares that CBRE, who approved the content of 
the Valuation Report, also consented to the form and context in which the Valuation Report is included in this Base Prospectus. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes issued under this Programme are outstanding (and in the case of the following items (i) and (iii), for 
a period of at least ten years commencing with the publication of this Base Prospectus), electronic versions of the following 
documents are available on the Issuer's website: 
(i) This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
“https://ir.howoge.de/download/companies/howoge/CorporateGovernance/Howoge_Articles_of_Association.pdf”); 
(iii) the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the 
section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu) and on the website of HOWOGE 
(https://www.howoge.de). 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant 
to § 13 of the Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
Third Party Information  
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into and form part of this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
Unaudited IFRS Interim Financial Statements 2021: 
 
Consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 4 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position on page 5-6 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 7 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows on page 8 
 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements on page 9-40 
(ii) 
Audited IFRS Financial Statements 2020: 
 
Consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 4 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position on page 5-6 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 7 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows on page 8 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements on page 11-83 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on page 84-88 
(iii) Audited IFRS Financial Statements 2019: 
 
Consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 3 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position on page 4-5 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 6 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flow on page 7-8 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements on page 11-99 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on page 100-103 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered 
office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.howoge.de) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Unaudited IFRS Interim Financial Statements 2021: 
https://ir.howoge.de/download/companies/howoge/Quarterly%20Reports/IFRS_Financial_Statement_Jun_2021_T
ranslation_EY_final_v2.pdf 
2. 
Audited IFRS Financial Statements 2020: 
https://ir.howoge.de/download/companies/howoge/Annual%20Reports/IFRS_Financial_Statement_2020_Translati
on_incl_Independent_Auditor.pdf 
3. 
Audited IFRS Financial Statements 2019: 
https://ir.howoge.de/download/companies/howoge/Annual%20Reports/IFRS_Financial_Statement_2019_Translati
on_incl_Independent_Auditor.pdf

--- Page 191 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-1 
 
 
VALUATION REPORT 
in the form of a condensed valuation report (“Valuation Report”) of the determination of Fair Value carried out by 
CBRE in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the International Standards for the 
Valuation of Real Estate for Investment Purposes (“International Valuation Standards”) and the RICS Valuation – 
Global Standards (2020) (“Red Book”) of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, that relates to the base 
prospectus (the “Prospectus”) relating to the issue of unsubordinated bearer notes by HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH (the “Company”) and the listing of such notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". 
The Valuation Report as at 30 June 2021 covers a total of 1,176 valuation units, thereof 1,174 valuation units located 
in Berlin, one in Strausberg and one in Hoppegarten in the federal state of Brandenburg. The portfolio mainly consists 
of properties held for investment (1,119 valuation units), properties in the course of development (14 valuation units) 
and development sites (43 valuation units). The properties held for investment include a total of 65,026 residential 
units (of which 1,748 are under public rent control), 1,035 commercial units, 10,861 parking lots and 1,178 
miscellaneous units (e.g. antennas, advertisements, etc.). The total lettable area of the portfolio adds up to 
4,131,719 sqm. The area is split into 3,982,402 sqm residential area and 149,317 sqm commercial area. The vacancy 
rate in relation to the residential and commercial space accounts to approximately 1.6% (66,025 sqm). The regional 
focus of the portfolio within Berlin (by share of Gross Rental Income of the valuation unit / properties held for 
investment) is the district of Lichtenberg with approximately 85.6%. 
  
Date of Valuation: 
30 June 2021  
 
 
Date of Valuation Report: 
15 October 2021 
 
Valuer: 
 
CBRE GmbH 
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60312 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany 
“CBRE“ 
 
Addressee: 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH 
Stefan-Heym-Platz 1 
10367 Berlin (the „Company“) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CBRE is a "Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung" (limited liability company), registered under commercial law in Germany under the company 
registration number 13347. The German company CBRE GmbH was established on April 3, 1973 and has its registered office at Große Gallusstraße 
18, 60312 Frankfurt/Main, Germany.  
CBRE is not a company that is regulated by any regulatory authority; however, in its valuation department it employs amongst other members of 
the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS), and valuers certified by HypZert GmbH.

--- Page 192 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-2 
 
 
MARKET CONDITIONS 
Market Conditions - Novel Coronavirus (COVID 19) 
The outbreak of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), declared by the World Health Organisation as a “Global 
Pandemic” on the 11th March 2020, continues to impact many aspects of daily life and the global economy – with 
some real estate markets having experienced lower levels of transactional activity and liquidity. Travel, movement 
and operational restrictions have been implemented by many countries. In some cases, “lockdowns” have been applied 
– in varying degrees – to reflect further ‘waves’ of COVID-19. While these may imply a new stage of the crisis, they 
are not unprecedented in the same way as the initial impact.  
The pandemic and the measures taken to tackle COVID-19 continue to affect economies and real estate markets 
globally. Nevertheless, as at the valuation date, property markets are mostly functioning again, with transaction 
volumes and other relevant evidence at levels where enough market evidence exists upon which to base opinions of 
value. Accordingly – and for the avoidance of doubt – our valuation is not reported as being subject to ‘material 
valuation uncertainty’, as defined by VPS 3 and VPGA 10 of the RICS Valuation – Global Standards.  
For the avoidance of doubt this explanatory note has been included to ensure transparency and to provide further 
insight as to the market context under which the valuation opinion was prepared. In recognition of the potential for 
market conditions to move rapidly in response to changes in the control or future spread of COVID-19, we highlight 
the importance of the valuation date. 
In the case of development valuations, we would draw your attention to the fact that, even in normal market conditions, 
the residual method of valuation is very sensitive to changes in key inputs, with small changes in variables (such as 
the timing of the development, finance/construction costs and sales rates) having a disproportionate effect on land 
value.  Consequently, in the current market conditions – with the potential for cost inflation, supply and timing issues, 
fluctuating finance rates, liquidity issues and reduced transactional volumes – it is inevitable that there is even greater 
uncertainty, with site values being susceptible to much more variance than normal. In the case of secured lending, the 
Bank should take these factors into account in making its lending decision/assessing the loan-to-value ratio. 
 
Rental Income 
The valuation we have provided reflects the rental income as at the date of valuation, as set out within this report, 
which the Company have confirmed to be correct and comprehensive. It also reflects any issues concerning the 
anticipated cash-flow that the Company have advised us of, as set out within this report. Given the uncertainties 
relating to the Covid-19 virus and the current restrictions on business activities, it is likely that there will be significant 
rental defaults and/or insolvencies leading to voids and a resulting shortfall in rental income. Should this occur, there 
will be a negative impact on the value of the subject property.

--- Page 193 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-3 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE VALUATION CONCLUSIONS 
Upon the assumption that, after reasonable inquiry of the Company, there are no onerous restrictions or unusual 
outgoings of which we have no knowledge and based on the specific comments and assumptions set out in this 
Valuation Report, we are of the opinion that the aggregate of the individual Fair Values (net) of the freehold / ground-
leasehold interests in the assets in the portfolio, rounded on asset-by-asset basis, as at 30 June 2021 and held as at that 
date, is: 
11,163,352,700 EUR 
(eleven billion, one hundred and sixty-three million, three hundred and fifty-two-thousand, seven hundred 
Euros) 
 
The portfolio’s total Fair Value is composed as follows: 
 
 
 
The unrounded net capital value for the properties held for investment is 10,844,261,939 EUR. This also include 
VU_14563 Frankfurter Allee 218 and VU_14587 Im Lindenhof  21, 30 which are partly under construction (see 3.4.20 
Other Influences). The unrounded gross capital value is 11,709,768,937 EUR including 865,506,997 EUR purchaser’s 
costs (8.0%). 
The assessment of the Fair Value was carried on an asset-by-asset basis. The aggregation of the individual Fair Values 
presented here takes account of the marketing period and the transaction costs of the individual assets and does not 
reflect any discounts or premiums on the sales of the whole portfolio or if part of the portfolio were to be marketed 
simultaneously or in lots. 
The valuation units are all freehold-equivalent, with the exception of three valuation units (properties held for 
investment) held on heritable building rights/ ground leases, where HOWOGE is the ground leaseholder.  
The Fair Value of the valuation units affected by this account to 49,490,000 EUR which is approximately 0.4% of the 
portfolio’s total Fair Value, including properties in the course of development and development sites. 
There are no negative values to report. 
CBRE has not been engaged to update the CBRE valuation for the purpose of the Prospectus, has no obligation to do 
so and has not updated the CBRE valuation after the date of valuation, 30 June 2021. 
 
 
Type
Valuation approach
Fair Value in Euro
Share in Fair Value
Properties held for investment
DCF
10,844,423,700
97.1%
Development sites
Comparison Method
159,529,000
1.4%
Properties in the course of development
Residual Method
159,400,000
1.4%
Total
11,163,352,700
100.0%

--- Page 194 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-4 
 
 
 
The following table shows aggregated key asset data for the portfolio (properties held for investment): 
 
Fair Value 
Total lettable area: 
10,844,423,700 EUR 
4,131,719 sqm 
Average Fair Value per sqm lettable area: 
2,625 EUR 
 
 
Current annual rental income (gross): 
313,284,674 EUR 
Potential annual rental income (gross): 
320,416,560 EUR 
Annual market rent (gross): 
379,340,179 EUR 
 
 
Multiplier (based on current rent): 
34.6 times 
Multiplier (based on potential rent): 
33.8 times 
Multiplier (based on market rent): 
28.6 times 
 
 
Net initial yield (based on current rent): 
2.15% 
Net initial yield (based on potential rent): 
2.23% 
Net initial yield (based on market rent): 
2.73% 
 
 
 
Our opinion of “Fair Value” is based upon the scope of work and valuation assumptions as detailed in Part 3 
“Explanation of Valuation” and Part 4 “Valuation Conclusions” of this Valuation Report and has been derived mainly 
using recent comparable market evidence on arm’s length terms.

--- Page 195 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-5 
 
 
1 
BASIS OF VALUATION 
1.1 
Preamble 
With the exception of twelve valuation units (hereinafter referred to as the "Acquisition Properties I"), CBRE GmbH 
("CBRE") has previously valued the Portfolio as at the valuation dates 31 December 2017, 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019 acting as subcontractor, together with Ernst & Young Real Estate GmbH ("EY RE"), to Ernst & 
Young Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("EY").  
Furthermore, CBRE has valued the entire portfolio as of the valuation date 31 December 2020 with the exception of 
three valuation units (hereinafter referred to as “Acquisition Properties II”). 
The valuation services provided by CBRE in the context of the above-mentioned subcontractor relationship as well 
as all findings, information and work resulting therefrom shall be understood as "previous valuation" in the following 
report. 
 
1.2 
Instruction 
CBRE has been appointed to undertake a Fair Value valuation of the Company’s assets held as at 30 June 2021 and 
to prepare a valuation report.   
The valuation is based on the information provided for previous valuations mentioned in the preamble and on current 
data provided by the Company as at the valuation date 30 June 2021. 
 
1.3 
Purpose of Valuation 
We acknowledge that our Valuation Report will be used by the Company as one of many sources for the determination 
of the Fair Value of its properties as part of the Prospectus that relates to the issue of unsubordinated bearer notes by 
the Company and the listing of such notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market "Bourse de 
Luxembourg". 
The Valuation Report complies with the legal requirements, in particular the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation), Article 39 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the Delegated Regulation) and the paragraphs 128 to 130 of 
the “updated recommendations of the Committee of European Securities Regulators’ (CESR) for the consistent 
implementation of the Commission Regulation (EC) no. 809/2004 of 20 March 2013” by the European Securities and 
Market Authority (ESMA) (as now applicable to the Prospectus Regulation). 
 
1.4 
Addressee 
The present Valuation Report is addressed to:  
 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH, Stefan-Heym-Platz 1, 10367 Berlin 
 
 
1.5 
Publication 
Subject to CBRE’s prior written consent, CBRE acknowledges and agrees that the Valuation Report will be published 
in an unabbreviated form in the Prospectus and will be referred to in marketing and other materials prepared in the 
context of the placement of fixed rate notes by Company and the listing of such notes on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". 
The Prospectus will be accessible to potential Investors on the Company’s website. Apart from that, neither the whole 
nor any part of our Valuation Report nor any references thereto may be included in any published document, circular 
statement nor published in any way without our prior written approval of the form and context in which it will appear.

--- Page 196 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-6 
 
 
1.6 
Date of Valuation 
The valuation date is 30 June 2021. 
 
1.7 
Subject Assets 
In 
accordance 
with the 
valuation instructions, the 
subject 
of the 
valuation is 
HOWOGE 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH’s assets held as at 30 June 2021 and comprises a total of 1,176 valuation units, thereof 
1,174 valuation units located in Berlin, one in Strausberg and one in Hoppegarten in the federal state of Brandenburg. 
The portfolio mainly consists of properties held for investment (1,119 valuation units), properties in the course of 
development (14 valuation units) and development sites (43 valuation units). The properties held for investment 
include a total of 65,026 residential units (of which 1,748 are under public rent control), 1,035 commercial units, 
10,861 parking lots and 1,178 miscellaneous units (e.g. antennas, advertisements, etc.). The total lettable area of the 
portfolio adds up to 4,131,719 sqm. The area is split into 3,982,402 sqm residential area and 149,317 sqm commercial 
area. The vacancy rate in relation to the residential and commercial space accounts to approximately 1.6% 
(66,025 sqm). The regional focus of the portfolio within Berlin (by share of Gross Rental Income of the valuation unit 
/ properties held for investment) is the district of Lichtenberg with approximately 85.6%. 
 
1.8 
Tenure  
1.8.1 
Freehold (Eigentum)  
1,163 of the 1,176 valuation units are freehold-equivalent (full- or part ownership).  
20 of the 1,163 freehold-equivalent valuation units are divided into condominiums in accordance with the German 
Condominium Act (“Wohneigentumsgesetz - WEG”).  
 
1.8.2 
Heritable Building Right/ Ground Lease (Erbbaurecht) 
According to the information provided three valuation units are held on heritable building rights/ ground leases where 
HOWOGE acts as ground leaseholder. One of these three valuation units is divided into condominiums in accordance 
with the German Condominium Act (“Wohneigentumsgesetz - WEG”). The proportion of the three valuation units 
where HOWOGE is the ground leaseholder accounts for approximately 0.4% (49,490,000 EUR) of the portfolio’s 
total Fair Value, including properties in the course of development and development sites. 
According to the information provided nine valuation units are encumbered by ground leases to third parties meaning 
that HOWOGE is the freeholder and the ground lease is held by another party. For these nine valuation units the 
aggregate Fair Value accounts to 1,829,000 EUR.  
Furthermore, there is one valuation unit held on heritable building rights/ ground leases where HOWOGE also holds 
a ground leasehold interest, with the freehold and ground leasehold being unmerged.  
 
1.9 
Compliance with Valuation Standards 
This valuation has been prepared in accordance with the RICS Valuation – Global Standards 2020 (the “Red Book”) 
(effective from 31 January 2020), published by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. The property details on 
which each valuation is based are as set out in this report. 
The guidelines of the International Valuation Standards Council (IVSC) correspond to the guidelines of the RICS with 
respect to the definition and interpretation of market value. 
We confirm that we have sufficient current local and national knowledge of the particular property market involved 
and have the skills and understanding to undertake the valuation competently. 
Where the knowledge and skill requirements of The Red Book have been met in aggregate by more than one valuer 
within CBRE, we confirm that a list of those valuers has been retained within the working papers, together with 
confirmation that each named valuer complies with the requirements of The Red Book.

--- Page 197 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-7 
 
 
This valuation is a professional opinion and is expressly not intended to serve as a guarantee of any particular value 
of the subject property. Other valuers may reach different conclusions as to the value of the subject property. This 
valuation is for the sole purpose of providing the intended user with the Valuer’s independent professional opinion of 
the value of the subject property as at the valuation date. 
 
1.10 
Capital Values 
The valuation has been prepared on the basis of “Fair Value” according to IAS 40 in connection with IFRS 13.9 of 
the “International Financial Reporting Standards” which has been published by the “International Accounting 
Standards Board” (IASB) and is defined as:  
“The price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date.”  
“Fair Value” is effectively the same as “Market Value” according to Valuation Practise Statements (VPS) 4 of the 
RICS Valuation Global Standards (2020) which is defined as:  
“The estimated amount for which an asset or liability should exchange on the valuation date between a willing buyer 
and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing and where the parties had each acted 
knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion”. 
 
1.11 
Currency 
The currency used in the Valuation Report is Euro (EUR). 
 
1.12 
Documents and Information provided 
This valuation has been substantially and mainly based upon the information supplied to us within the current as well 
as within the previous valuations (see Preamble) by the Company or third parties instructed by the Company as well 
as on the inspection of the properties within the current and the previous valuations. 
We have adopted the information and findings from the previous valuations in the current valuation. CBRE has 
assumed that it was provided with all information and documents that were relevant to CBRE in carrying out this 
valuation report. We have assumed that the information and documentation had unrestricted validity and relevance as 
at the date of valuation. 
 
1.13 
Deleterious Material etc. 
Since no information to the contrary has been brought to our attention, we have assumed that there are no building 
materials or structures and no characteristics of the sites that could endanger or have a deleterious effect on either the 
fitness of the subject properties for its purpose or the health of its occupiers and users. Common examples include 
high alumina cement concrete, calcium chloride, asbestos and wood wool as permanent shuttering. 
 
1.14 
Site Conditions 
We did not carry out investigations on site in order to determine the suitability of ground conditions and services, nor 
did we undertake environmental, archaeological, or geotechnical surveys. Unless notified to the contrary, our 
valuations were carried out on the basis that these aspects are satisfactory and also that the site is clear of underground 
mineral or other workings, methane gas, or other noxious substances. 
In the case of a property which may have redevelopment potential, we have assumed that the site has load bearing 
capacity suitable for the anticipated form of redevelopment without the need for additional and expensive foundations 
or drainage systems. Furthermore, we have assumed in such circumstances that no unusual costs will be incurring in 
the demolition and removal of any existing structure on the property.

--- Page 198 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-8 
 
 
1.15 
Environmental Contamination 
If no information to the contrary has been brought to our attention, we have assumed that the subject properties are 
not contaminated and that no contaminative or potentially contaminative use is, or has ever been, carried out at the 
properties. If no information to the contrary has been brought to our attention, we are not aware of any environmental 
audit or other environmental investigations or soil surveys which may have been carried out on the properties and 
which may draw attention to any contamination or the possibility of any such contamination. 
As we had not been specifically instructed, we have not undertaken any investigation into the past or present uses of 
either the properties or any adjoining or nearby land, to establish whether there is any potential for contamination from 
these uses and assume that none exists. 
Should it, however, be subsequently established that such contamination exists at the properties or on any adjoining 
land or that any premises have been or are being put to contaminative use, this may have a detrimental effect on the 
value reported. 
We have received a property list by the Company with brief information concerning potentially contaminated sites. 
Based on this information some valuation units are listed in the register of potentially contaminated sites. There is 
currently no indication that these sites pose a threat to public health or unacceptable conditions due to substances 
hazardous to the environment. We must point out that findings of contaminations might lead to an effect on value in 
the event of future structural alterations: These have not been taken into account in the present valuation. We assume 
there is no effect on value and that the information provided by the Company is correct and up-to-date. Furthermore, 
we assume that the current use of the properties will continue to be viable in the medium to long term and therefore 
that no construction works will be necessary.  
For some valuation units we have not received further information concerning potentially contaminated sites. We have 
assumed that the subject properties are free from contamination and that the present and previous uses do not indicate 
a substantial potential for contamination. 
For the valuation of the undeveloped sites and demolition properties, we were provided with information on the 
amount of costs for the removal of contaminated sites within the previous valuation. We have taken these costs into 
account in our current valuation.  
 
1.16 
Legal Requirements / Consents and Authorisation for the Use of the Property  
No investigation of the compliance of the properties with legal requirements (including (permanent) planning consent, 
building permit, acceptance, restrictions, building, fire, health and safety regulations etc.) or with any existing private-
law provisions or agreements relating to the existence and use of the site and building has been carried out.  
In preparing our valuation, we have assumed that all necessary consents and authorisations for the use of the properties 
and the processes carried out at the properties are in existence, will continue to subsist and are not subject to any 
onerous conditions.  
 
1.17 
Taxes, Contributions, Charges  
We have assumed that all public taxes, contributions, charges etc. which could have an impact on value will have been 
levied and paid as at the date of valuation. 
 
1.18 
Insurance Policy  
We have assumed that the subject properties are covered by a valid insurance policy that is adequate both in terms of 
the sum assured and the types of potential loss covered.  
 
1.19 
Town Planning and Road Proposals 
We have not undertaken planning enquiries but have relied upon the information provided where appropriate. For the 
purposes of our valuation we assumed that there are no adverse town planning, highways or other schemes or proposals 
that will have a detrimental impact on our valuations.

--- Page 199 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-9 
 
 
1.20 
Statements by Public Officials  
In accordance with established legal practice, we have not regarded statements by public officials, particularly 
regarding factual information, as binding. CBRE does not assume any liability for the application of any such 
statements or information in the subject appraisal report.  
 
1.21 
Assumptions regarding the Future  
For the purpose of determining the Fair Value of the subject properties, we have assumed that the existing business 
will continue (as regards both manner and extent of usage of the subject properties) for the remainder of the useful 
life determined for the buildings, or that comparable businesses would be available to take over the use of the subject 
properties.  
 
1.22 
Tenants  
No investigations have been carried out concerning either the status of payments of any contractually agreed rent or 
ground rent at the date of valuation, or of the creditworthiness of any tenant(s). Since no information to the contrary 
has been brought to our attention, we have assumed that there are no outstanding rental payments and that there are 
no reservations concerning the creditworthiness of any of the tenants. 
 
1.23 
Pending Litigation, Legal Restrictions (Easements on Real Estate, Rent Regulation etc.)  
Since no information to the contrary has been brought to our attention, we have assumed that the properties are free 
from any pending litigation, that the ownership is unencumbered and that there are no other legal restrictions such as 
easements on real estate, rent regulations, restrictive covenants in leases or other outgoings which might adversely 
affect value. Further information on existing easements can be found under the heading 3.4.16. 
Important: Should any of the information or assumptions on which the valuation is based be subsequently found 
incorrect or incomplete, our calculations may need to be amended and the valuation figure may also be incorrect and 
should be re-evaluated. We therefore cannot accept any liability for the correctness of this assessment or for any loss 
or damage resulting there from. 
 
1.24 
Verification 
We recommend that before any financial transaction is entered into based upon these valuations, you obtain 
verification of the information contained within our valuation statement and the validity of the assumptions we have 
adopted.  
We would advise you that whilst we have valued the properties reflecting current market conditions, there are certain 
risks, which may be or may become uninsurable. Before undertaking any financial transaction based upon this 
valuation, you should satisfy yourselves as to the current insurance cover and the risks that may be involved should 
an uninsured loss occur. 
 
1.25 
Conflict of Interest 
We hereby confirm that we have no existing potential conflict of interest in providing the valuation report, either with 
the Company or with the properties.  
Furthermore, we confirm that we will not benefit (other than from receipt of the valuation fee) from this valuation 
instruction. 
 
1.26 
Assignment of Rights 
The Addressee of the Valuation Report is not entitled to assign its rights - either in whole or in part - to third parties. 
 
1.27 
Place of Performance and Jurisdiction 
German law applies. The place of performance and jurisdiction is Frankfurt am Main.

--- Page 200 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-10 
 
 
 
1.28 
Declaration of Independence 
We hereby confirm that to the best of our knowledge and belief CBRE GmbH has carried out the assessment of Fair 
Value in its capacity as an external valuer as defined by the RICS Valuation – Global Standards. We further confirm 
that CBRE is not aware of any actual or potential conflict of interest that might have influenced its independent status. 
This declaration also includes all other departments of CBRE GmbH, including the investment and agency 
departments. 
It is expected that the total fees, including the fee for this engagement, received by CBRE GmbH from the Company 
will be less than 2% of CBRE GmbH's total German revenues in the financial year 2021. We confirm that we have no 
material interest in Howoge or the Assets. 
 
2 
ASSET HOLDINGS 
The geographical distribution of all valuation units (1,176 valuation units) as well as the proportional distribution of 
the lettable area, rental income and reported values by regional focus (districts) within Berlin or the federal state of 
Brandenburg (weighted by Gross Rental Income) of the properties held for investment (1,119 valuation units) are 
shown in the following chapters. 
 
2.1 
Geographic Distribution 
The valuation units are spread across the federal states Berlin and Brandenburg. The regional focus of the portfolio 
within Berlin (share of Gross Rental Income of the valuation unit / properties held for investment) is the district of 
Lichtenberg with approximately 85.6%. 
The following map shows the distribution of the 1,176 valuation units:

--- Page 201 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-11 
 
 
2.2 
Fair Value (EUR) by Berlin District / Town 
The total Fair Value of the properties held for investment amounts to 10,844,423,700 EUR. Lichtenberg has the largest 
proportion (85.2%) with an aggregate Fair Value of 9,241,759,000 EUR. It is followed by Pankow with 552,214,700 
EUR (5.1%) and Marzahn-Hellersdorf with 433,300,000 EUR (4.0%). Strausberg in the federal state Brandenburg 
has the smallest proportion (remaining locations) with 0.02% (2,420,000 EUR). 
 
 
 
2.3 
Fair Value per Lettable Area (EUR per sqm) by Berlin District / Town 
The chart below shows the Fair Value per sqm lettable area by regional focus for the properties held for investment. 
The average Fair Value per sqm of the portfolio amounts to 2,625 EUR. The highest average Fair Value per sqm 
(3,920 EUR) is in the district Mitte (remaining locations). Strausberg (remaining locations) is the location with the 
lowest average Fair Value per sqm (1,798 EUR).

--- Page 202 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-12 
 
 
2.4 
Total Lettable Area (sqm) by Berlin District / Town 
The total lettable area of the portfolio (properties held for investment) amounts to 4,131,719 sqm. With 3,517,305 sqm 
the properties located in Lichtenberg have the largest proportion, accounting for 85.1% of the portfolio’s total area. 
Approximately 5.5% of the total area is located in Pankow (228,449 sqm) and 4.4% in Marzahn-Hellersdorf 
(182,141 sqm). Strausberg has the smallest proportion (remaining locations) with 0.03% (1,346 sqm). 
 
 
 
2.5 
Current Gross Rental Income (EUR p.a.) by Berlin District / Town 
The current annual Gross Rental Income (current rent per month according to tenancy schedule x 12) of the portfolio 
(properties held for investment) amounts to 313,284,674 EUR. The properties located in Lichtenberg have the highest 
proportion of the Current Gross Rental Income (268,142,209 EUR). Pankow is the location with the second largest 
proportion of the Gross Rental Income (16,361,797 EUR), followed by Marzahn-Hellersdorf (12,365,238 EUR). 
Strausberg has the smallest proportion (remaining locations) with 0.03% (104,082 EUR).

--- Page 203 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-13 
 
 
2.6 
Vacancy Rate by Berlin District / Town 
The average vacancy rate of the portfolio is 1.6%. The properties located in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg (remaining 
locations) have the highest average vacancy rate (13.6%). The properties located in Steglitz-Zehlendorf, Hoppegarten 
(federal state Brandenburg) and Strausberg (federal state Brandenburg) are fully let. The properties located in 
Lichtenberg, the location with the highest proportion of Fair Value, have an average vacancy rate of 1.4%.  
 
 
 
2.7 
Portfolio Breakdown 
The following table shows the breakdown of the valuation of the properties held for investment by districts of Berlin 
or town in Brandenburg, as applicable.  
 
 
 
 
District of Berlin / Town
Residential 
Units
Commercial 
Units
Total Area
Vacancy Rate
GRI
on Current
GRI
on Market
Fair Value
Total 
Fair Value
per sqm
sq m
%
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR/sqm
Lichtenberg
55,148
927
3,517,305
1.4%
268,142,209
322,437,854
9,241,759,000
2,628
Pankow
3,774
15
228,449
2.6%
16,361,797
19,898,314
552,214,700
2,417
Marzahn-Hellersdorf
2,906
11
182,141
1.3%
12,365,238
14,943,141
433,300,000
2,379
Treptow-Köpenick
1,598
22
98,452
1.8%
8,072,954
9,884,719
281,940,000
2,864
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg
628
36
44,350
13.6%
3,594,704
5,328,008
148,990,000
3,359
Tempelhof-Schöneberg
288
8
18,001
2.1%
1,327,839
1,782,344
50,100,000
2,783
Mitte
207
8
12,704
0.9%
1,141,300
1,885,642
49,800,000
3,920
Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
128
4
7,908
3.7%
647,839
972,554
26,430,000
3,342
Spandau
155
4
10,102
11.8%
661,398
946,491
24,210,000
2,397
Steglitz-Zehlendorf
45
0
3,381
0.0%
251,769
400,009
11,830,000
3,499
Reinickendorf
52
0
3,018
3.1%
230,014
286,168
7,860,000
2,605
Hoppegarten (Brandenburg)
36
0
2,500
0.0%
223,808
253,335
7,020,000
2,808
Neukölln
42
0
2,064
2.3%
159,723
198,153
6,550,000
3,173
Strausberg (Brandenburg)
19
0
1,346
0.0%
104,082
123,447
2,420,000
1,798
Total
65,026
1,035
4,131,719
1.6%
313,284,674
379,340,179
10,844,423,700
2,625

--- Page 204 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-14 
 
 
3 
EXPLANATION OF VALUATION 
3.1 
Inspections 
In accordance with the Company’s instruction, the valuation of the assets has been carried out at an individual asset 
level. For the purpose of the inspections we summarized the assets into homogeneous clusters. The cluster criteria 
were location and situation, type of assets and date of construction. 
For the inspections, a reference asset was selected from each cluster, on the basis of the desktop analysis and the 
information available. 
During our inspections, we verified that each of the buildings of the valuation clusters were internally consistent and 
checked whether adjoining buildings had homogeneous characteristics that could enable them to be summarized. 
Internal and external parking units and other rent-earning units such as antennas are part of a building unit, except if 
they are economically independent units. 
At cluster level, we made an assessment of the situation (“micro location”), the quality level according to the local 
rental table, the condition of the buildings (asset score) and the typical condition of the apartments, as a basis of our 
allowances for regular maintenance and tenant improvement costs. 
At asset level, the basis of valuation calculations, we took individual account of asset-specific parameters such as 
administration costs, structural vacancy, current rent, market rent, public subsidy (if any), ground leases (where 
appropriate) and relevant entries in section II of the land register. 
As part of the previous valuations, all valuation units except for the valuation units that are alienated on heritable 
building rights were inspected by means of homogeneous inspection clusters (full inspection and external inspection). 
The inspections took place between 6 October 2020 and 19 January 2021. In total, approximately 2/3 of the portfolio 
properties were inspected internally and externally (full inspection), measured in terms of the current Gross Rental 
Income.  
Drive-by inspections of the three acquisition properties (see Preamble Acquisition Properties II) took place on 6 July 
2021. 
The proportion of the fully inspected valuation units amounts to approximately 60% of the portfolio’s total Fair Value. 
CBRE had access to the subject properties in order to carry out the inspections. We have not carried out any building 
surveys. The properties have not been measured as part of CBRE’s inspection nor have the services or other 
installations been tested. All of CBRE’s conclusions resulting from the inspection are based purely on visual 
investigations without any assertion as to their completeness. 
 
3.2 
Methods of Valuation 
3.2.1 
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) 
The determination of the Fair Value of the individual assets has been carried out using the internationally recognised 
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) method. This method, which is based on dynamic investment calculations, allows 
valuation parameters to be reflected explicitly and, therefore, combines a transparent arithmetical determination of 
Market Value with comparison elements (in relation to market rents, costs, Fair Value etc.). In the DCF method, the 
future income and expenditure flows associated with the subject asset are explicitly forecasted over a 10-year period 
of detailed consideration, assuming a letting scenario which does not take into account any potential privatisations of 
individual apartments. The cash-flows calculated for the period of detailed consideration are discounted, monthly in 
advance, to the date of valuation, allowing the effect on the current Market Value of the receipts and payments at 
varying dates during the 10-year period to be properly reflected.  
The discount rate chosen reflects not only the market situation, location, condition and letting situation of the asset 
and the yield expectations of a potential investor but also the level of security of the forecast future cash-flows. As the 
discounting process means that the effect of future cash-flows reduces in importance while at the same time the 
uncertainty of forecasting tends to increase over time, it is usual in real estate investment considerations for the

--- Page 205 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-15 
 
 
sustainable net rental income after a ten-year time horizon (the period of detailed consideration) to be capitalised, 
using a growth-implicit yield, and then discounted to the date of valuation.  
The assumptions adopted in the valuation model reflect the average estimates based on comparable data (if available) 
that would be made at the respective date of valuation by investors active in the market. The result of the DCF method 
is, therefore, the price that a relevant investor in the market would be prepared to pay for the asset at the respective 
date of valuation, in order to achieve a return from the proposed investment that is in line with present asset market 
expectations. 
 
3.2.2 
Residual Method 
The residual approach is used to estimate the value of development land as a complement to, and/or in the absence of 
sufficient empirical evidence for, the use of the sales comparison approach.  
The underlying implementation of the residual approach implies that the construction costs including the ancillary 
costs of the development are accrued on a s-curve basis between the start of construction and date of completion. We 
assume that the capital employed to cover construction costs including ancillary costs will be recovered from the 
proceeds of sale of the completed redevelopment, determined using the discounted cash-flow analysis. Also deducted 
from the sales proceeds are finance costs, marketing costs, an allowance for contingencies, and developer’s profit.  
The cost of financing the development is calculated using compound interest, at the weighted average cost of capital. 
Marketing costs are assumed to be incurred at the end of the construction phase. Developer’s profit is calculated either 
as a proportion of sales proceeds as determined by the income capitalisation approach or alternatively as a percentage 
of the total costs of the project. The result of this calculation is the residual amount that could be paid for the site, 
including finance on borrowed capital (“Residuum I”). 
The cost of financing the site, calculated at compound interest over the period from the valuation date to the estimated 
date of sale using the weighted average cost of capital, are deducted from this amount. After deducting purchaser’s 
costs, the final result is the net residual value (“Residuum II”): i.e. the amount that the developer could afford to pay 
for the site. 
 
3.2.3 
Comparison Method 
The land value of undeveloped and developed land was primarily determined using the comparison approach. In this 
valuation method, the comparative price is determined based on a sufficient number of comparable properties that 
have similar characteristics to those of the property being valued. As part of the land value determination, the land 
value can also be determined on the basis of suitable standard land values. According to Section 196 of the German 
Building Act (BauGB), standard land values are to be determined on an area-wide basis and as defined in Section 16 
of the German Real Estate Valuation Regulation (ImmoWertV), are suitable if the characteristics of the land used as 
a basis for the standard value sufficiently match the characteristics of the land to be valued. Considering the specific 
real estate characteristics of the property to be valued, adjustments can be made on the basis of the standard land value 
for, among other things, property utilization and/or property size. Furthermore, additions or deductions can be made 
for the structural maturity and the possible use as well as for the probability of development and the development 
situation, and effects on the land value due to encumbrances and restrictions can be taken into account. 
Leaseholds granted are valued as encumbered land or like undeveloped land, using an indirect comparative approach. 
The value of the ground lease is composed of the discounted land value over the term of the ground lease and the 
capitalized agreed ground rent. The input parameters here are the term of the ground lease, the amount of the agreed 
ground rent, and the land value of the properties. 
 
3.2.4 
Rental Values 
Rental values indicated in this Valuation Report are those, which have been adopted by us as appropriate in assessing 
the capital value or the letting potential of the properties, subject to market conditions that are either current or 
expected in the short term. They are mainly based on recent lease agreements within the properties, the legal 
framework, our experience of the markets and our knowledge of actual comparable market activity.

--- Page 206 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-16 
 
 
3.3 
General Valuation Assumptions 
3.3.1 
The Properties 
Landlord’s fixtures such as lifts, escalators, central heating and other standard service installations have been treated 
as an integral part of the building and are included within our valuations. Tenant-specific process plant and machinery, 
tenants’ fixtures and specialist trade fittings have been excluded from our valuations. 
 
3.3.2 
Repair and Condition 
Our scope of work did not include any of the following services in any part of the property: 
 
building surveys 
 
testing of services 
 
independent site investigations 
 
inspection of woodwork 
 
exposition of parts of the structure which were covered, unexposed or inaccessible 
 
arrangement of investigations to be carried out to determine any deleterious or hazardous materials or 
techniques have been used or are present 
Therefore we are unable to give any assurance that the properties are free from defects. In the absence of any 
information to the contrary, we have assumed that: 
a. there are no abnormal ground conditions, nor archaeological remains, present which might adversely affect 
the current or future occupation, development or value of the properties; 
b. the properties are free from rot, infestation, structural or latent defect; 
c. no currently known deleterious or hazardous materials or suspect techniques, including but not limited to 
Composite Panelling, have been used in the construction of, or subsequent alterations or additions to, the 
properties; and 
d. the services, and any associated controls or software, are in working order and free from defect. 
In a further step, we have taken into account the age and the general condition of the property. Comments made in the 
property details are not intended to express any opinion as to the condition of any uninspected parts or to give any 
advice and shall not be construed as an implied warranty or statement about these parts. 
 
3.3.3 
Floor Areas 
If not otherwise stated, we have not measured the properties but have relied upon the schedules of area that were 
provided to us within the tenancy list. In undertaking our work, we have assumed that these floor areas are correct. 
 
3.3.4 
Title, Tenure, Planning and Lettings 
Unless stated otherwise within this Report and in the absence of any information to the contrary, we have assumed 
that: 
a. the properties possess a good and marketable title free from any onerous or hampering restrictions or 
conditions; 
b. all buildings have been erected either prior to planning control, or in accordance with planning permissions, 
and have the benefit of permanent planning consents or existing use rights for their current use; 
c. the properties are not adversely affected by town planning or road proposals;

--- Page 207 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-17 
 
 
d. all buildings comply with all statutory and local authority requirements including building, fire and health 
and safety regulations; 
e. there are no tenant’s improvements that will materially affect our opinion of the rent that would be obtained 
on review or renewal; 
f. 
tenants will meet their obligations under their leases; 
g. there are no user restrictions or other restrictive covenants in leases which would adversely affect value; 
h. where appropriate, permission to assign the interest being valued herein would not be withheld by the 
landlord where required; and 
i. 
vacant possession can be given of all accommodation which is unlet or is let on a service occupancy. 
 
3.3.5 
Infrastructure and Services 
It is assumed that all the sites are serviced within the meaning of paragraph 123 of the German statutory building code 
(Baugesetzbuch § 123), i.e. that they are connected to the road system, service mains (water, electricity, gas and district 
heat) and sewers (for both waste and surface water) and that refuse collection was provided. 
 
3.3.6 
Taxes, Insurance 
In undertaking our valuation, we have assumed that: 
a. all public taxes, contributions, charges etc. which could have an impact on value will have been levied and 
paid as at the date of valuation. 
b. the subject properties are covered by a valid insurance policy that is adequate both in terms of the sum assured 
and the types of potential loss covered. 
 
3.3.7 
Purchaser’s Costs 
Notary and legal fees: The allowance for each individual property of 0.30% to 1.10% is in line with average costs 
for notarizing a purchase contract (compulsory under German law), land registry costs and miscellaneous legal charges 
and depends on the volume of the individual property. 
Agent’s fees: In the German market it is common for the purchaser to be responsible for paying all or at leas t part of 
the agent’s fees. We have therefore adopted a level for each individual property of 1.00% to 3.00%. 
Land transfer tax: Under German tax law, a transfer tax based on the purchase price has to be paid on property 
purchase. This is generally paid by the purchaser. The tax rate is different in each of the German federal states. At the 
date of valuation the tax rate is 6.00% in Berlin and 6.50% in Brandenburg.

--- Page 208 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-18 
 
 
3.4 
Valuation Parameters - DCF 
The assessment of Fair Value is based on future cash-flows, which reflect normal market expectations taking into 
account past figures from the subject assets or comparable investments. The valuation parameters have been assessed 
by CBRE, using its best judgement, based on the information provided by the Company. 
Under German law, neither management nor maintenance costs are transferable to residential tenants. We have applied 
our considerable property management experience for the purposes of this Valuation. The amounts reflected depend 
on the number of properties or, in the case of maintenance, the age and condition of the buildings. 
 
3.4.1 
Non-Recoverable Management Costs 
Residential leases generally involve non-recoverable management costs. For the purposes of this valuation and on the 
basis of experience of CBRE and an analysis of costs of public and private housing associations, non-recoverable 
management costs have been allowed for at between 215 EUR and 355 EUR per residential unit p.a. (depending on 
the number of residential units in the individual building and the assumed expense).  
The only exceptions to this are two student housing residences (valuation units VU_24056 Röbellweg 26 in 13125 
Berlin and VU_14598 Eichbuschallee 53, 55 in 12437 Berlin) for which we have assumed non-recoverable 
management costs of 450 EUR per unit p.a. 
The weighted average non-recoverable management costs amount to 228 EUR per residential unit p.a. 
For the commercial units we have assumed non-recoverable management costs of 3.00% of the gross rental income 
on potential rent. 
For parking we have assumed non-recoverable management costs of 39 EUR per year per unit (in accordance with 
II. BV “Zweite Berechnungsverordnung”). 
 
3.4.2 
Non-recoverable Costs for regular Maintenance 
The annual costs per square metre of the lettable area adopted for the purposes of this valuation are average figures 
for the types of use concerned, based on the experience by CBRE and the analysis of costs of similar buildings by 
third-party firms. They take into account the necessary cost inputs for long-term operation of the assets. The 
maintenance and repair costs allowed for in the valuation are between 8.25 EUR per sqm p.a. and 13.30 EUR per sqm 
p.a, with a weighted average of 10.45 EUR per sqm p.a. These figures reflect the age and the state of repair of the 
subject properties. The existence of a lift system is taken into account with an additional 1.30 EUR per sqm p.a. For 
listed monuments we assumed an increase of ongoing maintenance costs of 10%. For internal parking 
(garages/underground parking) we have assumed 73.50 EUR per year per unit and for external parking spaces 
31.50 EUR per year per unit. 
According to the information available, the valuation unit VU_24057 (Weserstr. 43, 43a in 10247 Berlin) is subject 
to a land charge for the care and maintenance of the city garden for parcel 349 in section II of land register sheet 
35190N. According to further information, the costs incurred remain with the owner, so that we have reflected this 
circumstance by increased ongoing maintenance costs of 15.00 EUR per sqm per year. 
Another exception to this is the case of the following demolition properties, for which we have taken into account a 
reduced ongoing maintenance cost approach until demolition: 
 
Valuation unit
Residential in EUR/ 
sqm per year
Commercial in EUR/ 
sqm per year
Parking internal in 
EUR/ unit per year
Parking external in 
EUR/ unit per year
VU_14537
n/a
n/a
14.70
6.30
VU_14569
n/a
2.00
n/a
n/a
VU_14582
n/a
2.00
n/a
n/a
VU_14583
n/a
n/a
14.70
6.30
VU_14585
n/a
2.00
n/a
n/a
VU_12838
2.40
2.40
n/a
n/a
VU_12841
2.40
n/a
n/a
n/a
Regular Maintenance

--- Page 209 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-19 
 
 
3.4.3 
Non-recoverable Costs for Tenant Improvements 
Under German law, it is frequently the tenant’s responsibility to carry out decorative and minor repairs.  
However, upon a change in tenants, additional expenses for basic repairs and renovation of the interior of the 
individual rental units must be incurred, e.g. in the bathrooms and kitchens of residential space, to facilitate renewed 
letting. 
For each of the valuation units we have adopted an amount, based on current market experience, for initial 
refurbishments or in case of tenant fluctuation as follows: 
 
35 EUR per sqm on to 115 EUR per sqm for residential space 
 
30 EUR per sqm for retail space 
 
60 EUR per sqm for office space 
 
20 EUR per sqm for other commercial space 
 
In this valuation we have assumed a fluctuation rate for residential area of 6.0% p.a. for Berlin and 10.0% p.a. for 
Strausberg and Hoppegarten in the federal state Brandenburg. 
The only two exceptions are the two student housing residences (valuation units VU_24056 Röbellweg 26 in 13125 
Berlin and VU_14598 Eichbuschallee 53, 55 in 12437 Berlin). Since such properties are typically aimed at short-term 
occupation, we have assumed a higher fluctuation rate of 33.00% for these two valuation units. Further, we have 
assumed a reduced cost approach for initial refurbishments or in case of tenant fluctuation of 15 EUR per sqm p.a. 
Average maintenance costs and costs for tenant improvement for residential area sum up to approximately 14.77 EUR 
per sqm p.a. 
 
3.4.4 
Non-recoverable Service Charges on vacant Space 
This refers to a reserve for costs such as charges that would normally be paid by the tenant such as heating costs, 
property tax but due to the vacancy cannot be recovered. Based on the analysis of the German Tenant Association 
(“Deutscher Mieterbund”) a level of 2.00 EUR per sqm per month has been adopted for vacant residential 
accommodation. For commercial units, a level of 1.00 EUR per sqm per month has been chosen.  
 
3.4.5 
Void Period for currently vacant Space/ Future Void Periods on Re-Letting 
Currently, the portfolio has a weighted average vacancy rate of 1.6% (weighted by area). On re-letting of rental units 
currently occupied as well as for future vacant accommodation, a void period of one to three months for residential 
units (average of approximately 1.05 months) has been assumed. Our assumptions are based on experience of the local 
property market and depend on the quality of situation, the respective condition of the individual property and the 
current rental situation. 
Depending on the quality of situation and the respective property, the character of the commercial unit, the current 
rental situation and the local vacancy rate we have assumed an initial downtime until structural vacancy of six months 
for commercial space. For future vacant accommodation, a void period of six months for commercial units has been 
assumed. 
 
3.4.6 
Deferred Maintenance Costs (structural Costs) 
In addition to the non-recoverable ancillary costs, which are deducted monthly from the gross rental income during 
the period of detailed consideration, capital expenditure on repair and maintenance work already planned at the date 
of valuation has also been reflected. For that, CBRE has not undertaken technical surveys.

--- Page 210 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-20 
 
 
Based on our inspections and the information which we were provided with, the buildings and their technical 
equipment appear to have been regularly maintained. 
For two valuation units VU_27693 (Zerbster Str. 80-104 in 12627 Berlin) and VU_20406 (Rhinstraße 129-135 in 
10315 Berlin) (see Preamble Acquisition properties I) we have adopted outstanding, structural maintenance costs in 
year one based on the information provided by the Company. In total, we have adopted an amount for deferred 
maintenance costs of 11,702,000 EUR in this valuation. 
 
3.4.7 
Structural Vacancy 
Currently, the average vacancy rate for residential area of the portfolio is 1.5% (weighted by area). We are assuming 
that the weighted average vacancy rate for residential area of the portfolio has the potential to decrease to a structural 
vacancy rate of approximately 0.5%. 
In addition to the structural vacancy rate for residential area we have calculated a turnover vacancy between one to 
three months which corresponds to 0.50% to 2.75% on asset level, with an average of approximately 0.5%.  
Taking into account the structural vacancy rate and the re-letting period for vacant space, the average vacancy rate for 
residential space is approximately 1.0 %. 
Commercial-units were not subject to this modelling process. The cash-flow from the commercial units is oriented on 
the lease data. If these were not available, CBRE assumed a remaining lease term of three years (30 June 2024).  
 
3.4.8 
Fluctuation Rate 
We have done an analysis of about 1,000,000 records based on our database. As a result, we found out that there are 
different fluctuation rates in Germany depending on local market conditions. Therefore, we have developed a table 
with different fluctuation rates (range between 6% - 12% p.a.) for all German cities and districts. 
In this valuation we assumed a fluctuation rate for residential area of 6% p.a. for Berlin and 10% p.a. for Strausberg 
and Hoppegarten in the federal state Brandenburg. 
The only two exceptions are the two student housing residences (valuation units VU_24056 Röbellweg 26 in 13125 
Berlin and VU_14598 Eichbuschallee 53,55 in 12437 Berlin).  Since such properties are typically aimed at short-term 
occupation we have assumed a higher fluctuation rate of 33% for these two valuation units. 
 
3.4.9 
Credit Loss 
We have not conducted credit enquiries on the financial status of any tenants. However, we have reflected our general 
understanding of purchasers’ likely perceptions of the financial status of tenants. In the absence of information to the 
contrary, we have assumed that there are no significant rent arrears. 
 
3.4.10 
Inflation and Rental Growth 
Taking explicit account of inflation, we have assumed annual rates of 1.90% in year 1 and 1.80% in year 2. For the 
following years we have also assumed an inflation rate of 2.00%. 
Anticipated growth of residential market rents has been explicitly reflected on a city/ district basis in eight segments 
with rates ranging between 0.30% and 3.00% in year 1 to 5 and with rates ranging between 0.25% and 2.00% in year 
6 to 10 reflecting the following: 
 
household trend in the last 12 years (source: official statistics) 
 
household forecast 2025 (source: official statistics) 
 
purchasing power index, latest available figures (source: gfk Nuremberg)

--- Page 211 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-21 
 
 
 
GDP per capita, latest available figures (source: official statistics) 
 
Prognos Sustainability Rating 
 
Vacancy Index, latest available figures (source: CBRE- Empirica-systeme market database by Value AG) 
 
Residential rental forecast, latest available figures (source: BulwienGesa AG) 
 
CBRE Rental Database 
The base case has been individually adjusted considering the respective situation and property condition. 
 
3.4.11 
Selection of Discount Rate and Capitalisation Rate 
The Capitalisation Rate is derived from the average Net Initial Yield (“NIY”) achieved in comparable transactions 
involving residential properties that were observed by CBRE and reflects the market situation and the yield 
expectations of a potential investor. It includes rental growth assumptions implicitly. The Discount Rate, which 
explicitly reflects rental growth in the cash-flows, is derived from the Capitalisation Rate plus the average rental 
growth assumptions.  
The Discount Rate and Capitalisation Rate are adjusted individually for each local market to be valued, in accordance 
with the following criteria: 
 
Quality of the location 
 
Demand and levels of value in the relevant local real estate market 
 
Prospects for the local market 
 
Development of rents and prices (yield compression) 
The assessment of the Discount Rate and Capitalisation Rate for the individual property involves several components. 
Starting from a basic rate for each location, additions and deductions are made according to various criteria specific 
to the buildings concerned: 
 
Adjustment for commercial proportion 
Commercial proportion up to 
5% 
0.00% 
Commercial proportion up to 
20% 
0.25% 
Commercial proportion up to 
50% 
0.50% 
Commercial proportion above 
50% 
1.00% 
Adjustment for quality of situation 
Very good residential area 
1 
-0.50% 
Good residential area 
2 
-0.25% 
Medium residential area 
3 
0.00% 
Modest residential area 
4 
0.25% 
Adjustment for size of building 
No. of storeys: up to 
4 
0.00% 
No. of storeys: up to 
6 
0.10% 
No. of storeys: more than 
7 
0.20% 
Adjustment for type of building 
Detached house 
1 
-1.00% 
Duplex/semi-detached/terraced house 
2 
-0.75% 
Apartment building 
3 
0.00% 
Other adjustments 
Addition for stove heating 
 
0.40% 
Addition for ground lease 
 
0.25% 
Deduction for new buildings 
 
-0.50% 
 
Additionally, the Discount Rate and Capitalisation Rate can be adjusted individually in accordance with the following

--- Page 212 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-22 
 
 
criteria: 
 
The current letting situation in the property as regards vacancy, over-rented or under-rented status, the quality 
of the tenancy structure, and for commercial leases the remaining lease term, the indexation provisions and 
extension options 
 
The nature of the property, its age, size and condition 
 
Additional risk adjustments to consider uncertainties in the forecasting of future cash-flows 
For example, on the one hand, the limited risk of a lower subsidized rent compared to rents on market level can be 
reflected in a reduced Discount Rate and/or Capitalisation Rate. On the other hand, a current rent above market level 
implies the risk that the current rent cannot be achieved in the future; to reflect this, a risk premium is appropriate and 
required. 
The Capitalisation Rate is used to capitalise the net rental income after the cash-flow period (“Exit Value”). This net 
rental income comprises the assumed rental income at that time less the non-recoverable operating costs. 
The cash-flows and the Exit Value are discounted using the selected Discount Rate, monthly in advance. 
The resulting net present values were checked against our analysis of comparable transactions (if available) from the 
sale price data collected by the relevant local valuation committee (Gutachterausschuss) and an analysis of the internal 
lease and sale database of the CBRE Valuation Department. If necessary, in the absence of transaction data, asking 
prices for comparable assets on offer at Value AG were also considered. If, in particular instances, results of our DCF 
calculations were found not to reflect the Fair Value of an individual building, the calculation was adjusted by means 
of a change in the Discount rate and Capitalisation Rate using expert and experienced judgement. 
For the subject properties we have adopted a Discount Rate of 3.28% to 6.78% (weighted average of 4.41%) and an 
Exit Cap Rate of 1.40% to 4.98% (weighted average of 2.41%).  
 
3.4.12 
Market Rent 
The market rents adopted for properties which are not governed by the capping of rents of new leases 
(“Mietpreisbremse”) are in accordance with the results of the recent lease agreements (12 months), our internal CBRE 
rental data base and other internal sources, the internet database Value AG (asking rents) and the local rental tables 
(Mietspiegel) for residential rents, if available. 
Since 1 June 2015 the capping of rents of new leases has been in force, which enables the federal states to establish 
individual decrees. The law limiting rent increases (MietNovG) upon re-letting of existing residential units in regions 
with low supply only allows an increase of rent up to local rental table level plus 10%. This law originally applied for 
five years and has now been prolongated until 2025. However, there are exceptions: residential units completed after 
1 October 2014 are not affected as well as rent increases reflecting modernisation works, pursuant to paragraph 559 
section 1 to 3 BGB (German civil code). In such cases, 11% of the total capital expenditures (CapEx) may still be 
recouped from the tenant each year. This law also does not apply to the small market segment of furnished apartments. 
The city states Berlin, Bremen and Hamburg were joined by more than 300 local authorities in the federal states of 
Baden-Wuerttemberg, Bavaria, Brandenburg, Hesse, Lower Saxony, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, North Rhine-
Westphalia, Rhineland-Palatinate, Schleswig-Holstein and Thuringia in introducing the Mietpreisbremse (capping of 
rents on re-letting). However, according to CBRE research, neither Bremen nor approx. 200 of these local authorities 
have either a simple or qualified rent index (as at date of valuation).  
In our valuation, for the determination of the market rent of properties located in cities where the brake on rents 
(Mietpreisbremse) has already been implemented we have adopted the below-explained approach.  
1. 
The upper limit of market rents (rents upon re-letting) is determined on rental unit level. An auxiliary 
calculation provides an overview of market rents on property level based on the weighted floor areas of the 
individual residential units.  
2. In cases where the subject property’s rents upon re-letting are not aligned with the Local Rental Table 
(Mietspiegel), we have calculated the maximum rents upon re-letting, which can be adopted, as follows: 
(Local Rental Table Average plus Local Rental Table Maximum) / 2 + 10%

--- Page 213 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-23 
 
 
3. Additional Check: if the last rent of an apartment is higher than the calculated rent upon re-letting, then the last 
rent is taken into consideration. 
4. Should the determined upper limit of the market rent exceed the rent achieved by documented recent leases, 
then we do not adopt the higher rent by default but the actually achievable rent.  
5. For locations where the capping of rents of new leases applies without any existing local rental table, we 
determine the market rent as before the introduction of the capping. 
 
 
3.4.13 
Hereditary Building Right/ Ground Lease 
According to the information provided three valuation units are held on heritable building rights/ ground leases where 
HOWOGE acts as ground leaseholder. One of these three valuation units is divided into condominiums in accordance 
with the German Condominium Act (“Wohneigentumsgesetz - WEG”).  
The proportion of the three valuation units where HOWOGE is the ground leaseholder accounts for approximately 
0.4% of the portfolio’s total Fair Value, including properties in the course of development and development sites. 
The weighted expiration year in relation to the portfolio’s total Fair Value is 2112. 
The relevant valuation units are shown in the table below: 
 
 
According to the information provided nine valuation units are encumbered by ground leases to third parties meaning 
that HOWOGE is the freeholder and the ground lease is held by another party. For these nine valuation units the 
aggregate Fair Value accounts to 1,829,000 EUR.  
Furthermore, there is one valuation unit held on heritable building rights/ ground leases where HOWOGE also holds 
a ground leasehold interest, with the freehold and ground leasehold being unmerged.  
 
 
3.4.14 
Public Subsidies 
A number of the residential units were subject to rent control as at the valuation date. Instead of the rent increase 
method of the BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) the subsidized residential units are subject to an economic rent 
(Kostenmiete). For these valuation units, we have calculated with a rental growth of 0.5%, based on our experience.  
According to the information provided 33 the of the 1,119 valuation units (properties held for investment) are 
completely or partly under public rent control.  
The proportion of valuation units affected by this amount to approximately 9.9% of the portfolio’s total Fair Value.  
The weighted expiration year in relation to the portfolio’s total Fair Value is 2042. 
In addition, approximately 50% of the residential area of the properties in the course of development (Residual 
Method) are publicly subsidized. 
 
 
 
Valuation unit
Zip Code
City
Address
Valuation Approach
Heritable building right
Expiry Date
VU_14007
13055
Berlin
Konrad-Wolf-Str. 2, 29
Discounted Cashflow 
Ground leaseholder
31.12.2092
VU_14008
13088
Berlin
Falkenberger Str.1a-e
Discounted Cashflow 
Ground leaseholder
30.04.2093
VU_14563
10365
Berlin
Frankfurter Allee 218
Discounted Cashflow 
Ground leaseholder
08.07.2117

--- Page 214 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-24 
 
 
3.4.15 
Listed Buildings 
Based on the information provided by the Company 44 of the 1,176 valuation units are completely or partly listed as 
ancient monuments. For listed monuments, we have assumed an increase of ongoing maintenance costs of 10%. The 
proportion of valuation units affected by this amount to approximately 2.5% of the portfolio’s total Fair Value.  
 
3.4.16 
Land Register Section II 
At this point, we would like to point out that a sample of land register excerpts was made available as part of the 
previous valuations. As they largely correspond to the provided property list, the contents of the property list were 
assumed to be correct for all land registers. For the purposes of the current valuation CBRE has not been provided 
with extracts from the land register by the Company. We have taken the situation under land register law from the 
property list provided and have continued to assume the accuracy of the information. 
With reference to the property list, there are several encumbrances or easements entered in Section II of the land 
registers. Most entries are common agreements in terms of infrastructure provision for the properties or adjacent 
properties.  
If in the following not otherwise stated and based on the inspections as well as in consideration of the entry dates, we 
have assumed that there are no entries, information or circumstances that could have an impact on Fair Values 
(including any easements, restrictions, or similar restrictions and encumbrances). We reserve the right to amend our 
valuation should any such factors be found to exist. 
For valuation units which we have not been provided with information from the land registers we have assumed that 
there are no entries in Section II of the land registers that impair the value for the purposes of our valuation. 
Notable exceptions that need further consideration and explanation are shown below: 
 
Re-conveyance notice (“Rückauflassungsvormerkungen”) 
According to the property lists received, for 25 out of 1,176 valuation units re-conveyance notices have been entered 
in Section II of the land registers as security for retransfer claims in favour of the State of Berlin. Seven of the 25 
encumbered valuation units are encumbrances from the years 2015 to 2019 (hereinafter referred as "new cases") and 
18 valuation units have encumbrances from the years 1994 to 2000 (hereinafter referred as "old cases"): 
New Cases 
Seven valuation units with a total Fair Value of 279.550.000 EUR are subject to re-conveyance notices from the years 
2015 to 2019 which (from the information provided) are linked to specific obligations that must be fulfilled and the 
respective contracts clearly specify the conditions under which the re-conveyance notices are to be deleted. 
For the valuation unit VU_20320 (Rathausstraße 11-12a in 10365 Berlin), there is an obligation to provide affordable 
housing a total of at least 2,299 sqm of living area with a maximum net cold rent of 6.50 EUR/sqm for a period of five 
years starting with the date of completion, which is fulfilled according to the tenant list available. There is also an 
obligation to build and operate a day-care centre for children (for a period of ten plus five years). We have taken this 
into account in our valuation. 
For the other valuation units, the conditions relate to construction obligations, e.g. evidence of a certain level of 
planning for the property (building permit application, building permits) and/or notification of completion of 
construction. According to the information provided by the Company, for the valuation unit VU_14560 
(Glasbläserallee - Alt Stralau/Kynaststr. in 10245 Berlin) an approval for the deletion of the re-conveyance notice has 
already been received and the deletion is in process. 
Old Cases 
18 valuation units with a total Fair Value of 63,710,000 EUR (0.6% of the portfolio’s total Fair Value) are subject to 
re-conveyance notices from the years 1994 to 2000. According to the information provided, these result of the 
liquidation of state-held assets of the former GDR (“DDR”) in the early 1990s. The underlying contracts under the 
law of obligations provide for a claim by the State of Berlin for the return of all or part of the contributed real estate

--- Page 215 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-25 
 
 
free of charge in respect of those areas "which, according to the urban land-use plan, are taken up for a purpose in the 
public interest or are used by institutions of the State of Berlin". 
The Company is not aware of the State of Berlin exercising such a re-conveyance right in any case to date.   
We note in this connection that the State of Berlin holds 100% of the shares in the Company. 
Having regard to the above, for the purposes of the present valuation, we have considered that these re-conveyance 
notices do not impact on the valuations; however, if the situation changes in future this may lead to changes in value. 
3.4.17 
Public Land Charges 
We have not been provided with extracts from the public land register by the Company.  
However, for some valuation units, we have received brief information concerning potential public land charges within 
the property list provided. In these cases, the entries are common agreements. We have assumed that they are in line 
with the actual condition and use of the properties. 
For valuation units which we have not received further information concerning potential public land charges and all 
other valuation units we have assumed that they are in line with the actual condition and use of the properties. 
We do not have any information that the actual condition and use of the properties do not comply with the admissibility 
under building law. Taking into account the existing development, there is no influence on values in these cases. 
 
3.4.18 
Demolition properties 
We have assumed a demolition in the DCF Approach within our valuations for the following units: 
 
 
Within the calculation of the demolition properties, the valuation result is derived from the balance and the land values 
and the accruing deconstruction costs. For our valuation, we have taken into account deconstruction costs of EUR 70 
per sqm gross floor area (GFA). In case the valuation unit also includes garages or external parking spaces in addition 
to rental space, we additionally deducted 900 EUR per garage unit or 250 EUR per external parking space unit as 
“Other influence”. Further costs provided by the Company regarding the demolition were also considered as “Other 
influence” in our valuation: 
Valuation unit
Zip Code
City
Address
Date of 
demolition
VU_14537
10315
Berlin
Rosenfelder Ring nördl. 78-84
30.06.2021
VU_14569
13088
Berlin
Buschallee 88
30.06.2021
VU_14582
13059
Berlin
Falkenberger Chaussee 95
30.06.2022
VU_14583
13088
Berlin
Indira-Gandhi-Straße 6
30.06.2021
VU_14585
10319
Berlin
Lückstr. 33,34
30.06.2021
VU_12838
13059
Berlin
Ernst-Barlach-Str. 1-5 odd.
31.12.2024
VU_12841
13059
Berlin
Ernst-Barlach-Str. 2-6 even
31.12.2024

--- Page 216 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-26 
 
 
 
 
3.4.19 
Cooperation agreement "Affordable Rents, New Housing Construction and Social Housing Supply" 
(Kooperationsvereinbarung "Leistbare Mieten, Wohnungsneubau und soziale 
Wohnraumversorgung") 
According to information from the Company, HOWOGE has committed to the cooperation agreement "Affordable 
Rents, New Housing Construction and Social Housing Supply". The aim of the partnership is to respond to the 
formulated priorities and the demand for further realignment of the housing policy of the municipal housing 
associations with a focus on keeping rents in the existing portfolio affordable and creating additional living space. The 
basis for this is the law on the reorganization of social housing provision in Berlin (Berlin Housing Provision Act - 
WoVG Bln), which came into force in 2016, and the supplementary agreement of 11 March 2021 as well as the 
roadmap adopted by the Senate in 2016. This means that the municipal housing associations are increasingly fulfilling 
their special mandate through the additional commitment set out in the cooperation agreement. 
Key regulations include: 
 
"The cooperation agreement is applicable to rent increase declarations issued as from 1 January 2017. In 
addition, for rent increase declarations with effect from 1 January 2017, which are above 8% rent increase in 
the past four years or above 30 EUR per month." 
 
"In the case of rent increases, it is ensured that rents do not increase by more than a total of 2% for existing 
leases and are limited to a maximum of 4% within two years." 
 
"63 % of the apartments in the portfolio that come up for re-letting each year are rented to people entitled to 
the “Wohnberechtigungsschein (WBS)” at a maximum of the standard local comparative rent, taking into 
account the Berlin diversity." 
 
"The modernisation allocation will be limited to a maximum of 6% of the modernisation costs incurred and 
the net cold rent may not exceed the standard local comparative rent by more than 10% after the 
modernisation has been carried out and taking into account the modernisation allocation; in addition, the 
hardship provision will apply. This applies to all modernisation notices issued as of 1 November 2016." 
 
In the case of new developments that are in the preliminary planning stage (stage 1 and 2) when the 
supplementary agreement of 11 March came into force, the municipal housing associations undertake to offer 
at least 50% of the space of the new flats to those entitled to rent and occupancy subsidies 
(“Wohnberechtigungsschein - WBS”) in the first subsidy category. 
 
In view of the dynamic development of construction costs in recent years, the following is agreed for the 
rents of the privately-financed flats in order to ensure the economic viability of the new construction projects: 
-  "25% of the privately-financed flats shall be rented to tenants with incomes in the range >140% to 180% 
of the Federal Income Limit (“Bundeseinkommensgrenze – BEG”) at a maximum of 9.50 EUR/sqm.” 
- "25% of the free-funded flats shall be rented to tenants with incomes in the range >180% to 240% of the 
Federal Income Limit (“Bundeseinkommensgrenze – BEG”) at a maximum of 11.50 EUR/sqm." 
- "Overall, rents in the privately financed sector are not to exceed an average value of 11.00 EUR/sqm." 
Valuation unit
Date of 
demolition
Other Influence in 
EUR
Comment
VU_14537
30.06.2021
-59,350
additional demolition costs for garages (900 EUR per unit) and 
external parking spots (250 EUR per unit)
VU_14582
30.06.2022
-1,000,000
demolition costs according to the Company
VU_14583
30.06.2021
-357,250
additional costs due to the removal of contaminated site according 
to the Company in the amount of 350,000 EUR (worst case 
scenario) as well as additional demolition costs for garage (900 
EUR per unit) and external parking spots (250 EUR per unit)
VU_14585
30.06.2021
-220,000
additional costs due to the removal of contaminated site according 
to the Company

--- Page 217 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-27 
 
 
- “The above values may be increased by up to 2% per year. If the construction price index for residential 
buildings according to the Berlin-Brandenburg Statistics Office changes by more than 5% from 01 January 
2021, the contracting parties undertake to renegotiate an increase within three months with regard to the 
agreed annual indexation of 2%." 
 
In order to determine the Fair Value, for the properties held for investment we have assumed that the rent increase and 
re-letting will be carried out considering the standard market conditions that apply to a third party. The voluntary self-
commitment is not considered directly. Instead, the owner's letting policy is considered by means of the re-letting 
assumptions, which are also derived from the lettings actually carried out in the recent past (see 3.4.12 Market Rent). 
In determining the Fair Value of properties in the course of development by using the Residual Approach, we have 
assumed that, in the event of a sale, the specifications for letting the new construction project will be continued by the 
purchaser. 
 
3.4.20 
Other Influences 
Rent reductions/ exemption from rent  
According to the rent roll provided, some tenants are entitled to receive rent reductions and/or are exempt from paying 
rent. We have assumed that the rent reduction and/or the exemption from rent lasts for three months.  
The resulting reduction amounts to 283,927 EUR and was deducted in the valuation as “Other influences”. 
For demolition properties we have not taken into account possible rent reductions 
Refurnishing costs for student housing residences 
The valuation units VU_24056 (Röbellweg 26 in 13125 Berlin) and VU_14598 (Eichbuschallee 53, 55 in 12437 
Berlin) are student housing residences. 
Student housing residences are generally characterised by complete or at least partial furnishing, regardless of the 
concept or provider. Based on our experience of comparable properties’ costs for refurnishing we have adopted 
2,000 EUR and 5,000 EUR per apartment. An average of 10 years is assumed as the renewal cycle for the furniture. 
Parts of the furniture, e.g. tables and built-in cupboards, have a longer service life. Other parts of the apartment 
equipment may have to be replaced earlier. The resulting costs, discounted to the valuation date, amount to 
587,843 EUR and were deducted in the valuation as "Other influences".  
 
Modernisation costs / loss of rent 
According to the information given by the Company the valuation unit VU_14587 (Im Lindenhof 21, 30 in 10365 
Berlin) is currently under modernisation and should be completed until September 2021. 
Within our valuation we have assumed full letting as at the date of valuation 30 June 2021 and at the same time taken 
in to account a six-month loss of rent of 75,900 EUR. Further, we have taken into account the outstanding 
refurbishment costs provided of 2,692,929 EUR within our valuation. 
The total amount of 2,768,830 EUR was deducted in the valuation as “Other influences”. 
 
New construction Frankfurter Allee  
The valuation unit VU_14563 (Frankfurter Allee 218 in 10317 Berlin) is one of the three valuation units where 
HOWOGE is a ground leaseholder (see 3.4.13 Heritable building rights). A new building of approximately. 23,270 
sqm of rental space is currently under construction on the site of the valuation unit. 
Within our valuation we have assumed a full letting as at the date of valuation 30 June 2021 and at the same time 
deducted the outstanding construction costs provided of 29,666,621 
EUR 
as "Other influences".  
The completion of the building is planned for the second quarter of 2022. We have taken the 18-month loss of rent 
into account by adding a risk premium to the basic rate.

--- Page 218 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-28 
 
 
 
Conversion of the top floors 
According to the documents provided by the Company the top floors of the following valuation units are currently 
being expanded. 
 
We have calculated the potential of the newly created spaces and deducted the outstanding project costs as well as a 
twelve-month loss of rent. 
 
New construction Frankfurter Allee 135 (new headquarter HOWOGE) 
The valuation unit VU_14566 (Frankfurter Allee 135 in 10365 Berlin) is a building complex consisting of residential 
and commercial space. The commercial space is partly the new, owner-occupied headquarter of HOWOGE. As of the 
valuation date of 30 June 2021 and the rent roll date of 31 May 2021, the residential space and some of the commercial 
space are already in operation or leased, respectively.  
The final German Construction Contract Procedures (“VOB”) acceptance (planned for the end of July 2021) has not 
yet taken place as at the valuation date being 30 June 2021, which means that not all of the commercial spaces are 
listed in the rent roll yet.  
Due to the advanced stage of construction, we have assumed the remaining commercial spaces to be fully rented in 
our DCF calculation. The spaces were taken from the One Pagers. At the same time, we have taken into account the 
remaining outstanding project costs (3,489,139 EUR), as well as a six-month rent shortfall (assumption period until 
full completion) for these commercial spaces. We have therefore deducted an amount of 3,498,913 EUR as "Other 
influences". 
 
3.5 
Valuation Parameters – Residual Method 
The project development valuation units are plots of land with planned or under construction residential complexes, 
residential and commercial buildings. The Fair Value (Residual Value) was determined for these development 
properties using the Residual Value Approach method. The valuation of the project developments was carried out as 
agreed under the following valuation assumptions: 
 
The projected new development of the valuation plot is eligible for approval or has already been approved.  
 
The project measures are carried out in accordance with the project planning provided. 
 
The completion of the valuation object shall be free of defects. 
 No unusual circumstances exist. 
 
Quantity structure 
Our calculations are based on the data regarding area information provided within the scope of the current and previous 
valuations as well as the previous valuation (so-called “One Pager”, file “Master unbebaute Grundstücke_PE”). We 
assume that these area specifications correspond to the actual planning. 
Valuation unit
Newly created 
residential 
space in sq m
Other 
influences in 
EUR
VU_24035
1,431
-46,569
VU_10506
2,919
-808,097
VU_11443
758
738,853
VU_11444
506
493,627
VU_11445
505
492,874

--- Page 219 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-29 
 
 
As the areas in the “One Pager” are rental areas, we have calculated the gross floor area (GFA) using a conversion 
coefficient of 0.80 for residential space and 0.75 for commercial space. 
 
Construction costs 
The Company provided either a construction cost overview or a construction cost estimate for the valuation units 
(construction cost group 200 - 600). Costs already paid or booked were taken from the file "Projektkosten". 
The construction costs provided were reviewed by the technical experts of the Building Consultancy team of CBRE, 
taking into account the project planning and the assumption of usual facts and circumstances. As the construction 
costs provided were within a plausible range, we have used these in our valuation.

--- Page 220 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-30 
 
 
4 
VALUATION CONCLUSIONS 
Upon the assumption that, after reasonable inquiry of the Company, there are no onerous restrictions or unusual 
outgoings of which we have no knowledge and based on the specific comments and assumptions set out in this 
Valuation Report, we are of the opinion that the aggregate of the individual Fair Values (net) of the freehold / ground-
leasehold interests in the assets in the portfolio, rounded on asset-by-asset basis, as at 30 June 2021 and held as at that 
date, is: 
11,163,352,700 EUR 
(eleven billion, one hundred and sixty-three million, three hundred and fifty-two-thousand, seven hundred 
Euros) 
 
The portfolio’s total Fair Value is composed as follows: 
 
 
The unrounded net capital value for the properties held for investment is 10,844,261,939 EUR. This also include 
VU_14563 Frankfurter Allee 218 and VU_14587 Im Lindenhof  21, 30 which are partly under construction (see 3.4.20 
Other Influences). The unrounded gross capital value is 11,709,768,937 EUR including 865,506,997 EUR purchaser’s 
costs (8.0%). 
The assessment of the Fair Value was carried on an asset-by-asset basis. The aggregate of the individual Fair Values 
presented here takes account of the marketing period and the transaction costs of the individual assets and does not 
reflect any discounts or premiums on the sales of the whole portfolio or if part of the portfolio were to be marketed 
simultaneously or in lots. 
The valuation units are all freehold-equivalent, with the exception of three valuation units (properties held for 
investment) held on heritable building rights/ ground leases, where HOWOGE is the ground leaseholder.  
The Fair Value of the valuation units affected by this account to 49,490,000 EUR which is approximately 0.4% of the 
portfolio’s total Fair Value, including properties in the course of development and development sites. 
There are no negative values to report. 
CBRE has not been engaged to update the CBRE valuation for the purpose of the Prospectus, has no obligation to do 
so and has not updated the CBRE valuation after the date of valuation, 30 June 2021. 
The following table shows aggregated key asset data for the portfolio (properties held for investment): 
 
Fair Value 
Total lettable area: 
10,844,423,700 EUR 
4,131,719 sqm 
Average Fair Value per sqm lettable area: 
2,625 EUR 
 
 
Current annual rental income (gross): 
313,284,674 EUR 
Potential annual rental income (gross): 
320,416,560 EUR 
Type
Valuation approach
Fair Value in Euro
Share in Fair Value
Properties held for investment
DCF
10,844,423,700
97.1%
Development sites
Comparison Method
159,529,000
1.4%
Properties in the course of development
Residual Method
159,400,000
1.4%
Total
11,163,352,700
100.0%

--- Page 221 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-31 
 
 
Annual market rent (gross): 
379,340,179 EUR 
 
 
Multiplier (based on current rent): 
34.6 times 
Multiplier (based on potential rent): 
33.8 times 
Multiplier (based on market rent): 
28.6 times 
 
 
Net initial yield (based on current rent): 
2.15% 
Net initial yield (based on potential rent): 
2.23% 
Net initial yield (based on market rent): 
2.73% 
 
 
 
Our opinion of "Fair Value" is based upon the scope of work and valuation assumptions as detailed in Part 3 
“Explanation of Valuation” and Part 4 “Valuation Conclusions” of this Valuation Report and has been derived mainly 
using recent comparable market evidence.

--- Page 222 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-32 
 
 
5 
VALUATION KEY DEFINITIONS 
Lettable area 
The lettable area in this valuation is defined by the entry in the Company’s rent roll provided; as at 30 June 2021 
Total lettable area 
Total lettable area in square metres – sum of residential and commercial floor area – and excluding land; as at 30 June 
2021 
Residential units 
Residential units - number of residential premises excluding internal and external parking units and other units; as at 
30 June 2021 
Commercial units 
Commercial units - number of commercial and special premises; excluding internal and external parking units and 
other units; as at 30 June 2021 
Internal/ External Parking units (Parking lots) 
Internal/ External Parking units - number of internal and external parking spaces; as at 30 June 2021 
Other units 
Other units – e.g. number of antennas; as at 30 June 2021 
Current annual rental income (gross): 
The current gross rental income represents the rent payable for the units let on contractual agreements as at 30 June 
2021, before deducting non-recoverable operating costs and VAT, multiplied by 12. Rent-free periods have been taken 
into account. 
Potential annual rental income (gross): 
The potential rent is the sum of the current monthly gross rental income and the market rent of vacant units – 
irrespective of any vacancy – as at 30 June 2021, multiplied by 12. 
Annual market rent (gross): 
The (monthly) market rent of all units as at 30 June 2021 (irrespective of any vacancy), multiplied by 12. 
Multiplier (based on current rent): 
Net capital value divided by current rental income (gross) 
Multiplier (based on potential rent): 
Net capital value divided by potential rental income (gross) 
Multiplier (based on market rent): 
Net capital value divided by market rent (gross) 
Net initial yield (based on current rent): 
Current rental income (net) divided by gross capital value 
Net initial yield (based on potential rent): 
Potential rental income (net) divided by gross capital value 
Net initial yield (based on market rent): 
Market rental income (net) divided by gross capital value

--- Page 223 ---
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbh Prospectus   ▪   CBRE 
 
 
V-33 
 
 
Note: The valuation keys above are defined in accordance with the gif Gesellschaft für Immobilienwirtschaftliche 
Forschung e.V. Arbeitskreis Real Estate Investment Management. 
Freehold or freehold-equivalent refers to Eigentum title. 
Ground lease/leasehold refers to Erbbaurecht title. 
 
 
 
 
ppa. Michael Schlatterer, MRICS 
 
Residential Valuation Germany 
Senior Director  
CBRE GmbH 
 
 
 
 
 
ppa. Sandro Höselbarth 
 
Head of Residential Valuation Germany 
Managing Director  
CBRE GmbH

--- Page 224 ---
A-1 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
HOWOGE Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH 
Stefan-Heym-Platz 1 
10367 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
DEALERS 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Kapelle-Ufer 4 
10117 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Taylor Wessing Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB 
Ebertstraße 15 
10117 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany