--- Page 1 ---
10231698288-v34 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
HSBC BANK PLC 
(A company incorporated in England with registered number 14259; the liability of its members is limited) 
as Issuer 
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES AND WARRANTS 
Index and Equity-Linked Notes and Warrants 
On 24 February 1999, HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") established a Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants (the 
"Programme"). 
This document (which expression includes all documents incorporated by reference herein) has been prepared for the purpose of 
providing disclosure information with regard to certain types of notes and warrants issued under the Programme, namely notes 
("Notes", "Index-Linked Notes" or "Equity-Linked Notes") and warrants ("Warrants", "Index-Linked Warrants" or "Equity-
Linked Warrants") which have an amount payable on maturity or expiry (as applicable) which is linked to the performance of one 
or more indices or one or more securities, as the case may be. 
This base prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland 
(the "Central Bank") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality 
of any Notes or Warrants that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in such Notes or Warrants. 
In relation to any Notes or Warrants, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and together also with the relevant final terms (the 
"Final Terms"). Any Notes or Warrants issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus and which are the subject of Final Terms 
which refer to this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes or Warrants 
already in issue or any Notes or Warrants issued under any other base prospectus published in connection with the Programme. This 
Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purposes of providing disclosure information with regards to both Notes and 
Warrants, and only Index-Linked Notes, Equity-Linked Notes, Index-Linked Warrants and Equity-Linked Warrants may be 
issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Notes may be governed by English law (the "English Law Notes") or French law (the "French Law Notes"). The terms and conditions 
of the English Law Notes are set out herein in the sections headed "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" (the "General 
English Law Conditions") and "Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" (the "Alternative English Law 
Conditions") and the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes (the "French Law Conditions") are set out herein in the section 
headed "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes". French Law Notes may only be issued in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). Where the Final Terms specify that "Alternative English Law Conditions" apply, the conditions set out herein in the section 
headed "Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" apply. References herein to the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" shall mean the General English Law Conditions or the French Law Conditions or the Alternative English Law Conditions, as 
applicable. 
Applications have been made to admit Notes or Warrants (as applicable) to listing on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
(trading as Euronext Dublin) ("Euronext Dublin") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, which is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). Application may be made by the Issuer for a listing of 
Notes or Warrants on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and admission to trading on the Electronic Bond Market, being the regulated market of 
the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT"). 
Information on how to use this Base Prospectus is set out on pages ii-v and a table of contents is set out on page xi. 
EU PRIIPs REGULATION – IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or 
Warrants includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes or Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION - IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or Warrants 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes or Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018 (as 
amended, the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended) ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering

--- Page 2 ---
10231698288-v34 
 
 
 
or selling the Notes or Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
None of the Dealers (as defined below) accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as a Green, Social or Sustainable Bond or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will 
meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers 
is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as a Green, Social or Sustainable Bond, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as a Green, Social or Sustainable Bond, nor 
is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealers to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes 
are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled 
segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission 
will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. Additionally, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any 
other person that any underlying to which the Notes or Warrants are linked, satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainable impact of the businesses 
or products of such underlying or issuers of such underlying (or any component thereof). If such environmental, social or sustainable 
impact is a factor in an investor’s decision to invest in Notes or Warrants, investors should consult with their legal or other advisers 
before making an investment in such Notes or Warrants. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or the state securities laws of any state of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In addition, unless the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, Warrants may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit 
of U.S. Persons (as defined in the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulation 23.23(a)(23)) at any time. 
The Issuer has been assigned the following long term credit ratings: A+ by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited ("S&P"); A1 by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited ("Moody's"); and AA- by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"). Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the 
"FCA") Financial Services Register. The ratings each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch have given to the Issuer are endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively, each of which is established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes and Warrants may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, indices 
or other variables, which may constitute a benchmark under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any 
such reference rate, index or variable does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of any administrator. 
The Notes are not deposit liabilities of the Issuer and are not covered by the United Kingdom Financial Services Compensation Scheme 
or insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United Kingdom, the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Programme Arranger 
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers and Managers 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
 
2 December 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10231698288-v34 
- ii - 
70-41030487 
 
HOW TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
INTRODUCTION – WHO IS THE ISSUER? 
The Notes and Warrants will be issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer"). The payment of amounts due 
under the Notes and Warrants is subject to the Issuer's financial position and its ability to meet its 
obligations. 
The registration document for the Issuer (the "Registration Document")  which is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus (with the exception of those sections of the Registration Document 
excluded from incorporation by reference as set out on page 35 hereof), together with other information 
provided in this Base Prospectus, provides a description of the Issuer's business activities as well as certain 
financial information and material risks related to the Issuer. 
TYPES OF NOTES AND WARRANTS 
This Base Prospectus provides information about the following Notes and Warrants that may be issued 
under the Programme, the return of which will be linked to the performance of a single underlying index 
or basket of indices or a single security or basket of securities (each an "Underlying"). 
Types of Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which provide for various final redemption amounts and/or 
interest or coupon amounts to be payable. 
The redemption provisions which may be applicable to Notes issued under the Programme are as follows: 
(i) 
Booster with Barrier Redemption; 
(ii) 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption; 
(iii) 
Barrier Redemption; 
(iv) 
Digital with Barrier Redemption; 
(v) 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption; 
(vi) 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption; 
(vii) 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption; 
(viii) 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption; 
(ix) 
Buffer Redemption; 
(x) 
Booster with Buffer Redemption; 
(xi) 
Digital with Buffer Redemption; 
(xii) 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption; and 
(xiii) 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption. 
Additionally, one or more of the following redemption features may be applicable to Notes issued under 
the Programme (in addition to one of the sets of redemption provisions listed above): 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event; and 
(ii) 
Lock-In Redemption Event. 
One of the following sets of interest/coupon provisions may be applicable to Notes issued under the 
Programme: 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Interest;

--- Page 4 ---
10231698288-v34 
- iii - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Interest; 
(iii) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Interest; or 
(iv) 
Coupon Trigger Event (and in respect of Coupon Trigger Event, "Lock-In Coupon Event" or 
"Coupon Trigger Recovery Event" may further be specified to apply). 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
Types of Warrants 
The following types of Warrants are issued under the Programme: 
(i) 
Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrants; 
(ii) 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrants; 
(iii) 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrants; 
(iv) 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrants; 
(v) 
Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrants; 
(vi) 
Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrants; 
(vii) 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrants; and 
(viii) 
Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrants. 
The Warrants are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
WHAT OTHER DOCUMENTS DO I NEED TO READ? 
This Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document (to the extent incorporated by reference herein) 
and the other information which is incorporated by reference) contains all information which is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed decision regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer 
and the rights attaching to the Notes and Warrants. Some of this information is incorporated by reference 
from other publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in an issue-specific 
document called the Final Terms. You should read the documents incorporated by reference, as well as the 
Final Terms in respect of such Notes and Warrants, together with this Base Prospectus. 
WHAT INFORMATION IS INCLUDED IN THE FINAL TERMS? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes and Warrants, the Final Terms is 
the document that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes or Warrants. For example, 
the Final Terms will contain: 
(i) 
a reference to the terms and conditions that are applicable to the particular issuance of Notes and 
Warrants; 
(ii) 
the issue date; 
(iii) 
the scheduled redemption or expiry date (as applicable); and 
(iv) 
any other information needed to complete the terms included in this Base Prospectus for the 
particular Notes or Warrants (identified by the words 'as specified in the relevant Final Terms' or 
other equivalent wording). 
Wherever the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (as 
applicable) provide optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify which of those provisions apply to a 
specific issuance of Notes or Warrants. In addition, the Final Terms relating to a particular issuance of 
Notes may include a section entitled "Additional Provisions not required by the Securities Note relating to

--- Page 5 ---
10231698288-v34 
- iv - 
70-41030487 
 
the Underlying", containing disclaimers relating to the relevant index (or indices) or exchange traded fund 
(or funds) underlying such Notes or Warrants. 
ROADMAP FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus is split up into a number of parts and further divided into sections, each of which is 
briefly described below. 
Part I is relevant for all investors, whether they are investing in Notes or Warrants. In addition to Part I: 
• 
the information set out in Part II will be relevant for an investor in the Notes; 
• 
the information set out in Part III will be relevant for an investor in the Warrants; and 
• 
the information set out in Part IV will be relevant for an investor in Notes or Warrants which are 
linked to the performance of an index or an exchange traded fund. 
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally: 
Section 
Page 
Section I.1: 
"Overview of the Programme" provides an Overview of the Programme 
1 
Section I.2: 
"Risk Factors" provides details of the principal risks associated with the 
Issuer, the Notes and the Warrants. 
6 
Section I.3: 
"Incorporation by Reference" provides details of the documents 
incorporated by reference which form part of this Base Prospectus and 
which are publicly available. 
35 
Section I.4: 
"Use of Proceeds" provides details of what the Issuer intends to do with 
the subscription monies it receives for the Notes or Warrants it issues. 
38 
Section I.5: 
"Taxation" provides a summary of the withholding tax position in 
relation to the Notes and Warrants in the Republic of Ireland, the United 
Kingdom, Belgium, France and Italy. 
39 
Section I.6: 
"Additional Information regarding Offshore RMB" provides 
additional, general disclosure in relation to exchange controls applicable 
to Offshore RMB. 
60 
Section I.7: 
"General Information" provides additional, general disclosure in 
relation to the Programme and the Issuer not included in other sections of 
the Base Prospectus. 
61 
 
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes: 
Section 
Page 
Section II.1: 
"Description of the Notes" provides details of how an investment in the 
Notes works and how payments under the Notes are calculated, including 
a number of worked examples. 
66 
Section II.2: 
"Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form" provides information regarding Notes issued in 
global form and issued into certain clearing systems. 
121 
Section II.3: 
"Subscription and Sale of Notes" sets out details of the arrangements 
between the Issuer and the Dealers as to the offer and sale of Notes and 
summarises selling restrictions that apply to the offer and sale of Notes in 
various jurisdictions. 
125 
Section II.4: 
"Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" sets out the terms 
and conditions which govern the English Law Notes (other than 
Alternative English Law Conditions Notes). 
137 
Section II.5: 
"Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" sets out the terms 
and conditions which govern the French Law Notes. 
227 
Section II.6: 
"Alternative Terms and Conditions of the Notes" sets out the terms and 
conditions which govern the Alternative English Law Conditions Notes.  
314 
Section II.7: 
"Form of Final Terms for Notes" sets out the template of the "Final 
Terms", a document which will be filled out for each issue of Notes (other 
408

--- Page 6 ---
10231698288-v34 
- v - 
70-41030487 
 
Section 
Page 
than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) and which will complete 
the terms and conditions in respect of each such issue of Notes. 
Section II.8: 
"Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law 
Conditions)" sets out the template of the "Final Terms", a document 
which will be filled out for each issue of Alternative English Law 
Conditions Notes and which will complete the terms and conditions in 
respect of each such issue of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes. 
437 
 
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants: 
Section 
Page 
Section III.1: 
"Description of the Warrants" provides details of how an investment in 
the Warrants works and how payments under the Warrants are calculated, 
including a number of worked examples. 
464 
Section III.2: 
"Form of Warrants and Summary of Provisions Relating to the 
Warrants While in Global Form" provides information regarding 
Warrants issued in global form and issued into certain clearing systems. 
481 
Section III.3: 
"Purchase and Sale of Warrants" sets out details of the arrangements 
between the Issuer and the Managers as to the offer and sale of Warrants 
and summarises selling restrictions that apply to the offer and sale of 
Warrants in various jurisdictions. 
483 
Section III.4: 
"Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" sets out the terms and 
conditions which govern the Warrants. 
494 
Section III.5: 
"Form of Final Terms for Warrants" sets out the template of the "Final 
Terms", a document which will be filled out for each issue of Warrants 
and which will complete the terms and conditions in respect of each such 
issue of Warrants. 
538 
 
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices: 
Section 
Page 
Section IV.1: 
"Index and ETF Disclaimers" sets out disclaimers which may be 
applicable in respect of an issue of Notes or Warrants which are linked to 
the performance of an index or exchange traded fund. 
553 
 
"Index of Defined Terms" indicates where terms used in this Base Prospectus have been 
defined and indicates the page of the Base Prospectus on which the definition for each 
relevant defined term can be found. 
563 
 
FUNGIBLE ISSUANCES 
It is possible for Notes and Warrants to be issued which consolidate and form a single Series with an existing 
Series of Notes and Warrants, the first tranche of which was issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In such case, the terms and conditions applicable to those Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, will not 
be the terms and conditions contained in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants". Instead, the terms and conditions applicable to such Notes or Warrants will either be, in the 
case of Notes, the 2021 Note Conditions, the 2020 Note Conditions, the 2019 Note Conditions, the 2018 
Note Conditions, the 2017 Note Conditions, the 2016 Note Conditions, the 2014 Note Conditions or the 
2013 Note Conditions or, in the case of Warrants, the 2021 Warrant Conditions, the 2020 Warrant 
Conditions, the 2019 Warrant Conditions, the 2018 Warrant Conditions, the 2017 Warrant Conditions, the 
2016 Warrant Conditions, the 2014 Warrant Conditions or the 2013 Warrant Conditions (each as defined 
in the section entitled "Incorporation by Reference" below) and the relevant set of terms and conditions 
will be specified in the first paragraph of the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
10231698288-v34 
- vi - 
70-41030487 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Important information relating to financial intermediaries 
Financial intermediaries may only use this Base Prospectus if authorised by the Issuer to do so. 
Accordingly, investors are advised to check both the website of any financial intermediary using this Base 
Prospectus and the website of the Issuer (www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-terms-
and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-plc?page=1&take=20) to ascertain whether or not such financial 
intermediary has the consent of the Issuer to use this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the relevant 
Notes and Warrants during the "Offer Period" specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") 
by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms whose name is 
published on the Issuer's website, www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-terms-
and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-plc?page=1&take=20, and is identified therein as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes or Warrants. 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are that such consent (a) is only valid in respect of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes or Warrants; (b) is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and (c) only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes or Warrants in the Public Offer Jurisdiction (as defined below) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Any new information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of the Base 
Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published and can be found on the Issuer's website, 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-terms-and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-
plc?page=1&take=20 
Please see below for more important legal information relating to financial intermediaries. 
Responsibility for information in the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Notes may be issued in any denominations, provided that Notes will be issued in denominations of 
not less than EUR 1,000 (or the equivalent in an alternate currency) and that all French Law Notes of any 
Series of Notes will have the same denomination. The Warrants may be issued for consideration, of more 
or less than, or equal to, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per Warrant. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
None of the Programme Arranger nor any dealer for an issue of Notes nor any manager for an issue of 
Warrants (each such dealer or manager, a "Dealer") has separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Programme Arranger or any Dealer as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or Warrants or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Programme Arranger or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any further information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes or Warrants should be considered as a recommendation or as constituting an 
invitation or offer by the Issuer or any Dealer to any recipient of this Base Prospectus to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes or Warrants. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes or any Warrants should

--- Page 8 ---
10231698288-v34 
- vii - 
70-41030487 
 
make its own independent investigation of the affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes or Warrants constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger or any 
Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes or Warrants. 
Unless redeemed or terminated early, the Notes or Warrants will be automatically redeemed on the Maturity 
Date or be exercised on the Expiry Date, at which time the investor will be entitled to receive the Final 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable). 
Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
or Warrants issued for consideration of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) per 
Warrant may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
which has implemented the EU Prospectus Regulation in connection with a public offer of Notes or 
Warrants. Any such offer is referred to in this Prospectus as a "Public Offer". 
Issuer's consent to use of this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Republic of Ireland, Belgium, France and Italy (each, a "Public 
Offer Jurisdiction") for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has 
given its consent to use this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during 
the period for which that consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the 
giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, none of the Issuer, the Programme 
Arranger nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The Public Offer Jurisdictions referred to above in which a Public Offer of Notes may be made are the 
Republic of Ireland, Belgium, France and Italy only. 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes or Warrants, the Issuer consents to the 
use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the relevant Notes or Warrants (as 
applicable) during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") by: 
(a) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms whose name is 
published on the Issuer's website, www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-terms-
and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-plc?page=1&take=20, and is identified therein as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes or Warrants, 
in each case, subject to the relevant conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are 
authorised 
to 
make 
such 
offers 
under 
the 
Markets 
in 
Financial Instruments 
Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended) and any other applicable laws. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
If the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by an offeror, the investor should check 
with such offeror whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus in the context of the Public Offer, 
and if so, who that person is. If the investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus 
and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
A Public Offer may be made during the relevant Offer Period by any of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger, 
any Dealer or any relevant Authorised Offeror in the Public Offer Jurisdiction and subject to any relevant 
conditions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
None of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger nor any Dealer has authorised the making of any Public Offer 
of any Notes or Warrants by any person in any circumstances other than those described above. Any such 
unauthorised offers are not made by nor on behalf of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger, any Dealer nor 
any Authorised Offeror and none of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger, any Dealer or any Authorised 
Offeror accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such unauthorised offers.

--- Page 9 ---
10231698288-v34 
- viii - 
70-41030487 
 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes or Warrants from an Authorised Offeror 
will do so, and offers and sales of the Notes or Warrants to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will 
be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and such investor including as to price, allocation, settlement arrangements and any expenses 
or taxes to be charged to the investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer"). The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than the Programme Arranger 
and the Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes or Warrants (as applicable) and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer shall be provided to investors by that Authorised 
Offeror at the time the Public Offer is made. None of the Issuer, any Dealer or other Authorised 
Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
Risk Warnings relating to the Base Prospectus 
An investment in the Notes or Warrants entails certain risks, which vary depending on the specification and 
type or structure of the Notes or Warrants. 
It is advisable that investors considering acquiring any Notes or Warrants understand the risks of 
transactions involving the Notes or Warrants and it is advisable that they reach an investment decision after 
carefully considering, with their financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other advisers, the 
suitability of the Notes or Warrants in light of their particular circumstances (including without limitation 
their own financial circumstances and investment objectives and the impact the Notes or Warrants will have 
on their overall investment portfolio) and the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms. Investors should consider carefully the risk factors set forth under "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer disclaims any responsibility to advise investors of any matters arising under the law of the 
country in which they reside that may affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments on 
the Notes or Warrants. 
Unlike a savings account or similar investment an investment in the Notes and Warrants is not covered by 
the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes or Warrants may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger nor any Dealer 
represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes or Warrants may be 
lawfully offered, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering, in any other 
jurisdiction. In particular, action may be required to be taken to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
Warrants or a distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction. Accordingly, no Notes or Warrants 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes or Warrants come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions. 
Actions or omissions of the issuer of the securities, the sponsor of an index or other 
In certain circumstances, the actions or omissions of the issuer of securities to which the Notes or Warrants 
relate or for which the Notes or Warrants are exchangeable, the sponsor of an index to which Notes or 
Warrants are linked or others outside the control of the Issuer may adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders or Warrantholders (as applicable) and/or the value of the Notes or Warrants, including actions 
that may give rise to an adjustment to, or early redemption or termination (as applicable) of, the Notes or 
Warrants. 
Provision of information 
None of the Issuer or any of its affiliates is under any obligation to provide information in respect of any 
Reference Asset (as defined below) or the securities underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where the 
Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) or monitor whether or not any event or circumstance in respect of 
such Reference Asset(s) or securities has occurred unless it is explicitly and positively stated that such 
person will do so. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes or Warrants may acquire,

--- Page 10 ---
10231698288-v34 
- ix - 
70-41030487 
 
non-public information with respect to one or more Reference Assets or the securities underlying the 
Reference Asset(s) (where the Reference Asset(s) is an equity index). The Issuer is not under any obligation 
to make such information available to holders of such Notes or Warrants. Therefore, an investor in the 
Notes or Warrants should obtain and evaluate information concerning the relevant Reference Asset(s) or 
securities as it would if it were investing directly in such Reference Asset or securities. 
***** 
For details of certain restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes and Warrants in the following countries and territories: Belgium, the Dubai International 
Financial Centre, the European Economic Area, France, Guernsey, Hong Kong, Isle of Man, Italy, 
Japan, Jersey, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Norway, PRC (as defined below), Russia, Singapore, Spain, 
Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre), the United Kingdom and the United States of America, see the "Subscription and Sale of 
Notes" and the "Purchase and Sale of Warrants" sections of this Base Prospectus, respectively. 
***** 
United States 
The Notes and Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 as amended (the "Securities Act") or the state securities laws of any state of the United States, and 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes and 
Warrants may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States 
or to U.S. persons. 
***** 
United Kingdom 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect of anything done in relation to 
any Notes or Warrants in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. Any document received in 
connection with an issue of Notes or Warrants may only be distributed in circumstances in which the 
restriction in Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. 
***** 
European Economic Area 
The Issuer is not authorised as a credit institution or investment firm in the European Economic Area. 
***** 
Hong Kong 
The contents of this Base Prospectus have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. 
Investors are advised to exercise caution, and if necessary obtain independent professional advice, in 
relation to any purchase of Notes and Warrants under the Programme. 
***** 
The treatment for taxation purposes of the acquisition, holding or disposal of, or other dealings with, Notes 
or Warrants may differ according to the jurisdiction in which the person acquiring, holding, disposing or 
dealing is subject to taxation. Any person intending to acquire, hold, dispose of or otherwise deal with a 
Note or Warrant should inform himself as to the treatment for taxation purposes applicable to him. 
***** 
All references in this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context requires, to "Hong Kong" 
are to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, to "Macau" are to 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, to the "PRC" or "mainland 
China" are to the People's Republic of China (which for the purposes of this Base Prospectus shall exclude 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), all references to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to the lawful currency

--- Page 11 ---
10231698288-v34 
- x - 
70-41030487 
 
of the United Kingdom, all references to "US dollars", "USD" and "US$" refer to the lawful currency of 
the United States of America, all references to "Hong Kong dollars", "HKD" and "HK$" refer to the 
lawful currency of Hong Kong, all references to "Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" refer to the lawful 
currency of the PRC, all references to "Offshore RMB", where the context requires, refer to Chinese 
Renminbi that is freely deliverable between accounts in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the law and applicable regulations and guidelines issued by 
the relevant authorities in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
prevailing as of the trade date of the Notes or Warrants, all references to "Japanese Yen", "JPY" and "¥" 
refer to the lawful currency of Japan and all references to "Euro", "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the 
lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. Any other currency 
referred to in any Final Terms will have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
***** 
In this Base Prospectus, "Conditions" means, as applicable, the terms and conditions of the Notes and the 
terms and conditions of the Warrants, respectively. Other than as expressly defined in any other section of 
this Base Prospectus, terms defined in the Conditions, the "Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes While in Global Form" and the "Form of Warrants and Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Warrants While in Global Form" section have the same meanings in all other sections of 
this Base Prospectus. 
***** 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 12 ---
10231698288-v34 
 
70-41030487 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
PART I – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME GENERALLY .................................. 1 
Section I.1 – Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................... 1 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................. 6 
Section I.3 – Incorporation by Reference ................................................................................................... 35 
Section I.4 – Use of Proceeds ..................................................................................................................... 38 
Section I.5 – Taxation ................................................................................................................................ 39 
Section I.6 - Additional Information Regarding Offshore RMB ................................................................ 60 
Section I.7 – General Information .............................................................................................................. 61 
PART II – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES ..................................................................... 66 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes ...................................................................................................... 66 
Section II.2 – Form of English Law Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the English Law Notes 
While in Global Form ............................................................................................................................... 121 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes .......................................................................................... 125 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes .............................................................. 137 
Section II.5 - Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes ................................................................ 227 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ............................................ 314 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) ............................................................................................................................................... 408 
Section II.8 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) ............................. 437 
PART III – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE WARRANTS ........................................................ 464 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants .............................................................................................. 464 
Section III.2 – Form of Warrants and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Warrants While in Global 
Form ......................................................................................................................................................... 481 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants ......................................................................................... 483 
Section III.4 – Terms and Conditions of the Warrants ............................................................................. 494 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants .................................................................................... 538 
PART IV – INFORMATION RELATING TO UNDERLYING INDICES AND ETFS ........................ 553 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers .............................................................................................. 553 
Index of Defined Terms............................................................................................................................ 563

--- Page 13 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.1 – Overview of the Programme 
10231698288-v34 
- 1 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART I – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME GENERALLY 
SECTION I.1 – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this 
Base Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the 
information incorporated by reference herein (and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes or Warrants, the 
relevant Final Terms). Words and expressions defined in "Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes While in Global Form", "Form of Warrants and Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Warrants While in Global Form", "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes", "Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" or 
"Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" shall have the same meanings in this Overview of the Programme. 
Issuer: ......................................... 
HSBC Bank plc 
Risk Factors: .............................. 
Investing in Notes or Warrants issued under the Programme 
involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
Warrants are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger: ................................... 
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers (in relation to Notes): ... 
HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental Europe, and any other 
Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
Managers (in relation to 
Warrants): ............................... 
HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental Europe, and any other 
Manager appointed from time to time by the Issuer generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Warrants. 
Principal Paying Agent, 
Registrar and Transfer Agent:
 .................................................. 
HSBC Bank plc 
Warrant Registrar and 
Warrant Transfer Agent: ...... 
HSBC Bank USA, National Association 
Admission to Listing and 
Trading: ................................... 
Application has been made to admit Notes and Warrants issued 
under the Programme to listing on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. In addition, application may be made by the Issuer for 
listing Notes and Warrants issued under the Programme on Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. and to trading on the MoT. 
Clearing Systems: ...................... 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or Euroclear 
UK and Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) 
("CREST") and/or Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (in 
relation to French Law Notes only) and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes or Warrants, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuance in Series: ..................... 
All Notes and Warrants will be issued in Series and each Series 
may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes or Warrants. Subject 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes and Warrants issued 
pursuant to the Programme on the same date, denominated in the 
same currency, having the same maturity date or Expiry Date (as 
applicable) and issued on identical terms will constitute one 
Tranche of Notes or (as the case may be) Warrants only. 
Final Terms: .............................. 
Each Tranche of Notes and Warrants will be issued on the terms 
set out in the applicable Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.1 – Overview of the Programme 
10231698288-v34 
- 2 - 
70-41030487 
 
Forms of Notes:.......................... 
English Law Notes may be issued in bearer form, in registered form 
or in uncertificated registered form. French Law Notes will be 
issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
Forms of Warrants: .................. 
Warrants may be issued in registered form or in uncertificated 
registered form. 
Currencies: ................................. 
Notes and Warrants may be denominated in any currency, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Status: ......................................... 
The Notes and Warrants of each Series constitute direct, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, ranking 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and, at their 
Issue Date, ranking pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than any such 
obligations preferred by law. 
Issue Price: ................................. 
Notes and Warrants may be issued at any price, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes and Warrants 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Denominations: .......................... 
The Notes may be issued in any denominations, provided that 
Notes will be issued in denominations of not less than EUR 1,000 
(or the equivalent in an alternate currency) and that all French Law 
Notes of any Series of Notes will have the same denomination. The 
Warrants may be issued for consideration of more or less than, or 
equal to, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per 
Warrant. 
Interest: ...................................... 
Notes may or may not bear interest. For each interest calculation 
period in respect of which the Notes bear interest, interest may be 
calculated at a fixed rate, at a floating rate or by reference to the 
occurrence of certain trigger events. 
Some Notes may specify in their Final Terms that "Coupon Trigger 
Event" provisions are applicable. In this case, a coupon payment 
may be made by the Issuer to an investor, depending on the 
performance of the Underlying (as defined below) to which a Note 
is linked. 
Further, some Notes may specify in their Final Terms that either: 
• 
"Lock-In Coupon Event" provisions are applicable with 
respect to Coupon Trigger Event. In this case, if the 
performance of the Underlying exceeds a specified threshold 
in respect of any lock-in coupon valuation date, then coupon 
payments will be made by the Issuer to an investor in respect 
of all future coupon payment dates, regardless of the future 
performance of the Underlying. 
• 
"Coupon Trigger Recovery Event" provisions are applicable 
with respect to Coupon Trigger Event. In this case, if the 
performance of the Underlying in respect of any coupon 
valuation date exceeds a specified threshold, investors will 
receive an additional payment equivalent to the sum of all 
coupons which were not originally payable on their related 
valuation date due to the performance of the Underlying (and 
have not subsequently been paid in accordance with the 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event provisions). 
 
 
The Warrants do not bear interest.

--- Page 15 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.1 – Overview of the Programme 
10231698288-v34 
- 3 - 
70-41030487 
 
Maturities (Notes): .................... 
Notes may have any maturity, subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. 
Expiration (Warrants): ............. 
Warrants may have any expiry, subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. 
Return on Notes and Warrants:
 .................................................. 
The Notes and Warrants are products which are designed for 
investors who wish to be exposed to fluctuations in the price of the 
Underlying (as defined below), but who do not wish to or are not 
able to hold the relevant Underlying itself. The Notes and Warrants 
may be linked to underlying securities, which may including 
exchange traded funds ("Underlying Securities") or underlying 
indices ("Underlying Indices", together with the Underlying 
Securities, the "Underlyings" and each, an "Underlying"). 
Final Redemption Amount (in 
relation to Notes): ................... 
On the Maturity Date, Noteholders will be entitled to receive a 
Final Redemption Amount linked to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s). 
Cash Settlement Amount (in 
relation to Warrants): ............ 
Warrantholders are entitled following exercise of their Warrants to 
receive a Cash Settlement Amount linked to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s). 
Exercise of Warrants: ............... 
Warrants may be exercised on the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and are "European Style Warrants". Unless 
"Automatic Exercise" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Warrants may be automatically 
exercised on their Expiry Date. 
Events of Default (in relation to 
the Notes): ............................... 
The following events constitute events of default (each an "Event 
of Default") under the Notes (other than Alternative English Law 
Conditions Notes) and would entitle (A) with respect to English 
Law Notes, any Noteholder or (B) with respect to French Law 
Notes, the Representative (as defined in the French Law 
Conditions) acting upon request of any Holder (as defined in the 
French Law Conditions), to accelerate the Notes held by such 
holder: (i) the Issuer fails to remedy a default in the repayment of 
any principal due on the Notes or in the payment of any interest 
due in respect of the Notes, in each case within 14 days of notice 
of such default having been given, in relation to the English Law 
Notes, to the Principal Paying Agent or other Paying Agent or the 
Registrar (as the case may be) by any Noteholder in accordance 
with Condition 12(b) (Notices from Noteholders), and, in relation 
to the French Law Notes, by the Representative acting upon request 
of any Noteholder in accordance with Condition 11(b) (Notices 
from Noteholders) provided that it shall not be such a default to 
withhold or refuse any such payment (1) if the Issuer determines, 
acting in good faith and (in the case of French law Notes only) in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that there is a material risk of the 
payment being contrary to any fiscal or other law or regulation or 
the order of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any statement, 
guidance, policy, recommendation or interpretation of any 
governmental or regulatory body (whether or not having the force 
of law), in each case applicable to such payment (and any such 
determination made by the Issuer in accordance with advice given 
at any time by independent legal advisers shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders) or (2) in cases of doubt as to the 
validity or applicability of any such law, regulation or order, in 
accordance with advice given at any time by independent legal 
advisers as to such validity or applicability or (ii) an order is made

--- Page 16 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.1 – Overview of the Programme 
10231698288-v34 
- 4 - 
70-41030487 
 
or a resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer in 
England. 
The following events constitute events of default (each, an "Event 
of Default") under the Alternative English Law Conditions Notes 
and would entitle any Noteholder to accelerate the Notes held by 
it: (i) the Issuer fails to remedy a default in the repayment of any 
principal due on the Notes or in the payment of any interest due in 
respect of the Notes, in each case within 14 days of notice of such 
default having been given to the Principal Paying Agent or other 
Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) by any 
Noteholder in accordance with Condition 12(b) (Notices from 
Noteholders), provided that the reason for non-payment is not 
compliance with any fiscal or other law or regulation or court order, 
or that there is doubt as to the validity of such law, regulation or 
order in accordance with independent legal advice from advisers 
which is acceptable to HSBC Bank plc, acting in its capacity as 
principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent"); or (ii) an 
order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding-up of the 
Issuer in England. 
If the Notes are accelerated following an Event of Default, the 
Notes will be redeemed against payment of an amount per Note 
equal to its Early Redemption Amount. 
 
There are no events of default applicable to the Warrants. 
Early redemption/termination 
for illegality: ............................ 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the 
Issuer's obligations has become unlawful or (in the case of 
Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions 
Notes only) impracticable in whole or in part for any reason, the 
Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Notes or terminate the 
Warrants early and pay the relevant investor an amount per Note 
equal to its Early Redemption Amount or (as applicable) an amount 
per Warrant equal to its Fair Market Value. 
Early redemption for taxation 
reasons (in relation to Notes):  
If the Issuer were required under the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (as applicable) (the "Conditions") to pay additional amounts 
in respect of tax, the Issuer may subject to prior notice to the 
holders of such Notes, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes 
and pay the relevant investor an amount per Note equal to its Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Taxation: .................................... 
Unless Condition 6(B) is specified as being applicable in relation 
to a Series of Notes, all payments by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes will be made without deduction of any taxes, duties and other 
similar charges, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
United Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold 
or deduct, any such taxes. In the event that the Issuer is so required 
by law to withhold or deduct the Issuer shall not be required to pay 
any additional amounts in connection with such withholding or 
deduction and, accordingly, Noteholders will be liable for and/or 
subject to such taxes so withheld or deducted in respect of the 
Notes. 
 
If Condition 6(B) is specified as being applicable in relation to a 
Series of Notes, then if the Issuer is required by law to withhold or 
deduct on account of such United Kingdom taxes, it will, subject 
to certain exceptions as outlined in Condition 6(B), pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have

--- Page 17 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.1 – Overview of the Programme 
10231698288-v34 
- 5 - 
70-41030487 
 
been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. 
 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of Warrants will be made 
without deduction of any taxes, duties and other similar charges, 
including United Kingdom taxes, unless the Issuer is required by 
law to withhold or deduct any such taxes or the Issuer exercises its 
right to withhold or deduct any such taxes. If the Issuer is so 
required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, it shall not 
be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Warrantholders. 
Therefore, Warrantholders will be liable for and/or subject to any 
taxes, duties and other similar charges, including withholding tax, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or similar transfer taxes, 
payable in respect of the Warrants. 
Governing Law: ......................... 
English law or French law with respect to Notes; English law with 
respect to Warrants. 
Ratings: ...................................... 
The Issuer is rated by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Series of Notes and 
Warrants will not be individually rated. 
Selling Restrictions: ................... 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and Warrants, see Section II.3 "Subscription 
and Sale of Notes" and Section III.3 "Purchase and Sale of 
Warrants".

--- Page 18 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 6 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION I.2 – RISK FACTORS 
Guidance on this Risk Factors section 
This section provides details of the principal risks associated with the Issuer and the Notes and Warrants. 
References to the "Issuer" or the "Bank" are references to HSBC Bank plc, and references to the "Notes" 
or the "Warrants" are references to index-linked notes or warrants or equity-linked notes or warrants 
issued under the Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants (the "Programme"). 
Any investment in the Notes and Warrants is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes 
and Warrants, investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes 
and Warrants, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates, together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below 
and the risk factors set out in the Registration Document (as defined in the section headed "Incorporation 
by Reference" below), incorporated by reference. The Issuer considers such risk factors to be the principal 
risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and Warrants and/or 
risk factors that are material for the purposes of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes and 
Warrants. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section. 
This section is divided into a number of sub-sections, details of which are set out in the table below: 
Name of sub-section 
Page 
Applicable to 
Explanation 
(1) 
Risks relating to 
the Bank 
7 
All Notes and Warrants. 
This sub-section will be relevant 
for all issues of Notes and 
Warrants, as it details the risk 
factors which the Issuer deems to 
be material in respect of itself as 
issuer of Notes and Warrants, and 
its 
ability 
to 
perform 
the 
obligations owed to holders of any 
Notes and Warrants. 
(2) 
Risks relating to 
all issues of 
Notes and 
Warrants 
7 
All Notes and Warrants. 
This sub-section will be relevant 
for all issues of Notes and 
Warrants, as it details the risk 
factors which the Issuer deems to 
be material in respect of all Notes 
and Warrants.  
(3) 
Risks relating to 
taxation of the 
Notes and 
Warrants 
24 
All Notes and Warrants. 
This sub-section sets out certain 
withholding tax risks which may 
apply to issues of Notes or 
Warrants.  
(4) 
Risks relating to 
the Notes 
27 
Notes only. 
In some respects, the Notes and 
Warrants entail different risks from 
one another on account of the 
difference in the nature of Notes 
and Warrants and in their terms. 
(5) 
Risks relating to 
the Warrants 
30 
Warrants only. 
(6) 
Risks relating to 
emerging markets 
currencies 
30 
All Notes and Warrants 
which are settled in 
emerging 
market 
currencies. 
This sub-section will be relevant 
for Notes and Warrants in respect 
of which payments will be made in 
an emerging markets currency, and 
also sets out risks associated with 
settlement 
in 
Offshore 
RMB 
outside the PRC. 
(7) 
Risks relating to 
ESG Bonds 
32 
Notes only.  
This sub-section will be relevant 
for Notes in respect of which 
"Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainable Bonds" has been

--- Page 19 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 7 - 
70-41030487 
 
Name of sub-section 
Page 
Applicable to 
Explanation 
specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(8) 
Additional risks 
relating to 
Alternative 
English Law 
Conditions Notes 
33 
Notes only.  
This sub-section will be relevant 
for Notes in respect of which the 
"Alternative Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" has been specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms ("Alternative English Law 
Conditions Notes"). 
 
In particular, Investors should be aware that, depending on the terms applicable the relevant Series of 
Notes or Warrants, repayment of any amount invested and any return on investment is not guaranteed. As 
a result the investors' capital can fall below the amount initially invested in such Notes or Warrants and, 
in the worst case, the investors may lose their entire invested amount. 
Investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry in which it operates and the Notes 
and Warrants summarised in an issue specific summary (the "Issue Specific Summary") appended to the 
Final Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes or Warrants are the risks that the Issuer believes to be those 
key to an assessment by an investor of whether to consider an investment in such Notes and Warrants. 
However, as the risks which the Notes and Warrants are subject to and which the Issuer faces relate to 
events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, investors should consider not 
only the information on the key risks summarised in the Issue Specific Summary appended to the Final 
Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes or Warrants (and set out in more detail below) but also, among 
other things, the other risks and uncertainties described below. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the Notes and Warrants that are not currently 
known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also 
have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of 
the Issuer, the level of the index or indices or the value of the security or securities underlying the Notes 
and Warrants or the Notes and Warrants themselves, and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes and Warrants may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should 
consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes and/or Warrants is suitable for them in light of the 
information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
(1) 
Risks relating to the Bank 
A description of the risk factors relating to the Issuer that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or Warrants are set out in the section entitled "Risk 
Factors" on pages 1 to 23 of the Registration Document (as defined in the section headed 
"Incorporation by Reference" below). 
(2) 
Risks relating to all issues of Notes and Warrants 
Set out below is a description of the principal risks that should be taken into consideration by 
investors in the Notes and Warrants. 
Credit Risk 
Issuer Credit Risk 
The Notes and Warrants are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and not of any 
other person. If the Issuer's financial position were to deteriorate, there could be a risk that the Issuer would 
not be able to meet its obligations under the Notes and Warrants (the Issuer's "credit risk"). If the Issuer 
becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations under the Notes and Warrants, in the worst case scenario 
investors in the Notes and Warrants could lose all of their invested amounts. Unlike a savings account 
or similar investment, an investment in the Notes or Warrants is not covered by the UK Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme.

--- Page 20 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 8 - 
70-41030487 
 
Investors should be aware that any rating of the Issuer reflects the independent opinion of the relevant rating 
agency and is not a guarantee of the Issuer's credit quality. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
The Notes and Warrants are unsecured obligations 
It will be particularly important for the investor to evaluate the Issuer's credit risk when considering an 
investment in the Notes and Warrants as the Notes and Warrants are not secured. If the Issuer became 
unable to pay amounts owed to the investor under the Notes and Warrants, such investor does not have 
recourse to the Reference Asset(s) (as defined below) or any other security or collateral and, in a worst-
case scenario, may not receive any payments under the Notes or Warrants. 
Risks related to linkage to underlying Reference Asset(s) and potential limitations on return 
The Notes and Warrants are linked to an underlying Index or Security or a number of underlying Indices 
or Securities (as applicable, the "Reference Asset(s)"). Investors should be aware of the following risks 
related to the linkage to the Reference Asset(s). 
The Notes and Warrants are not ordinary debt securities and investors are exposed to the risks relating to 
the Reference Asset(s) 
An investment in the Notes and Warrants is not an equivalent to an investment in a time deposit. The terms 
of the Notes and Warrants may differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the Notes may not pay 
interest, the Warrants do not pay interest and, on redemption or expiry (as applicable), depending on the 
performance of the Reference Asset(s), the Notes and Warrants may return less than the amount invested 
or nothing. 
The repayment of any amount invested in Notes and Warrants and any return on investment is variable and 
not guaranteed. Unlike a savings account or similar investment with a lower return and little or no capital 
risk, the Notes and Warrants may potentially have a greater return but there is a greater risk of loss of 
capital. As a result, an investor's return may be below the amount initially invested. 
Payment at maturity or expiry (and/or payment on early redemption or termination in certain circumstances) 
and/or payment of interest amounts depend on the performance of the Reference Asset(s). Investors should 
therefore be prepared to be exposed to the risks related to the Reference Asset(s). The value or level of the 
Reference Asset(s) can alter sharply because it reflects the performance of the underlying value or general 
stock and other market conditions. Therefore, there is a risk that, if the value or level of the Reference 
Asset(s) does not move in the anticipated direction, the Notes or Warrants may return less than the 
amount invested and, in a worst case scenario, investors could lose their entire invested amount. 
In addition, investors should note that there may be a risk that if the issuer of an underlying Security 
becomes insolvent, the value of such Security will become zero. As a result thereof the value of the Notes 
or Warrants will be adversely affected and in a worst case scenario become zero as well. Investors in the 
Notes or Warrants would then lose all of their invested amounts. 
The Issuer cannot predict the value or level of the Reference Asset(s) on any date during the life of the 
Notes or Warrants or at maturity or expiry (as applicable). The total return of the Notes or Warrants may 
be less than other fixed rate instruments, including other securities available directly from the Issuer. 
Investors should compare the rates of return and other features of the Notes or Warrants to other available 
investments before deciding to purchase the Notes or Warrants. 
Past performance of the Reference Asset(s) 
Past performance of the Reference Asset(s), if provided, should not be taken as an indication of future 
performance of the Reference Asset(s). The Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the performance of 
the Reference Asset(s) will result in a positive return on any investment. 
Capital risks relating to Notes and Warrants which are not principal protected 
Unless the relevant Series of Notes or Put and Call Warrants (when held as a pair) is fully principal 
protected, the repayment of any amount invested in Notes or Put and Call Warrants and any return on 
investment is not guaranteed. As a result the investors' capital can fall below the amount initially

--- Page 21 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 9 - 
70-41030487 
 
invested in such Notes or Warrants and, in the worst case, the investors may lose their entire invested 
amount. 
In any event, any principal protection is subject to the Issuer's credit risk (see "Credit risk" above). 
An investment in the Notes is not the same as an investment in the Reference Asset(s) 
An investment in Notes or Warrants relating to Reference Asset(s) is not the same as an investment in the 
Reference Asset(s). The Notes or Warrants do not confer any legal or beneficial interest in any Reference 
Asset(s) or the securities underlying any Reference Asset(s) (if the Reference Asset is an equity index) and 
do not provide a Noteholder or Warrantholder with any of the rights that a holder of such Reference Asset(s) 
may have (such as voting rights and rights to receive dividends). 
Investors intending to purchase Notes or Warrants to hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Asset(s) should recognise that there is a risk that the value of the Notes or Warrants may not 
correlate with the value of the Reference Asset(s) to which they relate. Due to fluctuating supply and 
demand for the Notes or Warrants, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements of 
the Reference Asset(s). In addition, the formula for redemption or exercise may be subject to a cap. For 
these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate assets in a portfolio at the prices 
used to calculate the value of any relevant Reference Asset. Accordingly, investors who invest in Notes or 
Warrants as a means of hedging may be exposed to risks arising out of such differences in value. 
Pricing 
Amounts payable in respect of the Notes and Warrants will be calculated in accordance with the Conditions 
(an investor-friendly description of how the Notes and Warrants work is set out in "Section II.1 – 
Description of the Notes" and "Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants"). 
As part of the valuation mechanism, Notes and Warrants may specify a time and an exchange or other 
venue in which the level or value of the Reference Asset(s) is to be observed or may specify that relevant 
level or price shall be the "highest", "lowest" or "average" level or price observed over a number of specified 
days or a specified period. 
Depending on how the level or value of the Reference Asset(s) is calculated, the level or value of such 
Reference Asset(s) may fluctuate throughout the trading day or any relevant observation dates or 
observation period, and may change rapidly. As a result, investors should note that return on any Notes and 
Warrants may be particularly sensitive to the choice of valuation times and valuation methods. The "price 
discovery" mechanism used to ascertain the value of the underlying at any given time on exchanges or other 
venues may not be uniform throughout the trading day. This may affect the valuation of any issuance of 
Notes and Warrants. For example, exchanges may conduct auctions to set an opening or closing price, and 
trading characteristics and participants in after-hours trading sessions may differ from those during regular 
hour sessions. 
As a result, investors may receive less than would have been the case had an alternate valuation time or 
valuation methodology been specified. 
Value of Baskets 
The value of a basket of Reference Assets to which any Notes or Warrants relate may be affected by the 
number of Reference Assets included in such basket. Generally, the value of a basket that includes 
Reference Assets from a number of companies or obligors or other components or which gives relatively 
equal weight to each Reference Asset will be less affected by changes in the value of any particular 
Reference Asset included therein than a basket that includes fewer Reference Assets or that gives greater 
weight to some Reference Assets. The Notes may provide that determinations with respect to the Notes are 
to be made by reference to the worst performing or best performing of the Reference Assets in the basket. 
If determinations are made with respect to the worst performing Reference Asset, investors will not benefit 
from any positive performance of other Reference Assets in the basket. 
Further, if the Reference Assets included in a basket are all in or connected with a particular industry, the 
value of such basket will be affected to a greater extent by the economic, financial and other factors 
affecting that industry than if the Reference Assets included in the basket relate to various industries that

--- Page 22 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 10 - 
70-41030487 
 
are affected by different economic, financial or other factors or are affected by such factors in different 
ways. 
Investors in the Notes and Warrants are subject to the risk that other risks relating to the Reference Assets 
which adversely affect the value of the Notes or Warrants will be exacerbated due to the number of and/or 
type of Reference Assets. 
Capped Return 
The terms and conditions of Notes and/or Warrants may provide that the return payable on the Notes or 
Warrants is subject to a cap. In these circumstances, the exposure to the performance of the relevant 
Reference Asset(s) may be limited and accordingly, investors could forgo a return that could have been 
made had they invested in a product without a similar cap. 
Notes which include leverage in the return may involve potentially greater losses than Notes which are 
unleveraged 
 
Notes may have a leveraged exposure to the Reference Asset(s) in that the exposure of each Note to the 
Reference Asset(s) may be greater than the amount invested in the Note. Leveraged exposure results in the 
effect of price movements being magnified and may lead to proportionally greater losses in the value of 
and return on the Notes as compared to an unleveraged exposure. Any Note which includes leverage 
represents a very speculative and risky form of investment since negative performance of the Reference 
Asset carries the risk of a correspondingly higher loss of the amount invested in such Note. An investor 
may suffer a significant or total loss of the amount invested. 
Risks of adjustments and/or redemption prior to maturity 
Additional Disruption Events 
Investors intending to purchase Notes or Warrants should note that Additional Disruption Events may occur 
in relation to the relevant Notes and Warrants in certain circumstances described in the Conditions. If any 
Additional Disruption Event occurs in relation to the relevant Notes and Warrants, the Issuer may (and in 
the case of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, only if the Issuer determines that the continuation 
of the Notes is impossible or would result in a significant alteration of the economic balance of the Notes 
compared to that which existed at Issue Date), at its sole and absolute discretion, declare a valuation date 
and designate an early redemption date in respect of the Notes or a termination date in respect of the 
Warrants (as applicable) and the Noteholders or Warrantholders will receive an early redemption amount 
or early termination amount (as applicable) based on the determinations made by the Calculation Agent. 
The following Additional Disruption Events may be specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
• 
in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, "Change 
in Law" may occur where the Issuer determines that (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation, or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation, (x) it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, with the 
passing of time, or has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, 
acquire or dispose of or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the sale of disposal of a Reference 
Asset or Reference Asset Component or any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, any currency 
risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants or Notes (as 
applicable), (y) it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, acquire, 
purchase, sell or maintain one or more (i) positions or contracts in respect of any securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange in relation to such Warrants or Notes (as applicable), or in 
relation to the hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates in connection with 
the Warrants or Notes (as applicable), (ii) stock loan transactions in relation to such Warrants or 
Notes (as applicable) or (iii) other instruments or arrangements held by the Issuer or any of its 
designated affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, such Warrants or Notes 
(as applicable) or (z) the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the Warrants or Notes (as applicable);

--- Page 23 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 11 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
in the case of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, "Change in Law" may occur where the 
Issuer determines that (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation, 
or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, (x) it will, or 
it will, with the passing of time, or has become illegal for the Issuer to issue, have outstanding 
and/or perform its obligations with respect to the Notes or (y) the Issuer will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes; 
• 
"Hedging Disruption" may occur if the Issuer or its affiliates become unable to hedge or would 
suffer material delay in conducting any hedging transactions relating to the Notes and Warrants 
(other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes); 
• 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" may occur where the Issuer would incur a materially increased cost, 
other than as a consequence of deterioration in its own creditworthiness, in hedging its obligations 
under the Notes and Warrants (other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes); and 
• 
"Insolvency Filing" may occur if the issuer of the Reference Asset(s) institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the issuer of the 
Reference Asset(s) shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption prior to the originally scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Notes or early termination prior to the originally scheduled Exercise Dates or Expiry Date of the 
relevant Warrants, Noteholders or, as the case may be, Warrantholders may suffer loss of some or of all of 
their investment and will forgo any future performance in the Reference Asset(s) that may occur following 
such redemption or termination (as applicable). If an early redemption date is designated in respect of a 
Note or an early termination date is designated in respect of a Warrant, there is no guarantee that investors 
will be able to reinvest the proceeds from the Notes or Warrants at a comparable return for a similar level 
of risk. 
Illegality 
Investors in the Notes and Warrants are subject to the risk that the Issuer may terminate its obligations 
under the Notes or Warrants if the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under such Notes or Warrants (or, in the 
case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the Issuer's designated 
affiliates' obligations under any hedging or funding arrangement established in connection therewith) shall 
after the Trade Date have become unlawful or (in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative 
English Law Conditions Notes only) impracticable in whole or in part, unless the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of a Series of Notes specifies "Early Redemption for Impracticability" as not applicable, in which 
case the Issuer will not be entitled to terminate its obligations under such Notes for the reasons of 
impracticability only. Following such a determination of illegality, the Issuer may redeem the Notes or 
terminate its obligations under Warrants against payment of an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent which may be, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Fair Market Value of such Note or 
Warrant immediately prior to such redemption or termination (as applicable). In the case of Notes other 
than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the Final Terms may specify the Early Redemption 
Amount as being the Fair Market Value of such Note immediately prior to such termination. The Fair 
Market Value of a Note or Warrant will be adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
incurred by the Issuer and/or its designated affiliates in connection with the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes or Warrants or any related hedging and/or funding arrangements as a result of such events. 
Noteholders and Warrantholders may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment. As a result of early 
redemption or termination (as applicable), investors in the Notes or Warrants (as applicable), will forgo any 
future performance in the relevant Reference Asset(s) and, in the case of Notes only, future interest 
payments applicable to the Notes (if any).

--- Page 24 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 12 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Conditions provide that it shall not be a default for the Issuer to withhold or refuse any payment of 
principal or interest under the Notes (other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) or any payment 
in respect of the Warrants (1) if the Issuer determines, acting in good faith and, in relation to French Law 
Notes only, in a commercially reasonable manner, that there is a material risk of the payment being contrary 
to any fiscal or other law or regulation or the order of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any statement, 
guidance, policy, recommendation or interpretation of any governmental or regulatory body (whether or 
not having the force of law), in each case applicable to such payment (and any such determination made by 
the Issuer in accordance with advice given at any time by independent legal advisers shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Noteholders or Warrantholders (as applicable)) or (2) in cases of doubt as to the validity 
or applicability of any such law, regulation or order, in accordance with advice given at any time by 
independent legal advisers as to such validity or applicability. So long as such circumstances are continuing, 
investors in the Notes (other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) or Warrants may not receive 
any such payments in respect of them and will not be entitled to any additional payments of interest or 
otherwise as a result of such withholding or refusal. 
Regulation and reform of Benchmarks 
The London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and 
other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are yet to apply. 
These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". For example, following an announcement by the FCA 
on 5 March 2021 (the "FCA LIBOR Announcement"), immediately after 31 December 2021, all sterling, 
euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar settings, either ceased 
to be provided by any administrator or became unrepresentative of the relevant underlying market. The 
FCA LIBOR Announcement also provided that the remaining U.S. dollar settings would similarly either 
cease to be provided or would become unrepresentative immediately after 30 June 2023. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), and Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation"), apply to the provision of benchmarks and the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark within the EU or the UK (as applicable) and prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised 
entities (as applicable) of "benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, together with other international, 
national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks" could have a material 
impact on any Notes or Warrants linked to a "benchmark". Such reforms could result in changes to the 
manner of administration of "benchmarks", with the result that such "benchmarks" may perform differently 
than in the past (and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level) or may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules 
or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes for 
certain benchmarks. 
A Benchmark Trigger Event could occur in relation to the Notes or Warrants 
A "Benchmark Trigger Event" (as defined in the Conditions) may occur in relation to a Series of Notes 
or Warrants linked to a "benchmark" index in a number of scenarios, including: 
• 
upon the cessation of any benchmark; 
• 
where the administrator of a benchmark does not obtain authorisation/registration or is not able to 
rely on one of the regimes available to non-EU benchmarks; or 
• 
certain other events (including, without limitation, an announcement by or on behalf of the 
administrator of a Relevant Benchmark that such Relevant Benchmark will cease to be provided 
or the imposition of restrictions on the use such Relevant Benchmark) determined to have occurred 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 25 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 13 - 
70-41030487 
 
Determination of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
The circumstances with respect to a Relevant Benchmark that may lead to the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event are beyond the Issuer's control. However, in all cases, the Issuer will make a determination 
as to whether the relevant circumstances have arisen. 
In making a determination as to whether the occurrence of the relevant circumstances constitute a 
Benchmark Trigger Event the Issuer may take into consideration any factors the Issuer considers relevant 
to such determination (including prevailing market practice and the impact of such circumstances on any 
related hedging arrangement of the Issuer and/or its affiliates). The Issuer is under no obligation to act in 
the best interests of the holders of the Notes or Warrants in making such determination, and there is no 
guarantee that the determinations made by the Issuer will lead to the best possible outcome for investors. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to a Relevant Benchmark to which the Notes or 
Warrants are linked could result in such Relevant Benchmark being deemed replaced (for the purposes of 
the Notes or Warrants) with an alternative benchmark (a "Replacement Index") selected by the Issuer (or 
any Alternative Pre-nominated Index specified in the Final Terms as applicable), adjustment to the terms 
and conditions pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) of the English 
Law Conditions or the French Law Conditions (as applicable) (in the case of Notes) or Condition 9A 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) (in the case of Warrants), early redemption or termination, 
discretionary valuation by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequences in 
relation to Notes or Warrants linked to such Relevant Benchmark. 
There can be no assurance that the amounts payable to investors in relation to any Notes or Warrants 
following the application of a Replacement Index or the Alternative Pre-nominated Index pursuant to 
Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) of the English Law Conditions or the French 
Law Conditions (as applicable) (in the case of Notes), or a Replacement Index or the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index pursuant to Condition 9A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) (in the case of 
Warrants), and any related adjustments to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes or Warrants, will 
correspond with the amounts that investors would have received if the original Relevant Benchmark had 
continued to apply, and investors may accordingly receive less than they would otherwise have received. 
The determination and use of a Replacement Index or the Alternative Pre-nominated Index following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event may result in changes to the Conditions and/or payments that 
are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made 
on such Notes or Warrants if the Relevant Benchmark remained available in its current form. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes or Warrants. 
Modification, waiver and substitution 
Investors in the Notes or Warrants are subject to the risk that modifications to the Conditions of the Notes 
or Warrants may be made without the consent of any Noteholders or Warrantholders, as the case may be, 
where the Issuer determines that: 
• 
the modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or the 
Warrantholders as a whole; 
• 
where the modification of the Notes or Warrants is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the Issuer's 
jurisdiction of incorporation; or 
• 
where the Conditions are inconsistent with the term sheet relating to the relevant Notes or Warrants. 
There is a commercial risk that the obligations of the Warrantholder or the Noteholder will be owed by a 
principal debtor other than the Issuer. The English Law Notes and the Warrants permit the substitution of 
an affiliate of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the English Law Notes and the Warrants, provided 
that the Issuer provides a guarantee.

--- Page 26 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 14 - 
70-41030487 
 
No investigation has been made of the financial condition or creditworthiness of any issuer of any Reference 
Asset(s) 
No investigation has been made of the financial condition or creditworthiness of any issuer of any Reference 
Asset(s) or the securities underlying a Reference Asset(s) (where the Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) 
in connection with the issue of any Notes or Warrants. Investors in the Notes or Warrants should obtain 
and evaluate the same information concerning the Reference Asset(s) or the securities underlying a 
Reference Asset(s) (where the Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) and each such issuer as they would if 
they were investing directly in the Reference Asset(s) or such securities. In addition, investors should 
understand that the historical performance of the Reference Asset(s) or such securities should not be viewed 
as predictive of future results. 
Risk of automatic early redemption 
The Notes may specify early redemption to be applicable if certain conditions set out in the relevant Final 
Terms are met. Investors should therefore be aware that such Notes may terminate prior to the stated 
maturity date. As a result investors in such Notes may forego any future interest or other payments as well 
as any appreciation or depreciation (as applicable) in the underlying Reference Assets. 
Currency Related Risks 
FX Disruption Event 
Investors in the Notes or Warrants should be aware that, following the occurrence of a FX Disruption Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) the Issuer may (a) unless Redemption following FX Disruption or 
Termination following FX Disruption (as applicable) is specified as being not applicable in the relevant 
final terms, elect to redeem the Notes or terminate the Warrants (as applicable) against payment of an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes or Warrants, 
which (in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) may be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Notes or Warrants less the 
cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements (such 
amount may be less than any amount received at maturity or expiry or exercise and may result in a loss to 
the investors), or (b) (i) (in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions 
Notes) instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes or Warrants 
as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect any market practice which develops in respect of the 
FX Disruption Event or (ii) (in the case of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) instruct the 
Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as it determines to be necessary or desirable 
to reflect or account for the FX Disruption Event with a view to produce a commercially reasonable result 
which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to the 
relevant FX Disruption Event. 
As a result of any such adjustment, Noteholders or Warrantholders may suffer a loss of some or all of their 
investment and may forego any future performance in the relevant Reference Asset(s). If an early 
redemption date is designated in respect of a Note or an early termination date is designated in respect of a 
Warrant, there is no guarantee that investors will be able to reinvest the proceeds from the Notes or Warrants 
at a comparable return for a similar level of risk. 
Additionally, if, by reason of an FX Disruption Event, the Issuer is unable to settle payments in respect of 
the Notes or Warrants in the Settlement Currency the Issuer may settle payments by payment of the 
Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent (which will be an amount in USD or such other currency 
specified as the Alternative Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms). 
Price Source Disruption 
If Price Source Disruption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to any Notes or 
Warrants, then if for any reason a relevant rate of exchange is not available the Calculation Agent may (i) 
use alternative sources to determine an exchange rate (such source as may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent), (ii) postpone the determination of the rate of exchange (subject to a postponement cut-off of 30 
calendar days (or such other number of calendar days as may be specified in the Final Terms) after which 
the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the rate) and use exchange rates prevailing at later times or (iii) determine the rate of exchange as the

--- Page 27 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 15 - 
70-41030487 
 
arithmetic mean of exchange rates provided by leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market. 
The exchange rate so determined may differ from the rate which would have prevailed but for the 
occurrence of the disruption and this may lead to a decrease in the amount payable to the investors. In 
addition, if the Calculation Agent postpones the determination of the rate of exchange the due dates for any 
payments in respect of the Notes or Warrants (including, without limitation, the maturity date or cash 
settlement payment date) may also be postponed. 
If a specified fixing date for the determination of a relevant exchange rate is an Unscheduled Holiday, the 
fixing date will be postponed to the next relevant currency business day which is not an Unscheduled 
Holiday, (subject to a postponement cut-off of 30 calendar days (or such other number of calendar days as 
may be specified in the Final Terms) after which the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, shall determine its good faith estimate of the relevant rate). 
Exchange control risks 
Investors in Notes and Warrants should also be aware that there is the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency or Settlement Currency such as government and monetary authorities may 
impose or modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate or transfer of funds in and out of the country. It is impossible to predict whether 
the value of one such currency relative to another will rise or fall during the term of the Notes or Warrants. 
As a result of exchange controls and restrictions the Issuer may not be able to make payments under the 
Notes or Warrants in the Settlement Currency and will therefore pay the equivalent of the amounts due 
under the Notes in U.S. dollars or another currency. Investors in the Notes or Warrants may therefore 
receive payment in a different currency than the currency expected, and may forgo any future performance 
of the Settlement Currency. 
Investor converting amounts paid in the Settlement Currency into the Investor's Currency 
If an investor anticipates that it will need to convert payments made under the Notes or Warrants from the 
Settlement Currency into a currency of its choice (the "Investor's Currency") (for instance, if other 
obligations of the investor are payable in the Investor's Currency), then the investor is subject to the risk 
that the currency conversion rate which it must pay for exchanging the Settlement Currency into the 
Investor's Currency becomes less attractive and therefore decreases the realisable value of its investment. 
It is impossible to predict whether the value of one such currency relative to another will rise or fall during 
the term of the Notes and Warrants. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Settlement Currency at any time 
would decrease (i) the value of any redemption or exercise amount (as applicable) payable to the investor 
and (ii) the market value of the Notes and Warrants, in each case where converted into the Investor's 
Currency at that time. As a result, the amount that the investors receive in respect of the Notes and/or 
Warrants, as converted, may be less than expected or zero. 
Market Disruption Events 
Investors in the Notes and Warrants are subject to the risk that a Market Disruption Event will occur in 
relation to a Reference Asset. A Market Disruption Event may occur in respect of Notes and Warrants if, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent: a related stock exchange closes early without notice; limitations 
are imposed on trading; trading is suspended; or market participants are prevented from obtaining 
valuations or effecting transactions. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, then this will result in 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day in relation to the relevant Reference Asset, the consequences of which 
are discussed in the immediately following paragraphs. 
Disrupted Day 
Investors in the Notes and Warrants are subject to the risk that a Disrupted Day may occur in relation to a 
Reference Asset. A Disrupted Day may occur in respect of Notes and Warrants if, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent: a stock exchange or related stock exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or if an index sponsor fails to publish 
the level of an index.

--- Page 28 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 16 - 
70-41030487 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred, the Calculation Agent may postpone 
the Valuation Date to a later date which is not a Disrupted Day, provided that the Valuation Date will not 
be postponed beyond the eighth consecutive Scheduled Trading Day (or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days as may be specified in the Final Terms) after the Scheduled Valuation Date (the "Limit 
Valuation Date"). If the Calculation Agent postpones the Valuation Date the due dates for any payments 
or delivery in respect of the Notes or Warrants (including, without limitation, the maturity date, settlement 
date or cash settlement payment date) may also be postponed. Any such postponement may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes or Warrants. 
Risks relating to disposal of Notes or Warrants prior to expiry or maturity 
There may be no active trading market or secondary market liquidity for the Notes or Warrants 
Any Series of Notes or Warrants issued will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is no active trading market (even where, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is 
to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche which is already issued). If the Notes or 
Warrants are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar Notes or Warrants (as applicable), general 
economic conditions, commissions paid by the Issuer and the financial condition of the Issuer and existing 
liquidity arrangements (if any) might not protect Noteholders from having to sell the Notes at substantial 
discounts to their principal amount in case of financial distress of the Issuer. Accordingly, the investor is 
subject to the risk that its investment in the Notes and Warrants may be difficult or impossible to trade. If 
a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and such liquidity may be sensitive to changes in financial 
markets. 
It is not possible to predict whether any trading market for the Notes and Warrants will develop or, if it 
does, the price at which Notes and Warrants will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will 
be liquid or illiquid. If any Notes and Warrants are not listed or traded on any exchange, pricing information 
for the Notes and Warrants may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Notes and Warrants may 
be adversely affected. Also, to the extent that Notes are redeemed or purchased and cancelled or Warrants 
are exercised or purchased and cancelled, the number of Notes or Warrants outstanding will decrease, 
resulting in a lessening of the liquidity of the Notes and Warrants. A lessening of the liquidity of the Notes 
and Warrants may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of the Notes and 
Warrants. An investor in the Notes or Warrants is subject to the risk, therefore, that to the extent that there 
is no liquid market in the Notes and Warrants, an investor may have to wait until redemption of such Notes 
or until it is able to exercise such Warrants in order to realise the value of its investment and, as such, an 
investor should proceed on the assumption that they may have to bear the economic risk of an investment 
in the Notes or Warrants until their maturity or exercise date (as applicable). 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes and Warrants 
The value of Notes and Warrants prior to maturity or expiry (as applicable) is expected to depend on a 
number of factors including, without limitation: (i) the financial condition and funding costs of the Issuer; 
(ii) the value and volatility of the Reference Asset(s) and liquidity of the Reference Asset(s); (iii) the time 
remaining to expiration or maturity; (iv) any change(s) in interest rates and dividend yields and inflation 
rates; (v) any change(s) in currency exchange rates; (vi) economic and market conditions and (vii) any 
related transaction costs. As a result of these factors the price at which a Noteholder or Warrantholder will 
be able to sell the Notes or Warrants prior to maturity or expiry (as applicable) may be less than the initial 
amount invested in the Notes or Warrants. Each of these factors interrelate in complex ways (for example, 
one factor may offset an increase in the value of the Notes or Warrants caused by another factor). Investors 
are subject to the risk that the value of Notes or Warrants may be adversely affected by one or more of the 
following factors: 
(a) 
Fluctuations in the value or level of the Reference Asset(s) 
Fluctuations in the value or level of the Reference Asset(s) may affect the value of the Notes or 
Warrants, but equally an investor in the Notes or Warrants is subject to the risk that expectations 
of fluctuations in value or level of the Reference Asset during the remaining period to the maturity 
of the Notes or expiry of the Warrants (as applicable) or any earlier redemption or exercise date 
would adversely affect amounts payable in respect of the Notes or Warrants. The level or value of

--- Page 29 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 17 - 
70-41030487 
 
the Reference Asset(s) may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety 
of factors which may include corporate actions, macro-economic factors and speculation. 
(b) 
Interest rates 
Rising interest rates may lower the value of the Reference Asset(s), and thus, the value of the Notes 
and Warrants. Changes in interest rates may also affect the economy of a country in which the 
Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) 
is an equity index) are traded, and which may adversely affect the value of the Notes and Warrants. 
(c) 
Volatility of Reference Asset(s) 
If the size and frequency of market fluctuations in value of the Reference Asset(s) increase or 
decrease, the trading value of the Notes and Warrants may be adversely affected. 
(d) 
Time remaining to maturity or expiry 
The Notes and Warrants may trade at a value above that which would be expected based on the 
level of interest rates and the level of the Reference Asset(s). Any such difference will reflect a 
"time premium" resulting from expectations concerning the Reference Asset(s) during the period 
prior to the maturity of the Notes or expiry of the Warrants. An investor in the Notes and Warrants 
should be aware of the risk that, as the time remaining to the redemption or exercise (as applicable) 
of the Notes and Warrants decreases, this time premium would likely decrease, which would 
adversely affect the value of the Notes and Warrants. 
(e) 
Dividend rates 
An investor in the Notes and Warrants is subject to the risk that changes in dividend or other 
distribution rates on the Reference Asset(s) may adversely affect the trading value of the Notes and 
Warrants. If the dividend or other income rates on the Reference Asset(s) increase, the trading 
value of the Notes and Warrants are likely to decrease as the Notes and Warrants generally do not 
reflect such distributions by way of increase in amounts payable on exercise or redemption, or 
pass-through payments of such distributions. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer and/or affiliates of the Issuer may from time to time: (i) advise or engage in business with the 
issuers of or obligors in respect of Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying Reference Asset(s) (where 
such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) regarding transactions to be entered into by them; (ii) engage 
in transactions involving Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying Reference Asset(s) (where such 
Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) for their proprietary accounts, for other accounts under their 
management or to facilitate client orders; (iii) carry out hedging activities related to the Notes and Warrants 
by purchasing or entering into derivatives transactions relating to the Reference Asset(s) or securities 
underlying Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) (but will not be obliged 
to do so); (iv) publish research reports relating to Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying Reference 
Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index); or (v) have or acquire non-public information 
about Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) 
is an equity index). In undertaking any such activities, neither the Issuer nor any affiliate of the Issuer is 
under any obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders or Warrantholders and any such activities 
may have a negative effect on the value or level of such Reference Asset(s) and therefore on the value of 
any Notes and Warrants to which they relate. 
In addition, the conditions of the Notes or Warrants may provide for (a) the early redemption of the Notes, 
or early termination of the Warrants, as the case may be, and/or (b) a lesser amount being payable in respect 
of the Notes or Warrants, if the value of any Reference Asset(s) exceeds, falls below, is equal to or does 
not stay within pre-determined reference levels ("Threshold Events"). The activities described in the 
preceding paragraph may cause such Threshold Events to be triggered, which could potentially have a 
negative impact on the value of any Notes and Warrants to which they relate. 
Certain affiliates of the Issuer or the Issuer itself may (i) be the counterparty to the hedge of the Issuer's 
obligations under an issue of Notes and Warrants; (ii) be the Calculation Agent responsible for making 
determinations and calculations in connection with the Notes and Warrants; or (iii) publish research reports

--- Page 30 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 18 - 
70-41030487 
 
which express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the 
Notes and Warrants referencing the Reference Asset(s). Accordingly, there is a risk that certain conflicts 
of interest may arise both among the Issuer or these affiliates and between the interests of the Issuer or these 
affiliates and the interests of Noteholders or Warrantholders (as applicable). 
Calculation Agent's discretion and valuations 
Calculation of the interest payments (if applicable) and/or amount payable in respect of redemption or 
expiry or exercise may be by reference to certain specified screen rate(s), level(s) or value(s) published on 
an exchange or other quotation system, or if any such rate(s), level(s) or value(s) is not displayed at the 
relevant time, rate(s), level(s) or value(s) (as applicable) determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, or otherwise, an exercise of its discretion in accordance 
with and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the applicable Notes and Warrants. The Calculation Agent 
may also have other discretionary powers (including without limitation, powers to (i) adjust terms and 
conditions of Notes and Warrants; (ii) in certain circumstances, substitute the Reference Asset; (iii) 
postpone payment; (iv) redeem or terminate the Notes and Warrants prior to their scheduled maturity or 
expiry, as applicable; or (v) apply any combination of the foregoing). 
Investors should be aware that the exercise of its discretionary powers as Calculation Agent (which may be 
the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer) under the conditions of the Notes and Warrants, or (in circumstances 
where the Issuer has entered into hedging arrangements), as calculation agent under any related hedge, may 
have an adverse impact on the performance of the Notes and Warrants, which may result in a lower return, 
or no return at all. The Calculation Agent shall have no obligations to the holders of Notes or Warrants and 
all calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes and Warrants 
shall (save in the case of manifest error at the time the relevant determination is made) be final and binding 
on the Issuer and all Noteholders and Warrantholders. Further, the Calculation Agent may be permitted to 
use its proprietary models in setting the terms of an adjustment, and it may be difficult for investors to 
predict the resulting adjustments in advance. In such case, an investor would be subject to the risk that it 
would be difficult to verify that adjustments made to payments under the Notes and Warrants are legitimate 
and consistent with the terms of an issue of Notes and Warrants without expertise in applying valuation 
models. 
Fees, commission and cost of hedging 
Investors may be liable for distribution commissions or fees charged by the Issuer and/or its affiliates and/or 
the cost or expected cost of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or Warrants (if any). Such fee, 
commission and cost of hedging may be deducted from the redemption or settlement amount payable in 
respect of the Notes (in the case of Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) or Warrants, 
which may reduce the amounts payable on the Notes or Warrants. Alternately, if such fees, commissions 
and costs of hedging are included in the issue price of the Notes or Warrants, investors will be exposed to 
the risk that the price at which they may be able to sell the Notes or Warrants in any secondary market 
(including the price (if any) at which the Issuer or its affiliates may be willing to purchase Notes from the 
investor) would be lower than the original issue price. Such price differential may also be greater than may 
be the case if the investor had purchased a similar product from a different issuer as the issue price for the 
Notes or Warrants will be determined by pricing models used by the Issuer or affiliates which may differ 
from comparable models used by other issuers. 
Hedging activities of the Issuer and affiliates 
The Issuer or its affiliates may carry out hedging activities relating to the obligations of the Issuer to make 
payments and/or deliveries under the Notes and Warrants, including purchasing Reference Asset(s) or 
securities underlying Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index), but will not 
be obliged to do so. Certain of the Issuer's affiliates may also purchase and sell the Reference Asset(s) or 
securities underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) on a regular 
basis as part of their securities businesses. Trading activity in relation to such securities (including those 
undertaken by the Issuer, either as part of its hedging activities or as part of their securities businesses) may 
affect the value of such Reference Asset(s) or securities. For example, the Issuer's trading activities may 
contribute to increased demand for the securities which may lead to an increase in value (as the number of 
securities of any type available are limited to those in issue), or conversely may contribute to decreased 
demand for the securities, which may lead to a decrease in value. The value of an equity index is dependent 
on the value of the securities underlying such Index, thus any effect on the value of the securities underlying

--- Page 31 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 19 - 
70-41030487 
 
such an Index (either positive or negative) may affect the value of such Index and, accordingly, the value 
of the Notes or Warrants. 
Clearing systems 
English Law Notes and Warrants may be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the English Law Notes and Warrants are represented by a global Note or Warrant held by or on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will be able to trade their interests only through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. In addition, English Law Notes and Warrants may be issued as 
Uncertificated Registered Notes or Uncertificated Registered Warrants, in which case CREST will maintain 
records of the interests in such Notes or Warrants and investors will be able to trade their interests only 
through CREST. Investors in the English Law Notes or Warrants will have to rely on procedures of such 
clearing systems for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer to receive payments under the 
English Law Notes or Warrants. Investors are therefore subject to the risk of those settlement procedures 
failing such that payments due under the English Law Notes may be delayed and that book entries or entries 
in the register are entered incorrectly which may lead to difficulties with an investor asserting ownership 
of its Notes or Warrants. 
The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
interests in the global Notes or Warrants. Holders of interests in the global Notes or Warrants will not have 
a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant English Law Notes or Warrants. Instead, such holders will 
be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or CREST to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English or French law, as the case may be, and United Kingdom tax law in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. There is a risk that the interpretation and/or effect of the 
Conditions may be subject to change in such a manner as to adversely affect the contractual rights of 
Noteholders and Warrantholders. 
Applicable Bank Resolution Powers 
The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) ("BRRD") provides an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and their parent companies and other group 
companies. The BRRD is designed to provide relevant authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system. In the United Kingdom the Banking Act 2009, as amended (the "Banking Act") has 
implemented the majority of the provisions of the BRRD, and was recently amended by, amongst other 
statutory instruments, The Bank Recovery and Resolution (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020, 
which implement into United Kingdom law certain of the recent amendments to BRRD which were 
required to be implemented prior to IP Completion Day (as defined in the EUWA). 
Statutory Intervention Powers 
The Issuer is subject to the Banking Act which gives wide powers in respect of UK banks and their parent 
and other group companies to HM Treasury, the Bank of England, the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (each a "relevant UKRA") in circumstances where a 
UK bank has encountered or is likely to encounter financial difficulties. 
These powers include powers to: (a) transfer all or some of the securities issued by a UK bank or its parent, 
or all or some of the property, rights and liabilities of a UK bank or its parent (which would include the 
Notes and Warrants issued by the Issuer under the Programme), to a commercial purchaser or, in the case 
of securities, to HM Treasury or an HM Treasury nominee, or, in the case of property, rights or liabilities, 
to an entity owned by the Bank of England); (b) override any default provisions, contracts or other 
agreements, including provisions that would otherwise allow a party to terminate a contract or accelerate 
the payment of an obligation; (c) commence certain insolvency procedures in relation to a UK bank; and 
(d) override, vary or impose contractual obligations, for reasonable consideration, between a UK bank or 
its parent and its group undertakings (including undertakings which have ceased to be members of the 
group), in order to enable any transferee or successor bank of the UK bank to operate effectively.

--- Page 32 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 20 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Banking Act also gives power to HM Treasury to make further amendments to the law for the purpose 
of enabling it to use the special resolution regime powers effectively, potentially with retrospective effect. 
Power to reduce Noteholders' and Warrantholders' claims 
The powers granted to the relevant UKRA also include powers to vary or extinguish the claims of certain 
creditors. These powers include a "bail-in" power. 
The bail-in power gives the relevant UKRA the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, 
or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include the Notes and/or Warrants) of a failing 
financial institution or its holding company, to convert certain debt claims (which could be amounts payable 
under the Notes and/or Warrants) into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if 
any and/or to amend or alter the terms of such claims, including the maturity of the Notes or the expiry of 
the Warrants or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. The Banking Act requires the 
relevant UKRA to apply the bail-in power in accordance with a specified preference order which differs 
from the ordinary insolvency order. In particular, the relevant UKRA must write-down or convert debts in 
the following order: (i) additional tier 1, (ii) tier 2, (iii) other subordinated claims and (iv) certain senior 
claims. The claims of some creditors whose claims would rank equally with those of the Noteholders and/or 
Warrantholders may be excluded from bail-in. The impact of bail-in on the Noteholders and/or 
Warrantholders will be greater the more of such creditors there are. The bail-in power is subject to the "no 
creditor worse off" safeguard, under which any shareholder or creditor which receives less favourable 
treatment than they would have had the institution entered into insolvency may be entitled to compensation. 
Although the exercise of bail-in power under the Banking Act is subject to certain pre-conditions, there 
remains uncertainty regarding the specific factors (including, but not limited to, factors outside the control 
of the Issuer or not directly related to the Issuer) which the relevant UKRA would consider in deciding 
whether to exercise such power with respect to the Issuer and its securities (including the Notes or the 
Warrants). Moreover, as the relevant UKRA may have considerable discretion in relation to how and when 
it may exercise such power, holders of the Issuer's securities may not be able to refer to publicly available 
criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of power and consequently its potential effect on the Issuer 
and its securities. 
Powers to direct restructuring of the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
As well as a bail-in power, the powers of the relevant UKRA under the Banking Act include the power to 
(i) direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that 
would otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for such purpose that is wholly or partially in public control) and 
(iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only).  In addition, the 
Banking Act gives the relevant UKRA power to amend the maturity date or expiry date and/or any interest 
payment date of debt instruments, securities or other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution 
and/or impose a temporary suspension of payments and/or discontinue the listing and admission to trading 
of debt instruments or securities. 
The exercise by the relevant UKRA of any of the above powers under the Banking Act may limit the Issuer's 
capacity to meet its obligations under the Notes or Warrants and the exercise of any such powers (including 
especially the bail-in power) could lead to the holders of the Notes or Warrants losing some or all of their 
investment. 
Moreover, trading behaviour in relation to the securities of the Issuer (including the Notes and Warrants), 
including market prices and volatility, may be affected by the use of, or any suggestion of the use of, these 
powers and accordingly, in such circumstances, the Notes and Warrants are not necessarily expected to 
follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities.  There can be no assurance that the 
taking of any actions under the Banking Act by the relevant UKRA or the manner in which its powers under 
the Banking Act are exercised will not materially adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes or 
Warrants, the market value of the Notes or Warrants and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes and Warrants.

--- Page 33 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 21 - 
70-41030487 
 
Although the Banking Act also makes provision for public financial support to be provided to an institution 
in resolution subject to certain conditions, it provides that the financial public support should only be used 
as a last resort after the relevant UKRA has assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, all 
the resolution tools, including the bail-in power.  Accordingly, it is unlikely that investors in the Notes or 
Warrants will benefit from such support even if it were provided. 
Further and other issues of Notes and Warrants 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Warrantholders 
to create and issue further notes or warrants to be consolidated with and form a single series with the 
outstanding Notes or Warrants. In addition, the Issuer may issue other notes, warrants and/or other 
instruments, the value of which is linked to the relevant Reference Asset(s). Any such issue of further notes 
or warrants may increase the availability of such instruments and consequently may have an adverse effect 
on the value of Notes or Warrants. 
Specific risk factors relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants 
Successor Index, Index Modification, Index Cancellation 
In certain circumstances, certain adjustments may be made to an Index, which may result in a loss to the 
Noteholders or Warrantholders. The Issuer considers the following to be material risks of adjustment: 
(i) 
the replacement of the relevant Index by a successor index if the relevant Index is not calculated 
or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or is replaced by a successor index; 
(ii) 
the modification of the relevant Index by the relevant Index Sponsor which may have a material 
effect on the Notes and Warrants; and 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the relevant Index by the relevant Index Sponsor which may result in either (A) 
the redemption of the relevant Notes or the termination of the relevant Warrants upon payment of 
such amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the Fair Market Value of the 
Notes or Warrants immediately prior to such redemption or termination (or, in the case of 
Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the Early Redemption Amount, but only if the Issuer 
determines that the continuation of the Notes is impossible or would result in a significant alteration 
of the economic balance of the Notes compared to that which existed at Issue Date) or (B) the 
continuation of the Notes and Warrants, in which case the relevant level of the Index will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As a result of any such replacement, modification or cancellation, Noteholders or Warrantholders may 
suffer a loss of some or all of their investment and may forego any future performance in the relevant Index. 
If an early redemption date is designated in respect of a Note or an early termination date is designated in 
respect of a Warrant, there is no guarantee that investors will be able to reinvest the proceeds from the 
Notes or Warrants at a comparable return for a similar level of risk. 
Specific risk factors relating to Equity-Linked Notes and Warrants 
Extraordinary Events 
There is a risk in respect of Equity-Linked Notes or Warrants that certain Extraordinary Events may occur 
in respect of Reference Asset(s) (such as a merger, a takeover or exchange offer, delisting, nationalisation 
or transfer to a governmental agency or the insolvency or bankruptcy of the issuer of the Reference 
Asset(s)). If such event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may take certain actions, such as adjusting 
certain Conditions or redeeming the Notes or terminating the Warrants. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption or termination of the relevant Equity-Linked Notes or 
Warrants, the holders thereof may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment and will forego any future 
performance in the relevant Reference Asset(s) that may occur following such redemption or termination. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Investors in Equity-Linked Notes or Warrants are subject to the risk that certain circumstances in respect 
of Reference Asset(s) occur (such as a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of securities, a

--- Page 34 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 22 - 
70-41030487 
 
distribution of dividend or extraordinary dividend or any other event that may have a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Reference Asset(s)). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that such circumstances have occurred, the Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to) make 
such corresponding adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, to the number of Reference Asset(s) 
to which each Equity-Linked Note or Warrant relates and to any other exercise, settlement, payment or 
other term of the relevant Equity-Linked Notes or Warrants to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect, and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). In the case of Alternative English Law 
Conditions Notes only, such adjustment(s) must be made with a view to produce a commercially reasonable 
result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to 
the relevant Potential Adjustment Event. Such adjustments may adversely affect the value of the relevant 
Equity-Linked Notes or Warrants and/or any amount payable on redemption or termination of the Notes or 
Warrants and the holders thereof may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment as a result. 
Events relating to DR-Linked Notes and DR-Linked Warrants 
Investors in DR-Linked Notes and Warrants are subject to the risk that a delisting may occur in relation to 
the Depository Receipts or that the related Deposit Agreement is or will be terminated. Following such 
event, the Issuer may determine (a) that the DR-Linked Notes or Warrants shall continue, in which case it 
shall elect whether the security shall thereafter be Replacement DRs or the Underlying Security and the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate to the terms of the Notes 
or (b) that (in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) the 
Warrants or Notes shall not continue or that (in the case of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes) the 
continuation of the Notes is impossible or would result in a significant alteration to the economic balance 
of the Notes compared to that which existed at the Issue Date, in which case the Notes or Warrants will be 
terminated and investors will receive the Early Redemption Amount (in the case of Alternative English 
Law Conditions Notes) or the Fair Market Value (in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative 
English Law Conditions Notes). Such adjustments or termination may adversely affect the value of the 
relevant DR-Linked Notes and Warrants and/or any amount payable on redemption or termination of the 
DR-Linked Notes or Warrants and the holders thereof may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment 
as a result. 
Specific risks relating to Equity-Linked Notes and Warrants where the Securities are Units in an 
exchange-traded fund 
In respect of Equity-Linked Notes and Warrants where the Reference Asset(s) are units in an exchange-
traded fund, one of the following events may occur: 
(i) 
the relevant fund is (or is to be) wound-up or similar, or makes a restructuring arrangement with 
its creditors or certain insolvency proceedings or similar are commenced against the fund; 
(ii) 
breach by the relevant fund of any applicable leverage restriction or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the fund or any of its assets; 
(iii) 
resignation, termination or replacement of the fund adviser; 
(iv) 
any change or modification of the fund documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the 
value of the Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof from those prevailing on the 
Issue Date; 
(v) 
any breach of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the fund documents that is reasonably 
likely to affect the value of the Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof; 
(vi) 
in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, it becomes 
impractical or impossible for the Issuer to hedge its obligations under the Notes or Warrants, as 
applicable; 
(vii) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Units or the fund by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Units or the fund; 
(viii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the fund or the fund adviser 
that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Units or on any investor 
therein;

--- Page 35 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 23 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ix) 
the relevant fund becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged breach of applicable law for any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the fund; 
(x) 
it becomes impractical or impossible for the Calculation Agent to be able to determine the value 
of the units in the fund and this is likely to continue for the foreseeable future, or if there is an 
information failure which would make it difficult to monitor the fund; 
(xi) 
in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the 
Calculation Agent has determined that it has become illegal to hold the units in the fund or that the 
Issuer would incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes or 
Warrants; 
(xii) 
in the case of Warrants and Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the Issuer 
would incur a materially increased amount of tax on its hedge of the Notes and Warrants except 
for where this is solely due to a deterioration in the Issuer's creditworthiness; 
(xiii) 
the index underlying a fund is cancelled, or there is a material change in the formula or method of 
calculating the underlying index or other material modification of the relevant index, or the index 
sponsor fails to calculate and announce the underlying index; or 
(xiv) 
in the case of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the Calculation Agent determines in good 
faith that the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the 
Notes due to any change in any applicable law or regulation (including tax law) or due to the 
change in the interpretation of any applicable law or regulation by any court or tribunal (including 
a taxing authority). 
Following the occurrence of such event ("Extraordinary ETF Event"), the Calculation Agent may make 
certain adjustments to or substitutions for the Affected Units as the Calculation Agent may determine or 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the relevant Notes or Warrants shall be terminated upon payment 
to the holders thereof of the Fair Market Value (or, in the case of Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, 
the Early Redemption Amount) of the Notes or Warrants (as applicable), each of which may result in a loss 
to such holders. 
Tax and Currency Risk 
The tax status of funds in those jurisdictions in which they conduct their business and/or any change in 
taxation rules or treatment in such jurisdictions could affect the value of the assets of such funds or the 
ability of funds to achieve their investment objectives. Consequently this could adversely affect the value 
of the Notes or Warrants linked to such funds. In addition, remittance of income and capital gains generated 
by underlying investments of funds in certain countries may be dependent on there being liquidity in the 
relevant local currency and the absence of foreign exchange controls which inhibit or prevent the 
repatriation of such gains. In any such circumstances, the value of the notional shares of funds may be 
adversely affected and as a result the relevant funds and the value of the Notes or Warrants may be adversely 
affected. 
Class of Investments 
Prospective purchasers or investors should note that funds may have legal or other discretions in relation 
to their investments and no assurance can be given that the exercise of such discretions will achieve the 
investment objectives of such funds. Therefore, there is a risk that return on an investment in funds may 
not be achieved. This would have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes or Warrants and any amounts 
payable thereunder. 
Investment Risk 
There can be no assurance that any fund will achieve its investment objectives. The investment income of 
each fund is based on the income earned on the securities it holds, less expenses incurred. Therefore, the 
funds' investment income may be expected to fluctuate in response to changes in such expenses or income 
and this may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes or Warrants and any amounts payable 
thereunder.

--- Page 36 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 24 - 
70-41030487 
 
High yield 
Some reference funds may invest in high yield securities. High yield securities are typically medium or 
lower rated securities and are sometimes referred to as "junk bonds". Such securities are more likely to 
react to developments affecting market and credit risk than are more highly rated securities, which primarily 
react to movements in the general level of interest rates. The risk of loss due to default by issuers of high 
yield securities is significantly greater because lower rated and unrated securities of comparable quality 
generally are unsecured and frequently are subordinated to the prior payment of senior indebtedness. In 
addition, funds which invest in such securities may find it more difficult to sell high yield securities or may 
be able to sell the securities only at prices lower than if such securities were widely traded. Furthermore, 
such funds may experience difficulty in valuing certain securities at certain times. Prices realised upon the 
sale of such lower rated (or unrated) securities, under these circumstances, may be less than the prices used 
in calculating the value of such funds. All such risks could adversely affect the value of Notes or Warrants 
linked to funds which invest in high yield securities. 
(3) 
Risks relating to taxation of the Notes or Warrants 
Taxation and other charges in relation to the Notes and Warrants 
Transactions involving Notes and Warrants may be subject to United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty 
reserve tax, and are subject to the risk that instruments effecting or evidencing transfers of Notes or 
Warrants and executed in the United Kingdom may not be admissible in evidence in civil proceedings 
unless duly stamped. An instrument of transfer executed outside the United Kingdom is also subject to the 
risk that it may be inadmissible in United Kingdom civil proceedings unless duly stamped after it has been 
first received in the United Kingdom. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes all payments and deliveries will be subject to any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment and Noteholders may be responsible for paying, or suffer 
a deduction for, any applicable duties, taxes or other charges imposed by such laws and regulations, subject 
only to the Issuer's obligation to gross-up in relation to certain United Kingdom taxes under Condition 6B 
(Taxation - Gross-up). This gross-up obligation is applicable provided Condition 6B (Taxation - Gross-up) 
is specified as applying to a Series of Notes and is subject to a number of exceptions and covers only certain 
withholdings and deductions on account of United Kingdom taxes; in particular, it does not cover stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or similar transfer taxes. 
If Condition 6B (Taxation - Gross-up) is not specified as applying to a Series of Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer will not be required to gross-up or pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes in 
respect of which any withholding or deduction has been required to be made in respect of any tax. 
Accordingly, investors may receive a lower return than would be received on an investment where no 
withholding tax is payable or where the relevant issuer has an obligation to gross-up for such withholdings 
or deductions. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Warrants, Warrantholders are responsible for paying all stamp duties, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties, securities transfer taxes and any other charges, if any, 
payable in connection with the subscription, purchase or exercise of the Warrants. The Issuer will not be 
liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a 
result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Warrants nor shall it be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts to the Warrantholders in respect of any withholdings or deductions that are made on payments to 
them on account of any taxes. 
Potential investors who are in any doubt about the tax consequences of purchasing any Notes or Warrants 
should consult and rely on their own tax advisors. 
French FTT 
Pursuant to Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code, acquisitions for consideration of equity securities 
(titre de capital) within the meaning of Article L 212-1 A of the French Monetary and Financial Code or 
similar instruments within the meaning of Article L 211-41 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
that provide or could provide access to capital or voting rights, resulting in a transfer of ownership within 
the meaning of Article L 211-17 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (that is resulting from the 
registration of the acquired securities in the securities accounts of the purchaser), admitted to trading on a

--- Page 37 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 25 - 
70-41030487 
 
French, European or foreign regulated market within the meaning of Articles L 421-4, L 422-1 or L 423-1 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code and issued by a company having its head office in France and 
whose market capitalisation as of 1 December of the year preceding the year in which the acquisition occurs 
exceeds EUR 1 billion ("French Qualifying Securities"), are subject to the French financial transactions 
tax ("French FTT"), levied at the rate of 0.3 per cent. The French FTT also applies to an acquisition of 
securities (irrespective of which entity issued such securities) when these securities represent French 
Qualifying Securities ("Synthetic French Qualifying Securities"). If applicable, the cost of the French 
FTT may be deducted from the amounts payable to the Warrantholders and/or Noteholders. 
The French FTT could also be triggered if the Issuer and/or its affiliates choose to purchase Reference 
Asset(s) or securities underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) to 
hedge their exposure under the Notes and/or Warrants if such Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying 
the Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index) are French Qualifying Securities 
or Synthetic French Qualifying Securities and assuming none of the French FTT exemptions provided for 
by Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code applies to the relevant acquisition. Therefore, Noteholders 
and/or Warrantholders are subject to the risk that payments under the Notes and/or the Warrants may be 
adversely affected by the French FTT, where applicable, as this tax may be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount amounts payable to the Noteholders and/or 
Warrantholders (as applicable). 
Italy 
Italian financial transaction tax may apply to Notes and Warrants linked to Reference Assets that are 
securities issued by Italian issuers or are Indices in respect of which the underlying securities are securities 
issued by an Italian issuer 
A financial transaction tax has been introduced under Italian law, ("Italian FTT"), pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 491 – 500, of Law 24 December 2012, no. 228, as implemented by Ministerial Decree issued 
on 21 February 2013 and amended by Ministerial Decree issued on 16 September 2013. The Italian FTT 
applies, inter alia, on cash settled derivatives ("Italian FTT on Derivatives") executed or modified on or 
after 1 September 2013, both traded or not on Qualifying Markets (as defined below) and unlisted, whose 
underlying are mainly shares or participating financial instruments issued by Italian resident companies or 
the value of shares issued by Italian resident companies, including warrants and certificates. The condition 
is met when more than 50 per cent. of the equity portion of the underlying is represented by the market 
value of shares or participated financial instruments issued by Italian resident companies. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Italian FTT on Derivatives could be triggered where the issuer of a 
Reference Asset relating to the Warrants and, where deemed to represent the underlying equity instruments 
or characterised as derivative instruments, the Notes (together with the Warrants, the "Affected 
Instrument") is an Italian resident or the issuer of a security underlying an Index is an Italian resident. The 
residence and nationality of the Issuer and any holder of the Affected Instrument and the place of execution 
of the Affected Instrument would be irrelevant as the application of the Italian FTT on Derivatives is 
exclusively dependent on the residence of the issuer of the underlying Reference Asset(s) or of the securities 
underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference Asset(s) is an equity index). 
The Italian FTT on Derivatives applies at a fixed amount, due from both parties equally, as follows: 
• 
Index-linked Affected Instruments where a security that forms part of the Reference Asset is issued 
by an Italian-resident company: from EUR 0.01875 to EUR 15, depending on the notional value 
of the contract; 
• 
Equity-Linked Affected Instruments where the underlying Reference Asset is issued by an Italian-
resident company: from EUR 0.125 to EUR 100, depending on the notional value of the contract; 
and 
• 
Affected Instruments linked to a basket of Reference Assets: from EUR 0.25 to EUR 200 
depending on the notional value of the contract. 
The above amounts are reduced by 80 per cent. where the transaction is implemented in a regulated market 
or in a multilateral trading facility. An investor in the Affected Instruments is subject to the risk that 
payments under the Affected Instrument will be adversely affected by this Italian transaction tax as these

--- Page 38 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 26 - 
70-41030487 
 
charges will be deducted from the Cash Settlement Amount, Final Redemption Amount and/or other 
amount(s) payable thereunder. 
The issuance of financial instruments qualifying as transferable securities (valori mobiliari) according to 
article (1)(1-bis)(c) of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, is exempt from Italian FTT on 
Derivatives. The Italian Ministry of finance clarified that, following the issuance, if a number of 
intermediate transfers (e.g. intermediate transfers between financial intermediaries) are required before the 
initial placement of the warrants to the ultimate investors, said intermediate transfers are exempt from 
Italian FTT. However, Italian FTT will apply to the transactions following the initial placement. In the case 
of cash-settled transferable securities, the cash settlement of such transferable securities is a transaction 
outside the scope of Italian FTT on Derivatives. 
Besides the Italian FTT on Derivatives, the Italian FTT also applies to transfers of certain shares and 
participating financial instruments issued by Italian resident companies and other instruments representing 
the latter ("Italian FTT on Shares"), both traded or not on Qualifying Markets (as defined below) and 
unlisted. 
Italian FTT on Shares applies on transactions negotiated and settled as from 1 March 2013. Accordingly, 
there is a risk that the Italian FTT on Shares could be triggered where the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
purchase Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying the Reference Asset(s) (where such Reference 
Asset(s) is an equity index) to hedge their exposure under the Notes and/or Warrants if such securities are 
shares and participating financial instruments issued by Italian resident companies and other instruments 
representing the latter and are not exempted from the Italian FTT requirement ("in-scope securities"). The 
residence and nationality of the parties to the transaction and the place of execution of the transaction would 
be irrelevant as the application of the Italian FTT on Shares is exclusively dependent on the residence of 
the issuer of the in-scope securities. 
The Italian FTT on Shares is levied at the following rates, which would be due from the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates on acquisition of the shares: 
• 
0.1 per cent. of the acquisition price on transfers transacted on a Qualifying Market (as defined 
below); and 
• 
0.2 per cent. of the acquisition price otherwise. 
For the purpose of the application of the lower rate, "Qualifying Markets" are deemed to be: 
(i) 
regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1, points 21 and 
22 of Directive 2014/65/EU, of an EU Member State and of an EEA Member State which allows 
an adequate exchange of information with Italy; and 
(ii) 
markets recognised by the Italian regulator Consob, established in an EU Member State or a state 
which allows for an adequate exchange of information with Italy. 
Italian FTT on Derivatives and Italian FTT on Shares are required to be levied and subsequently paid to the 
Italian tax authority by financial intermediaries (e.g. banks, trusts and investment companies) or other 
subjects involved in the execution of the transaction. Where more intermediaries are involved in the 
execution of the transaction, Italian FTT on Derivatives and Italian FTT on Shares is payable by the subject 
who receives the order of execution directly from the ultimate purchaser or counterparty. Intermediaries 
and other non-Italian resident subjects having no permanent establishment in Italy which are liable to collect 
and pay Italian FTT on Derivatives and Italian FTT on Shares to the Italian tax authority may appoint an 
Italian tax representative for the purposes of collecting and paying Italian FTT on Derivatives and Italian 
FTT on Shares. If no intermediary or other subjects are involved in the transaction, Italian FTT on 
Derivatives and Italian FTT on Shares is directly paid by the ultimate purchaser or counterparty. 
An investor in the Notes and/or Warrants is subject to the risk that payments under the Affected Instruments 
will be adversely affected by the Italian FTT as these charges may be deducted from the Cash Settlement 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount and/or other amount(s) payable thereunder.

--- Page 39 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 27 - 
70-41030487 
 
Spain – Spanish Financial Transactions Tax 
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved the Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on 
Financial Transactions ("Spanish FTT Law") introducing the Spanish FTT that has entered into force on 
16 January 2021. 
The Spanish FTT is aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the Spanish 
FTT is an indirect tax levied on the acquisitions for consideration of shares issued by Spanish companies 
regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the jurisdiction where the shares 
are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the shares should be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market declared equivalent by the 
European Commission), and (ii) the stock market capitalisation value of the company should exceed 
€1,000,000,000 (the "Qualifying Shares"). 
The taxable base of the Spanish FTT is the total consideration paid excluding certain items such as 
transaction costs and intermediary fees. The applicable rate is 0.2 per cent. 
In principle, Spanish FTT does not apply to the acquisition of financial instruments (including derivatives) 
different from Qualifying Shares or certificates of deposit representing such Qualifying Shares (the 
"Qualifying Certificates of Deposit") such as the Notes or Warrants. However, if the liquidation or 
settlement of such financial instrument results in the physical delivery of Qualifying Shares or Qualifying 
Certificates of Deposit, Spanish FTT may be triggered. 
U.S. withholding tax may apply to Notes or Warrants linked to Reference Asset(s) that are securities 
issued by U.S. issuers 
Where Notes or Warrants are linked to Reference Asset(s) and some or all of the Reference Asset(s) are 
securities of U.S. issuers, certain payments on the Notes or Warrants could be subject to U.S. withholding 
tax (up to 30 per cent., depending on the applicable treaty or other exemption). In addition, U.S. withholding 
tax could be imposed on holders of the Notes or Warrants to the extent U.S.-source dividends are paid on 
the Reference Asset(s), even if no corresponding payment is made on the Notes or Warrants to such holders. 
If U.S. withholding tax is required on Notes or Warrants linked to Reference Asset(s) that are securities 
issued by U.S. issuers, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to the 
withheld amounts. See "Taxation— Other Taxation Matters – Notes and Warrants – U.S. Withholding on 
Dividend Equivalent Payments" below. 
(4) 
Risks relating to the Notes 
General 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investors will not benefit from any increases in market interest rates above the fixed rate payable in respect 
of the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount to or premium above their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Noteholders are subject to the risk that, unless the Final Terms do not specify Condition 6B (Taxation – 
Gross-up) as applicable, the Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Notes if the Issuer determines 
that it would be required to gross-up payments to the holders following a withholding or deduction required

--- Page 40 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 28 - 
70-41030487 
 
by law of taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
United Kingdom. Following such a determination, the Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Notes 
against payment of the Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes, the Final Terms may specify the Early 
Redemption Amount as being the Fair Market Value of such Note immediately prior to such termination. 
The Fair Market Value of a Note will be adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
incurred by the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and/or 
funding arrangements. Noteholders may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment as a result of such 
early termination and will forego any future performance in the relevant Reference Asset(s) and future 
interest payments applicable to such Notes (if any). 
English Law Notes with multiple denominations 
Where the English Law Notes are specified as having a denomination consisting of a minimum 
denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that such English 
Law Notes may be traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of such minimum denomination that 
are not integral multiples of the minimum denomination. In such a case, should Definitive Notes be required 
to be issued, Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount that is less than 
the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holdings and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of English Law Notes such that their holding amounts to, or is an integral 
multiple of, the minimum denomination. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes have returns that are variable as a result of the method by which the interest is 
calculated. The rate of interest is not fixed and is tied to the performance of an underlying benchmark and, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may be subject to a maximum rate or minimum rate on the 
interest payable. The rate of interest can periodically go down and therefore return on the Notes is not 
guaranteed and may in a worst case become zero. Investors should be aware that, in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes which are subject to a maximum interest rate, investors will not benefit from any increases of 
the underlying benchmark above such maximum interest rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to near risk-free rates which may be reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of interbank 
offered rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring financial 
markets to transition away from IBORs to near risk-free rates which exclude the risk-element of interbank 
lending. Near risk-free rates may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the 
majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen near risk-free rate is an overnight rate (for example, the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), in respect of GBP, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in respect of USD, and the euro short-term rate ("€STR") 
in respect of EUR), with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated on a backward looking 
(compounded or simple weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a forward-looking term. As 
such, investors should be aware that near risk-free rates may behave materially differently from LIBOR, 
EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to near risk-free rates such 
as SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, SOFR and €STR which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of such rates over a designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof (including the Issuer) may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR and/or any other near risk-free rate that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions 
(including in relation to fallbacks in the event that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) 
and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes referencing near risk-free rates such as SONIA, SOFR and/or 
€STR issued under this Programme. 
Since near risk-free rates are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-

--- Page 41 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 29 - 
70-41030487 
 
free rate, such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of the Notes linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-free rate may be lower 
than those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
Historical levels are not an indication of future levels 
Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the 
potential performance of near risk-free rates and therefore Noteholders should not rely on any such data or 
trends as an indicator of future performance. Daily changes in near risk-free rates have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and 
value of debt securities linked to near risk-free rates may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that 
are linked to less volatile rates. The future performance of any near risk-free rate is impossible to predict, 
and therefore no future performance of any near risk-free rate should be inferred from any hypothetical or 
historical data or trends. 
Calculation of Interest Rates based on near risk-free rates are only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period 
Interest on Notes which reference near risk-free rates such as SONIA, SOFR or €STR is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference such rates to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9 (Events of Default), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes shall be determined on the date 
the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-free 
rate in the structured products markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption 
of such rate in other markets, such as the Eurobond, derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes referencing near risk-free rates. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of near risk-free rates 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or 
any other near risk-free rate. There can be no guarantee that such rates will not be fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant 
rate. If the manner in which the relevant near risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Near Risk-Free rates may cease to be available 
There can be no guarantee that SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-free rate will not cease to 
be published, be discontinued, be suspended and/or be otherwise unavailable for use by the Issuer. 
In relation to a near risk-free rate other than SOFR, a discontinuation (or certain other events which may 
affect the Reference Rate) may constitute a Benchmark Trigger Event (as further described above in the 
risk factor entitled "A Benchmark Trigger Event could occur in relation to the Notes or Warrants"). 
In relation to SOFR, a discontinuation (or certain other events including the prohibition of use of SOFR as 
a Reference Rate) may result in the rate applicable to the Notes being replaced with a successor or 
equivalent rate selected or recommended by the relevant governmental body, an overnight funding rate or 
a rate determined by reference to ISDA provisions relating to SOFR. These alternative rates may be 
uncertain and no market convention may currently exist, or may ever exist, for their determination. Further, 
in such circumstances the Issuer (in consultation with its designee) may, without the consent of Noteholders 
be entitled to make conforming changes to the Conditions relating to the calculation and determination of 
interest to give effect to such replacement rate in a manner that may be materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to SOFR. If it is not possible to determine a successor or 
equivalent rate, the floating interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes may accrue at the same rate as the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, effectively converting the Floating Rate Notes (during the Interest 
Period) into fixed rate instruments.

--- Page 42 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 30 - 
70-41030487 
 
In relation to SONIA, a discontinuation (or certain other events including the prohibition of use of SONIA 
as a Reference Rate), unless the relevant event constitutes a Benchmark Trigger Event (in which case 
Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) will apply), may result in the rate applicable 
to the Notes being replaced with the Bank of England's Bank Rate, a rate specified by the relevant central 
bank or governmental body or if, however, it is not possible to determine the floating rate of interest 
applicable to any Floating Rate Notes in accordance with such provisions, then the floating interest rate on 
such Notes may accrue at the same rate as the immediately preceding Interest Period, effectively converting 
such Floating Rate Notes (during the Interest Period) into fixed rate instruments. 
Early Redemption upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
If the Notes have become immediately due and payable following an Event of Default (as defined in the 
Conditions) with respect to the Notes such Notes may be redeemed early against payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount. The Final Terms may specify the Early Redemption Amount as being the Fair Market 
Value of such Note immediately prior to such redemption. The Fair Market Value of a Note will be adjusted 
to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs incurred by the Issuer and/or its affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements. Noteholders may suffer a 
loss of some or all of their investment as a result of such early redemption and will forego any future 
performance in the relevant Reference Asset(s) and future interest payments applicable to such Notes (if 
any). 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. In addition, the French Law Conditions provide that holders of French Law Notes will, 
in respect of all Tranches comprised in a Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of common 
interests in a masse. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority, so investors in the Notes are subject to the risk that the Conditions may be modified 
without their consent. 
The environmental, social or sustainable impact of any Reference Asset may not meet investor 
expectations 
There is a risk that the Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying any Reference Asset(s) (if the Reference 
Asset is an equity index), may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainable impact 
of the businesses or products of the Reference Asset(s) or issuers of such Reference Asset(s) or securities 
underlying such Reference Asset(s) (if the Reference Asset is an equity index). 
(5) 
Risks relating to the Warrants 
Limitations on exercise 
If so indicated in the relevant Final Terms, a Holder must tender a specified minimum number of Warrants 
and integral multiples of Warrants thereafter at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Holders with fewer 
than the specified minimum number of Warrants or specified multiples thereof will either have to sell their 
Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their 
investment. Therefore Holders of such Warrants incur the risk that they may have to sell their holding at a 
trading price below the Cash Settlement Amount, or purchase additional Warrants at a trading price above 
the Cash Settlement Amount in order to realise their investment. 
(6) 
Risks relating to emerging markets currencies 
Notes and Warrants issued may be denominated and/or settle in an emerging market currency. Investors in 
such Notes and Warrants should be aware that these markets are subject to greater risks than well developed 
markets. Investment in the Notes and Warrants will involve additional risks and special considerations not 
typically associated with investing in Notes and Warrants which are settled in more conventional currencies 
such as Euros or U.S. dollars.

--- Page 43 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 31 - 
70-41030487 
 
Emerging market risk 
Economies in emerging markets may be heavily dependent upon international trade and, accordingly, may 
be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), managed adjustments 
in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated by the countries with 
which they trade. These economies also may be affected adversely by their economic, financial, military 
and political conditions, volatile exchange rates, high inflation and the supply and demand for such 
Settlement Currencies or currencies of denomination in the global markets. Investors should be aware that 
the value of investments denominated and/or settling in an emerging markets currency can fluctuate 
significantly due to the foregoing factors. 
Exchange and FX Risk 
The rapid pace of political and social change in emerging market countries increases the likelihood that 
currency exchange risks will eventuate where the Settlement Currency is linked to an emerging market 
country. The risks set out in the section entitled "Risks relating to all issues of Notes and Warrants – 
Currency Related Risks" may be more likely to arise in relation to Notes or Warrants which are denominated 
and/or settle in an emerging market currency, and investors should consider such risks carefully. 
Risks relating to Notes and Warrants settled in Offshore RMB outside the PRC 
Notes and Warrants settled in Offshore RMB outside the PRC may be issued. Set out below is a description 
of some of the risks that should be taken into consideration by prospective investors in such Notes and 
Warrants. 
(a) 
RMB is not freely convertible; Restrictions on RMB conversion through relevant Offshore RMB 
Centres (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes 
and Warrants 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC 
Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, 
including the Hong Kong dollar. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may negatively impact on the liquidity of the 
Notes and Warrants and the value of the Notes and Warrants. In addition, if Renminbi outside the 
PRC is unavailable, this will impact on the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to perform its 
obligations under Notes and Warrants denominated in Renminbi as set out in the paragraph below. 
Additional information relating to liberalisation of convertibility of Renminbi is set out Section I.6 
"Additional Information regarding Offshore RMB". 
(b) 
RMB payment risk 
If the Settlement Currency for the Notes or Warrants is Offshore RMB and "Payment of Alternative 
Payment Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an investor 
is subject to the risk that payments in respect of such Notes or Warrants will be made in the 
Alternative Payment Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms instead of Offshore RMB. To 
the extent the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) and/or any other amounts 
due as a result of Offshore RMB Disruption (as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer will be 
entitled to settle any such payment in the Alternative Payment Currency specified in the relevant 
Final Terms on the due date at the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent (as defined in the 
Conditions) of any such Final Redemption Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
and/or any other amounts due. In this case, the risk factors in the section entitled "Risks relating to 
all issues of Notes and Warrants – Currency Related Risks" would apply as if the relevant 
Alternative Payment Currency were the Settlement Currency. 
(c) 
RMB interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. 
Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility and, as a result, the value of the Notes

--- Page 44 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 32 - 
70-41030487 
 
and Warrants may fluctuate as well. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
Renminbi-denominated Notes may carry a fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") or have a 
resettable interest rate ("Resettable Notes"). Consequently, the trading price of Renminbi-
denominated Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes will vary with the fluctuations 
in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of such Renminbi-denominated Notes propose to sell their 
Renminbi-denominated Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the 
amount they have invested. 
(d) 
RMB exchange rate risk 
Offshore RMB represents a market which is different from that of RMB deliverable in the PRC. 
The exchange rate of Offshore RMB against the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other foreign 
currencies may be different from the exchange rate of RMB deliverable in the PRC against such 
currencies. Apart from its own supply and demand, the Offshore RMB exchange rate may be 
influenced by the onshore exchange rate (which currently trades within a band set by authorities in 
the onshore interbank market), and the two rates may converge with or diverge from each other. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies is susceptible to PRC internal and external 
factors. Recently, the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") implemented changes to the way it 
calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker 
quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and others that may be implemented, 
may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. 
If the value of Offshore RMB depreciates against the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other 
foreign currencies, the value of a Noteholder or a Warrantholder's investment in U.S. dollar, Hong 
Kong dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
(e) 
Payments with respect to the Notes and Warrants may be made only through Renminbi bank 
accounts maintained at banks in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre 
Investors in the Notes and Warrants should be aware that all Offshore RMB payments under the 
Notes and Warrants will be made solely by credit to Renminbi bank accounts maintained at banks 
in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the law and applicable regulations and guidelines issued by the relevant authorities in the relevant 
Offshore RMB Centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Investors are subject to the risk that 
they may not be able to receive amounts due under the Notes or Warrants if they do not hold such 
an offshore RMB account at the time the relevant payment is due. 
(7) 
Risks relating to ESG Bonds 
The use of proceeds of the Notes may not meet investor expectations or requirements. 
In relation to Tranches of Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Green Bonds", 
"Social Bonds" or "Sustainable Bonds", (together, "ESG Bonds"), the Issuer will exercise its judgement 
and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that satisfy certain eligibility requirements 
that purport to promote green, social and/or sustainable initiatives, as applicable ("ESG Assets") and will 
be financed by an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Notes (the "Proceeds"). If the use of the 
proceeds of the Notes is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in the Notes, they should consider the 
disclosure in "Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds" below and in the relevant Final Terms 
relating to any specific Tranche of Notes and consult with their legal or other advisers before making an 
investment in the Notes. There is no contractual obligation to allocate such funding to finance eligible 
businesses and projects or to provide annual progress reports, as described in "Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainable Bonds" below and/or and in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer's failure to so allocate or 
report, the failure of any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds to meet a specific 
framework or the failure of external assurance providers to opine on the ESG Assets, conformity with a 
specific framework, will not constitute an Event of Default (as defined in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes) with respect to the Notes and may affect the value of the Notes and/or have adverse consequences

--- Page 45 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 33 - 
70-41030487 
 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in ESG Assets, which may in turn affect the liquidity 
of the Notes. Furthermore, any such failure will not lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes. 
No assurance can be given that ESG Assets will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
"green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA), or that any adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds, which may affect the value of the 
Notes. Legal or regulatory definitions or market views as to what constitutes a "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or any such other equivalent label may vary. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of the Notes and in particular with any of the businesses and projects 
funded with the Proceeds to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainable and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. 
The providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
If a Tranche of Notes is at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of a Tranche of Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes, and any failure to 
obtain or maintain such listing may affect the value of the Notes. 
See also the risk factor "The Issuer gives no representation or assurance as to the environmental, social or 
sustainable impact of any Reference Asset".   
(8) 
Additional risks relating to Alternative English Law Conditions Notes 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes if the economic balance is significantly altered 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of events that are not attributable to the Issuer, but 
that have as a consequence that the economic balance between the Issuer and the Noteholders as at the Issue 
Date is significantly altered. This would include, without limitation, circumstances where such economic 
balance is altered as a consequence of actions being taken by a regulator, additional or increased solvency 
or regulatory capital requirements being imposed on the Issuer, nationalisation and similar circumstances. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in such circumstances may be less than the amount 
invested in the Notes or what would have been received under the Notes if the Notes had not been so 
redeemed and investors will forego any further interest payments (if any) in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.2 – Risk Factors 
10231698288-v34 
- 34 - 
70-41030487 
 
Noteholders may receive a Monetisation Amount if they do not elect to receive the applicable Early 
Redemption Amount 
The relevant Final Terms may specify that, in the event of an early redemption of the Notes, the 
Monetisation Option will apply. In that case, the notice of early redemption will specify the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount as well as the Monetisation Amount. Noteholders that do not elect to receive 
the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the procedure set out in the notice of early redemption 
will not receive the Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for redemption, but will receive the 
Monetisation Amount (on the original Maturity Date of the relevant Notes) and will not receive any interest 
or other amounts between the date fixed for redemption and the payment of the Monetisation Amount on 
the original Maturity Date.

--- Page 47 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.3 – Incorporation by Reference 
10231698288-v34 
- 35 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION I.3 – INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
This section provides details of the documents incorporated by reference which form part of this Base 
Prospectus and which are publicly available. 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank shall be deemed to be incorporated 
in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any documents incorporated by reference in any of 
the documents set forth below do not form part of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the unaudited consolidated interim report of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2022 (the "Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report"); 
(b) 
the 2021 Annual Report and Accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (the "2021 Annual Report and Accounts"); 
(c) 
the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 
December 2020 (the "2020 Annual Report and Accounts"); 
(d) 
the Registration Document of the Issuer dated 20 June 2022 submitted to and filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland (the "Registration Document"). The Registration Document is incorporated in 
full other than the sub-sections entitled "Directors" (set out on pages 28 – 29 of the Registration 
Document), "Executive Committee" (set out on pages 29 – 30 of the Registration Document) and 
"Conflicts of Interest" (set out on page 30 of the Registration Document); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2013 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2013 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 80 – 121 and 161 to 186, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 8 November 2013 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in 
compliance with the Prospectus Directive ((the "2013 Conditions"); 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2014 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2014 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 83 – 123 and 160 to 184, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 24 June 2014 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in 
compliance with the Prospectus Directive (together, the "2014 Conditions"); 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2016 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2016 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 89 – 131 and 168 to 195, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 22 June 2016 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in 
compliance with the Prospectus Directive (together, the "2016 Conditions"); 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2017 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2017 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 107-151 and 193 to 221, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 21 June 2017 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in 
compliance with the Prospectus Directive (together, the "2017 Conditions"); 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2018 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2018 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 118 – 166 and 212 to 244, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 5 October 2018 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in 
compliance with the Prospectus Directive (together, the "2018 Conditions"); 
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2019 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2019 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 123 – 171 and 216 to 247, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 1 July 2019 which has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base 
prospectus under the Prospectus Directive (together, the "2019 Conditions"); 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2020 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2020 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 93 – 141 and 187 to 218,

--- Page 48 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.3 – Incorporation by Reference 
10231698288-v34 
- 36 - 
70-41030487 
 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under the 
Programme dated 9 July 2020 which has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (together, the "2020 Conditions"); 
(l) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "2021 Note Conditions") and Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (the "2021 Warrant Conditions") as set out on pages 114 – 346 and 421 to 462, 
respectively, of the base prospectus relating to Index and Equity-Linked Notes and Warrants issued 
under the Programme dated 30 November 2021 which has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (together, the "2021 Conditions"); 
and 
(m) 
the form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law Conditions) 
issued pursuant to the 2021 Note Conditions (the "2021 Final Terms") as set out on pages 347 – 
368 of the base prospectus relating to Index and Equity-Linked Notes and Warrants issued under 
the Programme dated 30 November 2021 which has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland 
as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference and in respect of which 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus is prepared modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Any information incorporated by reference in the above documents does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and to the extent that only certain parts of the above documents are specified to be incorporated 
by reference herein, the non-incorporated parts of such documents are either not relevant for investors or 
are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will at its registered office make available for inspection during normal business hours, upon 
reasonable notice, and free of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any 
document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for inspection of such 
documents should be directed to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant 
Agent. Additionally, this Base Prospectus and all the documents incorporated by reference herein will be 
available for viewing at the following websites: 
1. 
In relation to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/results-and-announcements/all-reporting/subsidiaries?page=1take=20 
2. 
In relation to the 2021 Annual Report and Accounts: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/results-and-announcements/all-reporting/subsidiaries?page=1take=20 
3. 
In relation to the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/results-and-announcements/all-reporting/subsidiaries?page=2&take=20 
4. 
In relation to the Registration Document: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
5. 
In relation to the 2013 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
6. 
In relation to the 2014 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
7. 
In relation to the 2016 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20

--- Page 49 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.3 – Incorporation by Reference 
10231698288-v34 
- 37 - 
70-41030487 
 
8. 
In relation to the 2017 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
9. 
In relation to the 2018 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
10. 
In relation to the 2019 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
11. 
In relation to the 2020 Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
12. 
In relation to the 2021 Conditions and the 2021 Final Terms: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, any 
websites referred to in this Base Prospectus or any information appearing on such websites and pages do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 50 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 38 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION I.4 – USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section provides details of what the Issuer intends to do with the subscription monies it receives for 
the Notes or Warrants it issues. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes or Warrants (other than ESG Bonds (as defined below)) will be 
used by the Issuer for profit making or risk hedging purposes unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The net proceeds from each issue of ESG Bonds (as defined below) will be used as described 
below. 
GREEN BONDS, SOCIAL BONDS AND SUSTAINABLE BONDS 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that a Series of Notes are "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainable Bonds" (together, "ESG Bonds") then, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer will use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of such Series of Notes to fund 
eligible businesses and projects in eligible green, social or sustainable sectors, respectively (as further 
described within the applicable framework specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Applicable 
Framework"), being either the HSBC Green Bond Framework dated 6 November 2015 (the "HSBC Green 
Bond Framework") or the HSBC Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) Bond Framework (the "SDG 
Bond Framework")). The HSBC Green Bond Framework and the SDG Bond Framework are available on 
the following webpage: www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds. 
The Issuer will track the use of such amount via its internal information systems, and provide a progress 
report (a "Progress Report") on an annual basis (as further described in the Applicable Framework). In 
addition, second party opinions will be obtained from an appropriate provider to confirm the validity of the 
HSBC Green Bond Framework and the alignment of the SDG Bond Framework to certain industry 
guidelines (as described in the SDG Bond Framework). The second party opinion will be published on the 
following webpage: www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds. For 
each issuance of Notes that are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Green Bonds", "Social 
Bonds" or "Sustainable Bonds", the Issuer will engage an appropriate external assurance provider to 
independently assure the relevant Progress Report, on an annual basis and opine on its conformity with the 
Applicable Framework. The Progress Report and related assurance report will be made available to the 
public 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/green-and-
sustainability-bonds.

--- Page 51 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 39 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION I.5 – TAXATION 
This section provides a summary of the withholding tax position in relation to the Notes and Warrants in 
the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom, Belgium, France and Italy. 
The tax laws of the investor's jurisdiction and of the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
Transactions involving the Notes and Warrants may have tax consequences for investors which may 
depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the investor and laws relating to transfer and 
registration taxes. Investors who are in any doubt about the tax position of any aspect of transactions 
involving the Notes and Warrants should consult their own tax advisers. 
IRELAND 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Warrants. It is based on current law and the 
practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland which may be subject to change, sometimes with 
retrospective effect. The comments do not deal with other Irish tax aspects of acquiring, holding or 
disposing of Notes and Warrants. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Notes and Warrants. Prospective Noteholders and Warrantholders should be aware 
that the particular terms of issue of any of the Notes and Warrants may affect the tax treatment of that and 
other series of Notes and Warrants. The following is a general guide for information purposes and should 
be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of 
the tax considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser. Noteholders and Warrantholders 
should ensure that they understand their tax position before acquiring any Notes and Warrants. Noteholders 
and Warrantholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the Republic of Ireland in 
respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes and Warrants are particularly advised to make 
sure they understand their tax position and whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which 
jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain Irish taxation aspects of payments in 
respect of the Notes and Warrants. In particular, Noteholders and Warrantholders should be aware that they 
may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes 
and Warrants even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
taxation under the laws of the Republic of Ireland. 
This summary is prepared on the assumption that the relevant Issuer is not and will not be an Irish resident 
for Irish tax purposes and any transactions in connection with the Notes and Warrants are not and will not 
be attributed or attributable to an Irish branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business of 
the relevant Issuer in the Republic of Ireland. 
This summary does not extend to cover the tax treatment of any investors who are subject to Irish tax by 
reason of Irish tax residence or by reason of having an Irish branch or permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Ireland. 
Irish Withholding Tax - Notes 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest 
on any Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on Notes should 
not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in the Republic of Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in the Republic of Ireland, the assets or income 
of which is used to fund the payments on such Notes; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is not resident in the Republic of Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such Notes 
is maintained in the Republic of Ireland; or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically 
held in the Republic of Ireland.

--- Page 52 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 40 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
On the basis that the Issuer is not, and will not become, resident in the Republic of Ireland for tax purposes, 
that the assets or income of any branch or permanent establishment of the Issuer in the Republic of Ireland 
will not be used to fund the payments on the Notes, and that the Issuer will not maintain a register of any 
Registered Notes in the Republic of Ireland and bearer notes will not be physically located in the Republic 
of Ireland, payments on the Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
withholding tax. 
If the payments of interest were deemed to have an Irish source, the Issuer will not be obliged to withhold 
Irish income tax from payments of interest on any Notes where: 
(a) 
the Notes carry a right to interest, and are, and continue to be, quoted on a recognised stock 
exchange for the purposes of section 64 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act 1997; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in the Republic of Ireland, or if such 
person is in the Republic of Ireland, either: 
(i) 
the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
(Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear France are, amongst others, so 
recognised); or 
(ii) 
the Noteholder is not resident in the Republic of Ireland and has made a declaration to a 
relevant person (such as a paying agent located in the Republic of Ireland) in the prescribed 
form. 
Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. The Italian Stock Exchange should also 
be a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. 
Irish Withholding Tax – Warrants 
No Irish withholding tax will be deducted from payments on the issue, exercise, sale or other disposition 
of the Warrants. 
Stamp Duty – Warrants 
No Irish stamp duty should be payable on the issue or transfer of the Warrants on the basis that the Warrants 
constitute stocks or marketable securities of a company which is not registered in the Republic of Ireland 
for the purposes of section 88 of the Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999 ("SDCA"). 
In addition, section 90 SDCA provides that no Irish stamp duty is payable in respect of certain financial 
services instruments including financial futures agreements, forward agreements and option agreements. 
This exemption is also applicable to the Warrants. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of tax (currently 25 per cent.) 
from payments on Notes or potentially the Warrants issued by a company not resident in Ireland, where 
such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder 
who is Irish resident. Encashment tax does not apply where the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and 
has made a declaration in the described form to the encashment agent or bank. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
United Kingdom Taxation – Notes 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest and certain other payments in respect of the Notes. It is based 
on current law and the published practice of His Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC"), which may 
not be binding on HMRC and which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect. The 
comments do not deal with any other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of 
Notes. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. 
Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any Series of Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other Series of Notes. The following is a

--- Page 53 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 41 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
general guide for information purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended 
as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
purchaser. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in 
respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are particularly advised to consult their 
professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since 
the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of 
the Notes. In particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of 
other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
(A) 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax – Interest 
1. 
Any payments made with respect to the Notes which are considered to be payments of interest for 
United Kingdom taxation purposes and where such Notes are issued for a term of less than one 
year (and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is to render the Notes part 
of a borrowing with a total term of one year or more) may be paid by the Issuer without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
2. 
Notes issued by the Issuer which carry a right to interest will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" 
provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of 
Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the "Income Tax Act") for the purposes of Section 987 
of the Income Tax Act) or admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" operated by an 
EEA-regulated recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of Section 987 of the Income Tax 
Act). Whilst the Notes are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments on such Notes which 
are considered to be payments of interest for United Kingdom tax purposes may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. Notes will be regarded 
as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for this purpose if (and only if) they are admitted to 
trading on an exchange designated as a recognised stock exchange by an order made by the 
Commissioners for HMRC and either they are included in the United Kingdom official list (within 
the meaning of Part VI of the FSMA) or they are officially listed, in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in European Economic Area states, in a country outside 
the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock exchange. Euronext Dublin is a 
recognised stock exchange for these purposes, and accordingly the Notes will constitute quoted 
Eurobonds provided they are and continue to be officially listed on Euronext Dublin and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Borsa Italiana S.p.A. is also a 
recognised stock exchange for these purposes. The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC 
practice is that securities which are officially listed on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and are admitted 
to trading on the Electronic Bond Market, being the regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(also known as the "MOT") may be regarded as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for these 
purposes. 
3. 
In addition to the exemptions set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 above, payments on the Notes which 
are considered to be interest for United Kingdom taxation purposes may be paid without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax so long as the Issuer is 
a "bank" for the purposes of Section 878 of the Income Tax Act and so long as such payments are 
made by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its business. 
4. 
In all other cases, falling outside the exemptions described in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 above, 
payments on the Notes which are considered to be interest for United Kingdom tax purposes may 
fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.) subject to such relief as may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the 
provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. 
5. 
Any payments made by the Issuer under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for the exemptions 
from United Kingdom withholding tax described above. 
(B) 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax – Other Payments 
Where a payment on a Note does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for United Kingdom tax 
purposes, it would potentially be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax if, for example, it constitutes

--- Page 54 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 42 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
(or is treated as) an annual payment, a manufactured payment, rent or similar income or royalties for United 
Kingdom tax purposes (which will be determined by, amongst other things, the terms and conditions 
specified by the Final Terms of the Note). In such a case, the payment may fall to be made under deduction 
of United Kingdom tax (the rate of withholding depending on the nature of the payment), subject to any 
exemption from withholding which may apply and to such relief as may be available following a direction 
from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. 
(C) 
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
1. 
Where interest or any other payment has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income 
tax, Noteholders or Couponholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to 
recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double 
taxation treaty. 
2. 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" 
which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the 
Notes or any related documentation. Noteholders or Couponholders should seek their own 
professional advice as regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment on the Notes which 
does not constitute "interest" or "principal" as those terms are understood in United Kingdom tax 
law. 
3. 
The above summary under the heading of "United Kingdom Taxation – Notes" assumes that there 
will be no substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Substitution) of the English Law Conditions or the French Law Conditions of the 
Notes and does not consider the tax consequences of any such substitution. 
United Kingdom Taxation – Warrants 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments in respect of the Warrants and of the treatment of Warrants for the purposes of United 
Kingdom stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax. It is based on current law and the published practice of 
HMRC, which may not be binding on HMRC and which may be subject to change, sometimes with 
retrospective effect. 
The comments do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of 
Warrants. The comments in relation to United Kingdom withholding tax relate only to the position of 
persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Warrants. The following is a general guide and should 
be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all 
of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a purchaser. 
Warrantholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
Warrantholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of 
their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Warrants are particularly advised to consult their professional 
advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following 
comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Warrants. 
In particular, Warrantholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other 
jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Warrants even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
(A) 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
Warrants that are not derivatives 
Payments under the Warrants which do not amount to interest, rent or annual payments (and are not treated 
as, or as if they were, interest, rent or annual payments for United Kingdom tax purposes) may be made 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom tax.

--- Page 55 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 43 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
Payments where the Warrants constitute derivative contracts 
The Issuer should not be required to withhold or deduct sums for or on account of United Kingdom income 
tax from payments under Warrants that are treated as derivative contracts for the purposes of Part 7 of the 
Corporation Taxes Act 2009. 
(B) 
United Kingdom Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax 
United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax may be payable on any issue, transfer or agreement 
to transfer the Warrants or any interest in the Warrants. 
BELGIUM 
This summary is prepared on the assumption that the relevant Issuer is not and will not be a Belgian 
resident for Belgian tax purposes and any transactions in connection with the Notes and the Warrants are 
not and will not be attributed or attributable to a Belgian branch, permanent establishment or other fixed 
place of business of the relevant Issuer in Belgium. 
Belgian Taxation – Notes and/or Warrants 
The following is a general description of the principal Belgian tax consequences for investors receiving 
interest in respect of, or disposing of, the Notes and/or Warrants and is of a general nature. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of tax considerations relating to the Notes and/or Warrants whether in 
Belgium or elsewhere. 
This general description is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any changes in law after such date (including any changes which may have retroactive effect). Investors 
should appreciate that, as a result of changes in law or practice, the tax consequences may be different 
from those set out below. Investors should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax 
consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding or selling the Notes and/or Warrants under the laws 
of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or domicile. 
Direct taxation of the Notes and/or the Warrants 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
Belgian residents subject to Belgian personal income tax are normally subject to the following tax treatment 
with regard to the Notes and/or Warrants. 
Any periodic coupon payment as well as any cash payment and/or delivery of a physical delivery amount 
made by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption, whether or not at maturity, 
or upon purchase by the Issuer) will be treated as interest for Belgian tax purposes and will be subject to a 
Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent. if collected through a financial intermediary established in Belgium. 
The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for Belgian resident individuals (Bevrijdende 
roerende voorheffing/Précompte mobilier libératoire). This means that they do not have to declare the 
interest obtained in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these 
interest payments. However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian 
paying agent, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared 
in the personal income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent., unless progressive personal 
income tax rates are more favourable. 
Even if Belgian withholding tax has been retained, Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to 
declare the interest in their personal income tax returns. Where an individual opts to declare such interest 
payments, he/she will normally be taxed separately at a flat tax rate of 30 per cent. (in the present case not 
increased by communal surcharges) or at the progressive personal tax rates taking into account the 
taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is lower. If the interest payment is declared, any retained 
Belgian withholding tax may be credited, and any excess will normally be reimbursed. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes and/or Warrants on the secondary market before maturity are 
generally not taxable for individuals, except if the purchaser is the Issuer. In the latter case, capital gains 
are taxable as interest and subject to withholding tax if collected through a financial intermediary 
established in Belgium. The accrued interest part of a capital gain realised on a sale of Notes and/or

--- Page 56 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 44 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
Warrants which qualify as fixed income Notes and/or Warrants in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian 
Income Tax Code is also taxable as interest. Capital losses realised on a sale of the Notes and/or Warrants 
are not tax deductible. 
Other rules may be applicable in certain specific cases, especially when the investors hold the Notes and/or 
Warrants within the framework of their professional activity, or when transactions regarding the Notes 
and/or Warrants fall outside the scope of ordinary private asset management transactions. 
Belgian resident companies 
Companies that are subject to Belgian corporate tax are normally subject to the tax treatment described 
below with regard to the Notes and/or Warrants. 
The total amount of income from the Notes and/or Warrants derived by Belgian corporate investors who 
are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés) and capital gains realised on the Notes and/or Warrants will 
be subject to Belgian corporate income tax, the ordinary rate of which is equal to 25 per cent. (with a 
reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying 
small companies as defined by article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code). 
The total amount of income from the Notes and/or Warrants will be part of the taxable profit of the company, 
except for capital gains realised upon settlement of a physically settled warrant, which may under certain 
conditions benefit from an exemption. 
Income which is treated as interest for Belgian tax purposes is subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 
per cent. if it is collected through a financial intermediary established in Belgium. An exemption of 
withholding tax may apply if the company receiving the interest delivers a specific residence certificate. 
The exemption does not apply for income on zero coupon or capitalisation bonds. 
In addition, the Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable 
legal provisions, but only in proportion to the period during which the company held the Notes and/or 
Warrants. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes and/or Warrants are taxable while capital losses are in 
principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185 bis of the Belgian Income 
Tax Code 1992 (Wetboek van inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (the 
"BITC 1992"). 
Other Belgian legal entities 
Any periodic coupon payment as well as any cash payment and/or delivery of a physical delivery amount 
made by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption, whether or not at maturity, 
or upon purchase by the Issuer) will be subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent. if collected 
through a financial intermediary established in Belgium. If Belgian withholding tax has been withheld, the 
interest will not be taxed further. Holders of the Notes and/or Warrants who collect the payment abroad 
without Belgian withholding tax are required to declare this income and to pay the withholding tax on their 
own initiative. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes and/or Warrants on the secondary market before maturity are 
generally not taxable for non-profit entities, except if the purchaser is the Issuer. In the latter case, capital 
gains are taxable as interest and subject to withholding tax if collected through a financial intermediary 
established in Belgium. The accrued interest part of a capital gain realised on a sale of Notes and/or 
Warrants which qualify as fixed income Notes and/or Warrants in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian 
Income Tax Code are also taxable as interest. Capital losses realised on a sale of the Notes and/or Warrants 
are not tax deductible. 
Taxation applicable to Organisations for Financing Pensions ("OFP") 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 27 
October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, are in

--- Page 57 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 45 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any 
corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes and/or 
Warrants through a Belgian establishment and do not invest the Notes and/or Warrants in the course of their 
Belgian professional activity will in principle not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or 
capital gains (save as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax). 
Any periodic coupon payment as well as any cash payment and/or delivery of a physical delivery amount 
made by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption, whether or not at maturity, 
or upon purchase by the issuer) will be subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent. if collected 
through a financial intermediary established in Belgium, unless the investor is resident in a country with 
which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit. 
If the income is not collected through a financial institution or other intermediary established in Belgium, 
no Belgian withholding tax is due. 
Non-resident investors that do not hold the Notes and/or Warrants through a Belgian establishment can also 
obtain an exemption of Belgian withholding tax on interest from the Notes and/or Warrants paid through a 
Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stock market company or a Belgian-recognised clearing or settlement 
institution, provided that they deliver an affidavit from such institution or company confirming (i) that the 
investors are non-residents, (ii) that the Notes and/or Warrants are held in full ownership or in usufruct and 
(iii) that the Notes and/or Warrants are not held for professional purposes in Belgium. 
Inheritance duties 
No Belgian inheritance duties will be due in respect of the Notes and/or Warrants if the deceased holder of 
the Notes and/or Warrants was not a Belgian resident at the time of his or her death, even if the Notes and/or 
Warrants were held in custody in Belgium. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The acquisition of Notes and/or Warrants upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on 
stock exchange transactions (Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse). 
A stock exchange tax will be levied on the purchase and sale of the Notes and/or Warrants on the secondary 
market carried out by a Belgian resident investor through a professional intermediary if (i) entered into or 
carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out 
in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary 
established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals having their usual residence in Belgium, or 
legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium. 
In the scenario under (ii), the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor, unless the 
Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by 
the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In such a case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction 
concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate must 
be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying day-to-day listing, 
numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium could appoint 
a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities ("Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative"). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable toward the 
Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions due and for complying with the reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such 
a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the 
Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 
0.12 per cent. with a maximum amount of Euro 1,300 per transaction and per party or, as the case may be,

--- Page 58 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 46 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
0.35 per cent. with a maximum amount of Euro 1,600 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately 
from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both 
collected by the professional intermediary. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 126/1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des droits et taxes 
divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
Tax on securities accounts 
The tax on securities accounts applies as of tax assessment year 2022 (income year 2021). 
An annual tax of 0.15 per cent. is levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as the Notes and/or the 
Warrants but also cash and money market instruments) held thereon during a reference period of twelve 
consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, 
would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax due is capped at 10 per cent. of the part of the said average value 
exceeding the EUR 1 million threshold. 
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective 
as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies 
and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. 
There are exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own 
account. These regulated entities include, amongst others, (i) financial undertakings as listed in Article 
198/1, §6, 1° to 12° of the BITC 1992, (ii) central banks, (iii) stockbroking firms as defined by Article 1, 
§3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment companies, 
and (iv) institutions listed in Article 2, §1, 13°/1, first section, a) to c) of the BITC 1992, with the exception 
of institutions and compartment listed in Article 2, §1, 13°/1, second and third sections of the BITC 1992. 
A new retroactive anti-abuse provision applies as from 30 October 2020, for certain transactions carried 
out in order to avoid the application of this tax. 
In cases where a Belgian financial intermediary is responsible for the tax – i.e. either incorporated under 
Belgian law, established in Belgium or having appointed a Belgian representative – that intermediary has 
to submit a return on the twentieth day of the third month following the end of the reference period at the 
latest. The tax must be paid on this day. In any other case, the taxpayer itself has to submit a tax return 
within the same time limit as that provided for the filing of its personal income tax return. The tax will have 
to be paid on the 31st of August of the year following the end of the reference period at the latest. 
FRANCE 
This summary is prepared on the assumption that the relevant Issuer is not and will not be a French resident 
for French tax purposes and any transactions in connection with the Notes and the Warrants are not and 
will not be attributed or attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of 
business of the relevant Issuer in France. 
French Taxation - Notes 
The following is a general description of certain French tax considerations relating to the Notes held by 
French tax residents to the extent that payments under the Notes would qualify as interest payments. It is 
not a description of general French tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective investors are 
advised to consult their own professional advisors to obtain information about the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership, or disposition of the Notes. Only personal advisors are in a position to adequately 
take into account special tax aspects of the Notes as well as the Noteholder's personal circumstances and 
any special tax treatment applicable to the Noteholder. This summary is based on French law as in force 
when drawing up this Base Prospectus. The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change 
and such changes may have retroactive effect.

--- Page 59 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 47 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer, acting out of its head offices or one of its non-French 
branches, under the Notes will not be viewed as French-source income and therefore will not be subject to 
withholding tax in France, in accordance with the applicable French law. 
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the French Code Général des Impôts, and subject to certain limited 
exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received by French tax resident individuals are subject to a 
12.8 per cent. mandatory (non-final) withholding tax which is creditable against the applicable personal 
income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions on 
such interest and other similar revenues are also withheld at source at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. 
(CSG, CRDS and other related contributions), subject to certain limited exceptions. Practical steps to be 
taken for purposes of levying this withholding tax will depend on the place where the paying agent is 
located. 
French tax resident individuals holding the Notes as part of their private assets should consult their own tax 
advisers to determine declarative and payment obligations applicable to them in France in relation to the 
mandatory withholding tax and social security contributions referred to above. The Issuer does not assume 
responsibility for French withholding tax at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case 
of French withholding tax deductions. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes who are French resident for tax purposes or who would hold such Notes 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France should be aware that transactions involving 
the Notes, including any purchase or disposal of, or other dealings in, the Notes, may have French tax 
consequences. The tax consequences regarding interest, premium on redemption and capital gains in 
particular may depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the prospective purchaser (i.e. legal entities 
or individuals). Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers about the French 
tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing the Notes and more generally, of any transactions 
involving Notes. 
French Taxation – Warrants 
The following is a general description of certain French withholding tax considerations relating to the 
payments under the Warrants. It is not a description of general French tax considerations relating to the 
Warrants. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own professional advisors to obtain 
information about the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, exercise or disposition of the 
Warrants. Only personal advisors are in a position to adequately take into account special tax aspects of 
the Warrants as well as the Warrants holder's personal circumstances and any special tax treatment 
applicable to the Warrants holder. This summary is based on French law as in force when drawing up this 
Base Prospectus. The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes 
may have retroactive effect. 
Assuming that the Warrants issued by the Issuer do not constitute debt instruments within the meaning of 
Article 125 A of the French tax code, payments in respect of such Warrants issued by the Issuer should not 
be subject to any mandatory withholding tax in France but the potential gain could be taxed in France. 
Legal entities subject to corporate income tax in France would be taxable on a gain on the Warrants 
following specific rules. French resident individuals would be subject to personal income tax on a gain 
made on the Warrants either at the flat tax rate (tax at 12.8 per cent and social contributions at 17.2 per cent, 
applicable if the transaction is occasional) or at the progressive personal income tax rate (for customary 
transactions or transactions carried out in a professional capacity, or upon election for occasional 
transactions). 
ITALY 
Italy Taxation - Notes 
The following is a general overview of certain tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to 
special rules. This section is based upon Italian tax laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could

--- Page 60 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 48 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this section to reflect changes in law and, if any 
such change occurs, the information in this section could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
General 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended ("Decree No. 239") sets out the 
applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
"Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident issuers. The provisions of 
Decree No. 239 only apply to notes issued by the Issuer to the extent that they qualify as bonds or debentures 
similar to bonds pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended 
and supplemented ("Decree no. 917"). 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities 
were issued, nor to control the same. 
Otherwise, Notes that do not qualify as debentures similar to bonds are characterised for Italian tax purposes 
as "atypical securities" and as such regulated by Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Notes qualifying as debenture similar to bonds 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, 
is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
associations; or 
(c) 
a private or public institution (other than companies), trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation; 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent., either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Notes (unless the Noteholder described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above has entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and they have 
opted for the application of the "risparmio gestito" regime pursuant to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended and supplemented from time to time ("Decree No. 461"). 
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients". 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, (100-114) 
of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 ("Law No. 232") and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 of 30 
December 2018 ("Law No. 145") and, for long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 
2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 ("Law Decree No. 124"), each of them as 
amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30

--- Page 61 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 49 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 
December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of 
Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and 
negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including 
the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described in paragraphs (a) and (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional 
income tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be 
subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction 
from Italian income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (so 
called "SGRs"), stockbrokers and other qualified entities resident in Italy ("Intermediaries", and each, an 
"Intermediary") or by permanent establishments in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary, that 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the 
Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of 
the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or 
with a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes that fall within the definitions set out above are not subject to the 
26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which 
the Notes are effectively connected; 
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ('società in nome collettivo' or 
'società in accomandita semplice'); 
(c) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together, the "Funds", 
and each, a "Fund"), SICAVs, Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 
252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"), Italian resident real estate investment funds, 
investment companies with fixed capital (SICAFs); and 
(d) 
Italian resident Noteholders described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial Intermediary 
and have opted for the asset management regime ('regime del risparmio gestito'). 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under paragraphs (a) to (d) must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes, and 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or 
indirectly with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign Intermediary). 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered 
from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes

--- Page 62 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 50 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
of regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations 
or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted 
for the asset management regime ('regime del risparmio gestito') are subject to a 26 per cent. annual 
substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at 
the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset 
Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a non-real estate SICAF or a SICAV and the relevant Notes 
are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund, non-real estate 
SICAF or SICAV. The Fund, non-real estate SICAF or SICAV will not be subject to taxation on such 
result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax"). 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree 
No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, Interest accrued 
on the Notes will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
real estate investment fund or real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or real estate SICAF is 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, 
when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Italian resident 
intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. annual substitute tax (the "Pension Fund Tax"). 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included 
in long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for the 
long-term individual savings account established from 1° January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 
124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Interest payments relating to Notes received by non-Italian resident beneficial owners are not subject to 
taxation in Italy. 
If the Notes are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign Intermediary) or are sold through an Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign Intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident Intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign Intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure payment of 
Interest without application of Italian taxation, a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce 
to the Italian bank or other intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident 
in Italy for tax purposes. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Notes that do not qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to 
bonds) pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, lett. c) of Decree No. 917 are characterised for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities". Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, securities can be qualified, for 
income tax purposes, as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) only to the extent that 
they incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity or upon redemption (to the Noteholder) an 
amount not less than therein indicated without providing any right to the Noteholders to participate in, or 
to control, the activity carried on by the Issuer. 
Income of any kind, including interest and any sum paid to Noteholders at maturity in excess over the issue 
price and relating to Notes characterised as "atypical securities" may be subject to withholding tax levied

--- Page 63 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 51 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
at the rate of 26 per cent. The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to interest 
payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (a) a 
commercial partnership, (b) a company or similar commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity, and (d) a commercial private or public institution. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici ("atypical securities") pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 
512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114), of 
Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts 
established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and 
applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further 
provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings 
account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax 
credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that 
certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set 
off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Capital Gains 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. substitute tax on capital gains referred to as "imposta sostitutiva" 
is applicable to capital gains realised by: 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; or 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities. 
Under the so called tax declaration regime ('regime della dichiarazione'), which is the standard regime for 
taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses realised pursuant to all 
investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in a year net of 
any relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian 
tax authorities and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income 
tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding fiscal year. 
Alternatively to the tax declaration regime, holders of the Notes who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect for the administered savings regime ('risparmio amministrato' regime) to pay imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes. Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs and any other 
Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an 
express election for the administered savings regime being made in writing in due time by the relevant 
holder of the Notes. The intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised 
as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount 
from proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Notes. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes

--- Page 64 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 52 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
results in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind 
subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the Notes within the same relationship of deposit in 
the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed in an asset management regime ('risparmio 
gestito' regime) by an Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains but will contribute to determine the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, 
subject to the Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio accrued at year end may 
be carried forward against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. Also under 
the asset management regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income 
tax return of the Noteholder. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, SICAFs and SICAVs, capital gains on Notes contribute to determinate 
the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAFs or SICAVs accrued at the end of each tax 
year. The Funds, SICAFs or SICAVs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective 
Investment Fund Substitute Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions of Law 
Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, shall not 
be subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund or real 
estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the 
unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through 
distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Decree No. 252) will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in 
the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund 
Tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains in respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian pension fund may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-
114) of Law 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts 
established from 1 January 2020 of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from 
time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be 
included in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of 
production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1, (100 – 114), of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) 
of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2020 of Law 
Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 
31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis 
of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and 
negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including 
the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains). 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and 
corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the 
Notes are held in Italy.

--- Page 65 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 53 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Presidential Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by non-Italian 
residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through 
the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the 
Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject to timely filing of 
required documentation (in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) of non-residence in Italy) with 
Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which 
the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes 
with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt 
from the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for 
consideration or redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a state or territory 
listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4th September, 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the "White List"). According to Article 11, par. 4, let. c), of Decree 239, the 
White List will be updated every six months period. Under these circumstances, if non Italian 
residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected 
elect for the asset management regime or are subject to the administrative savings regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they 
meet the requirement indicated above. The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners 
of the Notes are (i) international entities or organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in 
countries which allow for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state; and 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with 
Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in 
the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on 
any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Italy Taxation - Warrants 
The following is a general summary of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax 
considerations concerning the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Warrants by Italian resident 
holders. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Warrants and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners of the Warrants, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. This summary is based upon Italian tax laws and practice in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. 
Prospective holders should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax law, 
under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially 
relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Warrants. 
General 
The Warrants may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Warrantholders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments; or 
(b) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Warrantholders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation 
of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at 
maturity.

--- Page 66 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 54 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
Warrants representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
Payments in respect of Warrants qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian Warrantholders as well as capital gains realised by Italian Warrantholders (not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activities to which the Warrants are connected) which are Italian resident individuals on 
any sale or transfer for consideration of the Warrants or redemption thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. 
capital gains tax, which applies under the following taxation regime: tax declaration regime ("Regime della 
dichiarazione"), administrative savings regime ("Regime del risparmio amministrato") and asset 
management regime ("Regime del risparmio gestito") as described under paragraph "Capital Gains Tax" 
below. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applicable on capital gains realised on the disposal of the Warrants by 
Warrantholders included among the following categories of Italian resident persons: 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Warrants are 
connected, or 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities, or 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime ("regime della dichiarazione"), which is the default regime for 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Warrants are 
effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any offsetable capital losses, realised by the Italian resident 
individual holding the Warrants. In this instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not 
connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Warrants 
carried out during any given fiscal year. Italian resident individuals holding the Warrants not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity must report the overall amount of the capital gains 
realised in any fiscal year, net of any offsetable capital losses, in the annual tax return and pay the 
imposta sostitutiva on those gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the 
four succeeding fiscal years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual holding the Warrants not 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay under the administrative savings 
regime ("regime del risparmio amministrato") the imposta sostitutiva separately on any capital 
gain realised on each sale or redemption of the Warrants. Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to: 
(1) 
the Warrants being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and 
(2) 
an express election for the administrative savings regime being timely made in writing by 
the relevant Warrantholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of any capital gain realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Warrants (as well as in respect of any capital gain realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding 
amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Warrantholder or using funds provided by the 
Warrantholder for this purpose. Under the administrative savings regime, where a sale or 
redemption of the Warrants results in a capital loss, which may be deducted from any capital gain 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same fiscal year or in the 
following fiscal years up to the fourth. Under the administrative savings regime, the Warrantholder 
is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.

--- Page 67 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 55 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
(c) 
Under the asset management regime ("regime del risparmio gestito"), any capital gain realised by 
Italian resident individuals holding the Warrants not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Warrants, to an 
authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding fiscal years. The Warrantholder is not required to report the 
capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gain deriving from the sale or redemption of the Warrants and realised by Italian resident 
companies (including Italian permanent establishments of foreign entities to which the Warrants are 
connected), similar commercial entity, commercial partnership or Italian resident individuals engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Warrants are effectively connected would not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Warrantholder's income tax return and therefore subject to 
IRES (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Warrantholder, also as part of the net 
value of the production for regional tax on business activities ("IRAP") purposes). 
In the case of Warrants held by Funds, SICAFs and SICAVs, capital gains on Warrants contribute to 
determinate the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAFs or SICAVs accrued at the 
end of each tax year. The Funds, SICAFs or SICAVs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but 
the Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Warrantholder that is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions of 
Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, shall 
not be subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund or 
real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of 
the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through 
distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Warrantholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Decree No. 252) will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in 
the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund 
Tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains in respect of Warrants realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian pension fund may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Warrants are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 
(100 - 114), of Law 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings 
accounts established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended 
and applicable from time to time. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Warrants realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per 
cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Warrants are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1 (100 – 114), of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 
(211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 
2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to 
possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial 
instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and 
requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Warrantholders are not subject to Italian taxation provided 
that the Warrants are held outside Italy or the capital gain derived from transaction executed in regulated 
market.

--- Page 68 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 56 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
Warrants not having 100% capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer 
In accordance with a different interpretation of the current legislation it is possible to consider the Warrants 
as "atypical securities" pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree N° 512 of 30 September 1983. In this event 
any payment relating to the Warrants may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax is levied by any Italian resident entity which intervenes in the collection 
of payments on the Warrants or in their repurchase or transfers. In case the payments on the Warrants are 
not received through any aforementioned Italian resident entity, Italian resident individual Warrantholders 
are required to report the payments in their income tax return and subject them to a final withholding tax at 
26 per cent. rate. Italian resident individual Warrantholders may elect instead to pay ordinary income tax 
at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the Italian resident individual 
Warrantholders should generally benefit from a tax credit for any withholding tax possible applied outside 
Italy. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to a non-Italian resident Warrantholder 
and to an Italian resident Warrantholder which is (i) a company (including Italian permanent establishments 
of foreign entities) or similar commercial entity, (ii) a commercial partnerships or (iii) a private or public 
institution carrying out commercial activities. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Warrants not 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici ("atypical securities") pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 
512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114), of 
Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts 
established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and 
applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further 
provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings 
account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax 
credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that 
certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set 
off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of any valuable assets (including the Notes and the Warrants) as a result of death or donation 
(or other transfers for no consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are 
taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the 
transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding EUR 1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to the 
tax on the value exceeding EUR 100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct 
affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding 
EUR 1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets 
(such as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the substitute 
tax (imposta sostitutiva) provided for by Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the donee 
sells the Notes for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required to 
pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place.

--- Page 69 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 57 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
Stamp duty 
According to Article 13 par. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October, 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by a financial intermediary to their clients in respect of any Notes and/or Warrants which may 
be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and 
it cannot exceed EUR14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the 
basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption 
amount of the Notes and/or the Warrants. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued 
by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or 
insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting from fiscal year 
2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions holding financial 
assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 
0.2 per cent. (VAFE). Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers 
which are not individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or – if 
no market value figure is available – on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the nominal 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the 
Notes and/or the Warrants) held outside of the Italian territory. 
A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. The financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit 
entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of 
Decree No. 917) resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in 
certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in 
case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed 
for the income tax return). The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct 
holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to (i) Notes and/or 
Warrants deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, (ii) with respect to 
contracts entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the 
Notes and/or Warrants have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries or (iii) if the foreign investments 
are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a EUR 
15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
OTHER TAXATION MATTERS – NOTES AND WARRANTS 
Withholding of U.S. tax on account of FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of 
the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements (each an "IGA") 
with the United States to implement FATCA, which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA

--- Page 70 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 58 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes and Warrants, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes or Warrants, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes or Warrants, such withholding would not apply prior to the second 
anniversary of the date on which final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payments" are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes or Warrants treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes — Further Issues" or "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes — Further 
Issues") or Warrants (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants — Further Issues") that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes or Warrants are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes or Warrants, including the Notes or Warrants offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes or Warrants. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes or Warrants, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments 
Section 871(m) of the Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 871(m)") generally 
impose a 30 per cent. withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to certain persons 
with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities 
(such equities and indices, "U.S. Underlying Equities"). A "dividend equivalent" is any payment that 
references a dividend on any U.S. Underlying Equity. Section 871(m) generally applies to instruments that 
substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities, as determined 
upon issuance, based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations (such an instrument, a 
"Specified Security"). 
If a Note or a Warrant is a Specified Security, the relevant Final Terms will specify that the Note is a 
"Section 871(m) Note" or the Warrant is a "Section 871(m) Warrant" for the purposes of Section 871(m) 
and also specify the method of Section 871(m) withholding that will be applied to the Note or Warrant. 
If "Dividend Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer will report 
the appropriate amount of each payment under the Note or Warrant (including possibly a portion of the 
payments at maturity of the Note or Warrant) that are attributable to dividends on U.S. Underlying Equities, 
and the applicable withholding agent is expected to withhold 30 per cent. from such payment unless the 
payee establishes an exemption from or reduction in the withholding tax. In addition, non-U.S. investors 
may be subject to U.S. withholding tax on proceeds from the sale of a Note or Warrant, to the extent those 
proceeds reflect dividends on U.S. Underlying Equities. 
If "Issuer Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer will withhold 
30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments payable under the Note or Warrant (including possibly a 
portion of the payments at maturity of the Note or Warrant). If the terms of the Note or Warrant provide 
that all or a portion of the dividends on U.S. Underlying Equities are reinvested in the Underlyings during 
the term of the Note or Warrant, the terms of the Note or Warrant will also provide that only 70 per cent. 
of a deemed dividend equivalent will be reinvested. The remaining 30 per cent. of such deemed dividend 
equivalent will be treated, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as having been withheld from a 
gross dividend equivalent payment due to the investor and remitted to the IRS on behalf of the investor. 
The Issuer will withhold such amounts without regard to either any applicable treaty rate or the 
classification of an investor as a U.S. or non-U.S. investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
If payments to an investor are subject to withholding tax and the investor believes it is eligible for an 
exemption from, or reduced rate of, withholding tax, the investor may be able to claim a refund of the 
amounts over-withheld. The Issuer makes no representation regarding investors' eligibility to claim such a 
refund, and investors may not be able to obtain an IRS Form 1042 from the Issuer or any custodian that 
would assist investors in obtaining the refund. Furthermore, the Issuer will not be required to pay any

--- Page 71 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.5 – Taxation 
10231698288-v34 
- 59 - 
 
 
70-41030487 
 
additional amounts as a result of this withholding tax, regardless of which withholding method is applicable 
to the Notes or Warrants, and regardless of whether the investor may have been eligible for an exemption 
or reduction in the withholding tax on payments from the applicable withholding agent. 
The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes or Warrants 
linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Section 871(m) Notes or Section 871(m) 
Warrants may be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes or Warrants, including, if applicable, the availability of, and 
process for, claiming a refund of such withholding tax.

--- Page 72 ---
Part I – Information Relating to the Programme Generally 
Section I.6 – Additional Information regarding Offshore RMB 
10231698288-v34 
- 60 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION I.6 - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING OFFSHORE RMB 
There has been a significant reduction in exchange control on Renminbi by the PRC Government in recent 
years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services as well as 
other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account 
items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually. 
Although, Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions 
were implemented by the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC 
Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that 
the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the 
PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance 
of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation programme and efforts in 
recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not 
impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.

--- Page 73 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 61 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION I.7 – GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section provides additional, general disclosure in relation to the Programme. 
1. 
The continuation of the Programme and the issue of Notes and Warrants under the Programme 
have been authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 11 February 
2022. 
2. 
The English Law Notes and Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and may also be accepted for clearance through CREST. French Law 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear France systems. The appropriate International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), 
common code ("Common Code"), Valoren number ("Valoren Number"), Stock Exchange Daily 
Official List ("SEDOL") number and any other identifier and/or code (as applicable) in relation to 
the Notes and Warrants of each Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. French Law 
Notes will be issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and will be inscribed in the books 
of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) and accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
France. The address of Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of Clearstream Banking, S.A. is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited is Watling House, 33 Cannon St, 
London EC4M 5SB, United Kingdom. The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 
75009 Paris, France. 
3. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s), 
the Registrar or Warrant Registrar, and the Principal Paying Agent or Principal Warrant Agent, as 
applicable. 
4. 
In relation to the Issuer, any transfer of, or payment in respect of, a Note, Warrant or Coupon 
involving (i) any individual or entity ("Person") who or which is the subject of United Nations, 
European Union, United Kingdom or United States sanctions (collectively, "Sanctions"), (ii) any 
Person located or resident in or incorporated in or constituted under the laws of any country that is 
the subject of Sanctions, or (iii) any Person owned or controlled by any of the foregoing or by any 
Person acting on behalf of the foregoing, may be subject to restrictions, including under Sanctions 
or other similar measures. 
5. 
Generally, any notice, document or information to be sent or supplied by the Issuer to its 
shareholder(s) may be sent or supplied in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 (the 
"Companies Act") (whether authorised or required to be sent or supplied by the Companies Act 
or otherwise) in hard copy form or in electronic form. If at any time by reason of the suspension or 
curtailment of postal services within the United Kingdom the Issuer is unable effectively to 
convene a general meeting by notices sent through the post, subject to the Companies Act, a general 
meeting may be convened by a notice advertised in at least one United Kingdom national 
newspaper. Such notice shall be deemed to have been duly served on all members entitled thereto 
at noon on the day on which the advertisement first appears. In any such case the Issuer shall send 
confirmatory copies of the notice by post if at least seven days prior to the meeting the posting of 
notices to addresses throughout the United Kingdom again becomes practicable. 
6. 
Notices to the Noteholders or Warrantholders are made in accordance with the Conditions of the 
relevant Notes or Warrants, as applicable. 
7. 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the indication of yield (if any) referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms will be calculated at the Issue Date of such Tranche on the basis of the Issue Price of such 
Tranche. It is not an indication of future yield. 
8. 
Any tranche of Notes or Warrants intended to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted to 
listing and trading upon submission to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin of the 
relevant Final Terms and any other information required by the Central Bank of Ireland and/or 
Euronext Dublin, subject in each case to the issue of the relevant Notes or Warrants (as the case 
may be). Prior to listing and admittance to trading of Notes or Warrants (as the case may be), 
dealings will be permitted by Euronext Dublin in accordance with its rules. Transactions will

--- Page 74 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 62 - 
70-41030487 
 
normally be effected for delivery on the second working day in Dublin after the date of the 
transaction. 
9. 
Application may be made for a listing of Notes or Warrants on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and admission 
to trading on the Electronic Bond Market, being the regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("MOT"). 
10. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
and its subsidiary undertakings since 30 June 2022 nor any material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
11. 
Save as disclosed in Note 25 "Provisions" on pages 162 to 163, and Note 32 "Legal proceedings 
and regulatory matters" on pages 169 to 172, of the 2021 Annual Report and Accounts and in Note 
8 "Provisions" on page 72, and Note 10 "Legal proceedings and regulatory matters" on pages 73 
to 75, of the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report (incorporated by reference herein), there are 
no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12-month period before the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiary undertakings. 
12. 
The Issuer may pay to distributors (which may include affiliates of the Issuer) of Notes or Warrants 
issued under this Base Prospectus commissions or fees (including in the form of a discount to the 
issue price of such Notes or purchase price of such Warrants). Such commissions, fees or discounts 
will be as such parties may agree from time to time. 
13. 
The date of the articles of association of the Issuer is 28 October 2021. 
14. 
This Base Prospectus and all the documents incorporated by reference herein will be available for 
viewing 
via 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20 or the relevant link included for such document in the section 
entitled "Incorporation by Reference". For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
15. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of the Issuer is: MP6I5ZYZBEU3UXPYFY54. 
16. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, details of the administrator(s) of the following benchmarks, 
as set out in the table below, appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Benchmark 
Administrator Full Name 
CAC 40 Index 
Euronext Paris 
DAX® Index 
STOXX Ltd. 
Dow Jones Industrial Average Index 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 
EURO STOXX 50® Index 
STOXX Ltd. 
IBEX 35® Index 
Sociedad de Bolsas, S.A. 
Nikkei Stock Average 
Nikkei Inc. 
S&P 500 Index 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 
TOPIX 500 Value  
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 
 
17. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of the following benchmarks, as set out 
in the table below, do not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation and, as far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that they 
are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the EU, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 75 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 63 - 
70-41030487 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator Full Name 
FTSE® 100 INDEX 
FTSE International Limited 
Hang Seng Index 
Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited 
KOSPI 200 Index 
Korean Exchange 
MSCI Indices 
MSCI Limited 
NASDAQ Index 
Nasdaq Inc. 
Russell 2000 Index 
FTSE International Limited 
Taiwan Stock Exchange Capitalization 
Weighted Stock Index 
Taiwan Stock Exchange 
 
18. 
The directors of the Issuer, each of whose business address is 8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ, 
United Kingdom, their functions in relation to the Issuer and their principal outside activities (if 
any) of significance to the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Function 
within 
the 
Group 
Other principal activities outside of the Issuer 
S O'Connor* 
Chairman 
Non-executive Director, HSBC Continental Europe 
Non-executive Chair, Quantile Technologies Limited 
Chairman, Quantile Group Limited 
Director, London Stock Exchange plc 
Non-executive Director, FICC Markets Standards 
Board  
J Trueman 
 
Deputy 
Chairman 
C Bell 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Remuneration, 
Nomination and Mediation Committees, HSBC 
Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH 
Director, Quantexa Ltd 
D Watts 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
Non-executive Director and Chair of the Audit 
Committee, CAF Bank Limited 
Member of the Supervisory Board, HSBC Trinkaus & 
Burkhardt GmbH 
Y Omura* 
Director 
Senior Independent Director, The Private 
Infrastructure Development Group Limited (PIDG) 
Non-executive Director, Assured Guaranty Limited 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Nishimoto HD Co 
Limited 
J Ellis* 
Director 
—

--- Page 76 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 64 - 
70-41030487 
 
Name 
Function 
within 
the 
Group 
Other principal activities outside of the Issuer 
E Strutz* 
Director 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Chair of the Audit 
Committee and member of the Risk Committee, 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH 
Non-executive Director, member of the Audit 
Committee and President of the Risk Committee, 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Non-executive Director, member of the Remuneration 
Committee and Chairman of the Audit Committee, 
Global Blue Group Holding AG 
Member of the Advisory Board and Chairman of the 
Audit and Risk Committee of Luxembourg Investment 
Company 261 Sarl 
A Wright* 
Director 
Member of Supervisory Board, Chair of the Risk 
Committee and member of the Audit Committee, 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH 
N Dove-Edwin* 
Director 
Chief Digital Transformation Officer, Thames Water 
Non-executive Director of POD Point Group Holdings 
plc 
P Clackson* 
Director 
Managing Partner, Marston Lodge Farm Partnership 
Notes: 
* 
Independent Non-executive Director 
Management Committees 
Executive Committee 
The Issuer's Executive Committee, whose business address is 8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ, 
United Kingdom, meets regularly and operates as a management committee under the direct 
authority of the board of directors of the Issuer.  The members of the Executive Committee and 
their functions in relation to the Issuer's Executive Committee and their principal outside activities 
(if any) of significance to the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Other principal activities outside 
the Issuer 
C Bell 
Chief Executive Officer, HSBC 
Bank plc and Chief Executive 
Officer, Europe 
Member of the Supervisory Board, 
Remuneration, Nomination and 
Mediation 
Committees, 
HSBC 
Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH 
 
Director, Quantexa Ltd 
A Beane 
Head of Commercial Banking, 
Europe  
Director, HSBC Bank Armenia cjsc 
R Blackburn 
Chief Risk Officer, EMEA and 
Global Banking & Markets and 
Commercial Banking 
— 
M Charles 
General Counsel, HSBC Bank plc 
and Co-General Counsel, Global 
Banking & Markets and Global 
Commercial Banking  
— 
D Watts 
Chief Financial Officer, Europe 
Director and Chair of the Audit 
Committee, CAF Bank Limited

--- Page 77 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 65 - 
70-41030487 
 
Name 
Function 
Other principal activities outside 
the Issuer 
P George 
Head of Markets and Securities 
Services, 
Europe 
and 
North 
America 
— 
L McGeough 
Head of Global Banking, EMEA 
— 
A Campbell 
Company Secretary, HSBC Bank 
plc and Europe Region  
— 
R Montgomerie 
Head of Human Resources, EMEA 
— 
A Sowter 
Chief Compliance Officer, EMEA 
(MENAT 
& 
Europe), 
Global 
Banking 
& 
Markets 
and 
Commercial Banking  
— 
H Ashley 
Regional 
Head 
of 
Communications, Europe 
 
A Wild 
Chief Executive Officer, HSBC 
Continental Europe  
Director, 
HSBC 
Continental 
Europe 
Officer, AFB 
Director, Groupement des Banques 
étrangéres en France   
T Kwong 
Chief Operating Officer, HSBC 
Bank plc and Europe 
Director, HSBC Armenia cjsc 
Director, Vizolution Limited 
N Salsano 
Chief Executive Officer, HSBC 
Germany  
— 
Niccolo Polli  
Head of Strategy and Planning 
Europe and Chief of Staff, CEO 
Europe 
Director, 
HSBC 
Trinkaus 
& 
Burkhardt (International) S.A. 
Director, HSBC Bank Armenia cjsc 
Dinesh Sharma 
Regional Head of Wealth and 
Personal Banking, EMEA 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer by its 
directors or its Executive Committee (each as described above) and the private interests and/or 
external duties owed by these individuals. 
19. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes or Warrants, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or prepare and publish 
a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes or Warrants. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity.

--- Page 78 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 66 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART II – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
SECTION II.1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
This section provides details of how an investment in the Notes works and how payments under the Notes 
are calculated, including a number of worked examples. 
Please note: The worked examples provided in this "Section II.1 – Description of the Notes" are produced 
for illustrative purposes only. The analysis is based on simplifying assumptions and hypothetical figures, 
levels, prices and thresholds and does not reflect a complete analysis of all possible gain and loss scenarios 
that may arise under any actual investment in the Notes. No representation or warranty is made by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates that any scenario shown below can be duplicated under any actual investment 
in the Notes. Actual results may vary from the results shown below, and variations may be material. The 
mark-to-market value of the Notes can fluctuate either upward or downward due to changes in prevailing 
market conditions. Accordingly, if an investment in the Notes is unwound, repurchased or otherwise 
redeemed whether at or prior to its stated maturity, investors in such Notes may receive less than the 
purchase price of the Notes and therefore sustain a loss which in a worst-case scenario may be equal to 
their invested amount. 
(1) 
Introduction 
The Issuer may from time-to-time issue Notes. A document known as the "Final Terms" will be prepared 
in respect of each issue of Notes. The Final Terms will give further details of the amounts payable under 
the Notes. 
This section sets out the various types of amounts which may be payable under a Note and the valuation 
methods which may be used to ascertain the performance of indices or securities. 
Amounts payable on redemption 
Unless a Note has been redeemed (i.e. repaid) early, a Note will be redeemed at the end of its term on the 
"Maturity Date". The amount that an investor will receive at maturity (the "Final Redemption Amount") 
will be calculated using the redemption provisions specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms will specify one of the following redemption provisions as applying to a particular issue of Notes: 
• 
Booster with Barrier Redemption; 
• 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption; 
• 
Barrier Redemption; 
• 
Digital with Barrier Redemption; 
• 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption; 
• 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption; 
• 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption; 
• 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption; 
• 
Buffer Redemption; 
• 
Booster with Buffer Redemption; 
• 
Digital with Buffer Redemption; 
• 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption; and 
• 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption.

--- Page 79 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 67 - 
70-41030487 
 
The amount of the Final Redemption Amount will depend on the performance of the index or basket of 
indices ("Index" and "Basket of Indices", respectively) or security or basket of securities ("Security" and 
"Basket of Securities", respectively) to which the Note is linked and the relevant redemption provision. In 
this section, an "Underlying" shall mean an Index or Security, as the case may be, and a "Basket of 
Underlyings" shall mean a Basket of Indices or Basket of Securities, as the case may be. 
Further details and explanations of the above redemption provisions and the various Final Redemption 
Amounts which may be payable depending on which of the above redemption provisions is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms are set out in sub-section (3) below, together with some worked examples illustrating 
the calculations of such amounts. 
Additional redemption features 
In addition, some Notes may specify in the relevant Final Terms that: 
• 
"Lock-In Redemption Event" provisions are applicable. In this case, the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes may also depend on whether a Lock-In Redemption Event has occurred. If a 
Lock-In Redemption Event has occurred, investors will receive a fixed percentage return (the 
"Lock-In Redemption Percentage") of the calculation amount regardless of the performance of 
the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings to which the Notes are linked or the other specified 
redemption provisions. Details of the amounts which may be payable in these circumstances are 
set out in sub-section (4) below, together with a worked example; and/or 
• 
"Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes" provisions are applicable. In this case, the Notes 
may be redeemed on certain specified dates prior to their stated Maturity Date, depending on the 
performance of the Underlying(s) to which the Notes are linked. Details of the amounts which may 
be payable in these circumstances are set out in sub-section (5) below, together with a worked 
example. 
Other amounts which may be payable 
The Final Terms relating to a Note may specify that "Fixed Rate Note provisions" or "Floating Rate Note 
provisions" are applicable. If this is the case, an investor will receive on certain specified dates interest 
payments (each, an "Interest Amount"), which will be calculated either by reference to a fixed rate of 
interest or a floating rate of interest, respectively. Details of the how Interest Amounts are calculated are 
set out in sub-sections 6(a) and 6(b) below, together with some worked examples illustrating how the 
calculations are made in practice. 
Some Notes may specify in their Final Terms that "Coupon Trigger Event" provisions are applicable (for 
the avoidance of doubt, these are alternative provisions to the Fixed Rate Note provisions and the Floating 
Rate Note provisions detailed above and, if Coupon Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Fixed Rate Note provisions and/or the Floating Rate Note provisions will not be 
applicable). In this case, a coupon payment may be made by the Issuer to an investor, depending on the 
performance of the Underlying(s) to which a Note is linked. Details of the amounts which may be payable 
in these circumstances are set out in sub-section 6(c) below, together with a worked example illustrating 
how the calculations are made in practice. 
Where "Coupon Trigger Event" is specified, the Notes may further specify in their Final Terms that: 
• 
"Lock-In Coupon Event" is applicable in relation to the Notes. In this case, if the performance of the 
Underlying or Basket of Underlyings exceeds a specified threshold, then coupon payments will be 
made with respect to each future Coupon Trigger Event payment date regardless of the future 
performance of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. Details of the amounts which may be payable 
in these circumstances are set out in sub-sections 6(d) below, together with a worked example 
illustrating how the calculations are made in practice; or 
• 
"Coupon Trigger Recovery Event" is applicable in relation to the Notes. In this case, if the 
performance of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings exceeds a specified threshold, investors will 
receive an additional payment equivalent to the sum of all coupons which were not originally payable 
on their related valuation date due to the performance of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (and 
which have not subsequently been paid in accordance with the Coupon Trigger Recovery Event

--- Page 80 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 68 - 
70-41030487 
 
provisions). Details of the amounts which may be payable in these circumstances are set out in sub-
section 6(e) below, together with a worked example illustrating how the calculations are made in 
practice. 
***** 
The following table sets out for each valuation method relating to the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings 
which may apply to the Notes details of where an explanation of such valuation method and a related 
worked example can be found in this Base Prospectus. 
Ascertaining the Specified Level or Specified Price 
Specified Level or Specified Price of a single 
Underlying 
Pages 69 to 72 
Specified Level or Specified Price of a Basket of 
Underlyings 
Pages 73 to 75 
Ascertaining the performance of each Underlying and Basket of Underlyings 
Relevant Performance of an Underlying or Basket 
of Underlyings 
Pages 75 to 76 
Relevant Final Performance 
Pages 76 to 76 
Relevant Observation Performance  
Pages 76 to 77 
Barrier Event 
Pages 77 to 78 
 
The following table sets out for each set of redemption provisions (and additional redemption features) and 
interest/coupon provisions which may apply to the Notes details of where an explanation of such provisions 
and a related worked example can be found in this Base Prospectus. 
If the Final Terms specify that the following is 
applicable 
… an explanation and worked example in 
this Base Prospectus may be found at: 
Redemption Provisions 
Booster with Barrier Redemption 
Pages 78 to 81 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption 
Pages 81 to 85 
Barrier Redemption 
Pages 85 to 87 
Digital with Barrier Redemption 
Pages 88 to 89 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption 
Pages 89 to 92 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption 
Pages 92 to 94 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
Pages 95 to 96 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption 
Pages 97 to 98 
Buffer Redemption 
Pages 98 to 100 
Booster with Buffer Redemption 
Pages 100 to 102 
Digital with Buffer Redemption 
Pages 102 to 103

--- Page 81 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 69 - 
70-41030487 
 
If the Final Terms specify that the following is 
applicable 
… an explanation and worked example in 
this Base Prospectus may be found at: 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption  
Pages 104 to 106 
Step-Down 
Growth 
with 
Partial 
Protection 
Redemption 
Pages 106 to 108 
Additional Redemption Features 
Lock-In Redemption Event  
Pages 108 to 109 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
Pages 109 to 111 
Interest/Coupon Provisions 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Pages 111 to 111 
Floating Rate Notes 
Pages 112 to 114 
Coupon Trigger Event 
Pages 114 to 115 
Additional Coupon Features 
Coupon Trigger Event - Lock-In Coupon Event 
Pages 115 to 117 
Coupon Trigger Event – Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Event 
Pages 117 to 120 
 
(2) 
Ascertaining the Specified Level or Specified Price 
Each Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Coupon Trigger Amount 
which may be payable in respect of a Note will be determined by reference to the performance of the 
Underlying or Basket of Underlyings to which the Note is linked. Details of how to ascertain the 
performance of an Underlying or Basket of Underlyings are set out below, together with worked examples 
illustrating how the calculations are made in practice. 
(a) 
Specified Level or Specified Price of a single Underlying 
In order to make calculations with respect to the Notes, the Calculation Agent will first be required to 
determine the value of the relevant Underlying or, with respect to a Basket of Underlyings, each Underlying 
comprising such Basket. 
In order to determine the value of an Underlying the Calculation Agent will need to determine the 
"Specified Level" (with respect to an Index) or "Specified Price" (with respect to a Security) with respect 
to such Underlying. 
The value of the Underlying will depend on the valuation method specified with respect to the relevant 
determination being made in relation to the Underlying. 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Specified Level of an Index or the Specified Price of a Security 
in accordance with the provisions specified in relation to such determination in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of the potential valuation methods (together with a worked example) are described below. 
• 
Where "Single Observation" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination: 
• 
the Specified Level of an Index with respect to the relevant date for determination shall be 
(i) in the case of an Index other than a Multiple Exchange Index, the level of the Index 
quoted on a particular exchange or quotation system or (ii) in the case of a Multiple 
Exchange Index, the level of the Index as calculated by an index sponsor, in each case at 
a particular valuation time on a particular valuation date (the "Closing Level"); and

--- Page 82 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 70 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
the Specified Price of a Security with respect to the relevant date for determination shall 
be the price of the Security quoted on a particular exchange or quotation system at a 
particular valuation time on a particular valuation date (the "Closing Price"). 
Single Observation worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to the FTSE®100 Index.  
• 
"Single Observation" is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable with respect to the relevant 
determination. 
• 
The Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination is 30 
June 2023. 
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 p.m. (London time). 
• 
The level of the FTSE®100 Index on 30 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is 6,000. 
What is the Specified Level? 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index will be the level of the FTSE®100 Index at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date. 
The level of the FTSE®100 Index on 30 June 2023 at 5.00 pm (London time) is 6,000, thus the Specified 
Level will be 6,000. 
 
• 
Where: 
• 
"Highest Level" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination, the 
Specified Level of an Index with respect to the relevant date for determination shall be the 
highest Closing Level observed with respect such Index over particular observation dates 
or during a particular observation period; and 
• 
"Highest Price" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination, the 
Specified Price of a Security with respect to the relevant date for determination shall be 
the highest Closing Price observed with respect such Security over particular observation 
dates or during a particular observation period. 
Highest Price worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to the ordinary shares of Company A.  
• 
"Highest Price" is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable with respect to the relevant 
determination. 
• 
The Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination is 30 
June 2023. 
• 
The Observation Dates specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination 
are 28 June 2023, 29 June 2023 and 30 June 2023.  
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 p.m. (London time).

--- Page 83 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 71 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
The price of Company A shares on: 
• 
28 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is GBP 200. 
• 
29 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is GBP 250. 
• 
30 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is GBP 180. 
What is the Specified Price? 
The Specified Price of the Company A Security will be the highest price of the Company A Security 
recorded at the Valuation Time over each Observation Date. 
Thus in order to determine the Specified Price, the Calculation Agent will obtain the price of the 
Company A shares on each of 28 June 2023, 29 June 2023 and 30 June 2023, in each case at 5.00 pm 
(London time), and determine the highest price recorded over such dates. 
The highest price recorded is GBP 250 on 29 June 2023, thus the Specified Price will be GBP 250. 
 
• 
Where: 
• 
"Lowest Level" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination, the 
Specified Level of an Index with respect to the relevant date for determination shall be the 
lowest Closing Level observed with respect such Index over particular observation dates 
or during a particular observation period; and 
• 
"Lowest Price" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination, the 
Specified Price of a Security with respect to the relevant date for determination shall be 
the lowest Closing Price observed with respect such Security over particular observation 
dates or during a particular observation period. 
Lowest Price worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to the ordinary shares of Company B.  
• 
"Lowest Price" is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable with respect to the relevant 
determination. 
• 
The Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination is 30 
June 2023. 
• 
The Observation Period specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination 
includes each scheduled trading day with respect to the Company B shares from and including 
26 June 2023 to and including the Valuation Date (being 30 June 2023).  
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 p.m. (London time). 
• 
The price of the Company B shares on: 
• 
26 June 2023 – is a bank holiday and thus no price is ascertained with respect to such 
date. 
• 
27 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is EUR 450. 
• 
28 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is EUR 435.

--- Page 84 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 72 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
29 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is EUR 475. 
• 
30 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is EUR 450. 
What is the Specified Price? 
The Specified Price of the Company B Security will be the lowest price of the Company B Security 
recorded at the Valuation Time over the Observation Period. 
Thus in order to determine the Specified Price, the Calculation Agent will obtain the price of the 
Company B shares on each scheduled trading day from and including 26 June 2023 to and including the 
Valuation Date (being 30 June 2023), in each case at 5.00 pm (London time), and determine the lowest 
price recorded over such dates. 
The lowest price recorded is EUR 435 on 28 June 2023, thus the Specified Price will be EUR 435. 
 
• 
Where: 
• 
"Average Level" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination, the 
Specified Level of an Index with respect to the relevant date for determination shall be the 
arithmetic average of the Closing Levels observed with respect such Index over particular 
averaging dates or during a particular averaging period; and 
• 
"Average Price" is specified as being applicable with respect to such determination, the 
Specified Price of a Security with respect to the relevant date for determination shall the 
arithmetic average of the Closing Prices observed with respect such Security over 
particular averaging dates or during a particular averaging period. 
Average Level worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to the FTSE®100 Index.  
• 
"Average Level" is specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination. 
• 
The Averaging Dates specified in the Final Terms with respect to the relevant determination are 
28 June 2023, 29 June 2023 and 30 June 2023.  
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 p.m. (London time). 
• 
The level of the FTSE®100 Index on: 
• 
28 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is 5,800. 
• 
29 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is 6,200. 
• 
30 June 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (London time) is 6,000. 
What is the Specified Level? 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index will be the arithmetic average of the levels of the 
FTSE®100 Index recorded at the Valuation Time over the Averaging Dates. 
In order to calculate the Specified Level, the Calculation Agent will calculate the arithmetic average of 
the levels of the Index over each of the three Averaging Dates. 
The Specified Level is therefore 6,000, being (5,800 + 6,200 + 6,000) divided by 3.

--- Page 85 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 73 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
Alternatively, the Final Terms may specify Specified Level or Specified Price (as applicable) to be Not 
Applicable and instead specify "Average Basket – Lowest Date" or Average Basket – Highest Date" to 
apply. In these circumstances, no Specified Level or Specified Price will be determined with respect to any 
Underlying. A worked example in respect of the "Average Basket – Lowest Date" or Average Basket – 
Highest Date" provisions is set out in sub-section (3)(b). 
 
(b) 
Specified Level or Specified Price of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Note is linked to a Basket of Underlyings, once the Calculation Agent has determined the 
Specified Level or Specified Price (as applicable) of each Underlying comprising such Basket in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, the Calculation Agent may then need to determine the Specified Price or 
Specified Level with respect to the Basket. 
Where required to do so, the Calculation Agent will determine the Specified Price or Specified Level of the 
Basket in accordance with the provisions specified in relation to such Basket in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of the potential valuation methods (together with a worked example) are described below. 
• 
Where "Worst Of Basket" is specified as being applicable with respect to such Basket of 
Underlyings, the Specified Price or Specified Level of the Basket will be the Specified Level or 
Specified Price (as applicable) of the Underlying which has performed least well as against the 
initial price or level of such Underlying. 
Worst Of Basket worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to a Basket consisting of the FTSE®100 Index and the 
S&P 500® Index. 
• 
"Worst of Basket" is specified in the Final Terms with respect to such Basket. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index is specified in the Final Terms to be 6,000. 
• 
The initial index level of the S&P 500® Index is specified in the Final Terms to be 2,000. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the relevant determination -  
• 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index is 6,120, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index is 2,500, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
Which is the "Worst Performing" Index? 
In order to determine which is the worst performing Index, the Specified Level with respect to each 
Index is divided by the initial index level of such Index to produce a percentage representing the 
appreciation or depreciation of such Index as against its initial level.  
• 
FTSE®100 Index – 6,120 divided by 6,000 = 102% 
• 
S&P 500® Index – 2,500 divided by 2,000 = 125% 
The level of the FTSE®100 Index has risen less in percentage terms than the level of the S&P 500® 
Index, thus the FTSE®100 Index is the "Worst Performing" Index. 
What is the Specified Level?

--- Page 86 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 74 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Specified Level of the Basket will thus be the Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index (being the 
Worst Performing Index) - 6,120. 
 
• 
Where "Best Of Basket" is specified as being applicable with respect to such Basket of 
Underlyings, the Specified Level or Specified Price of the Basket will be the Specified Level or 
Specified Price (as applicable) of the Underlying which has performed best against the initial price 
or level of such Underlying. 
Best Of Basket worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to a Basket consisting of ordinary shares in Company A 
and ordinary shares in Company B. 
• 
"Best of Basket" is specified in the Final Terms with respect to such Basket. 
• 
The initial price of Company A shares is specified in the Final Terms to be USD 210. 
• 
The initial price of Company B shares is specified in the Final Terms to be EUR 500. 
• 
"Average Price" is specified to apply with respect to the relevant determination -  
• 
The Specified Price of the Company A shares is USD 180, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent using the "Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company B shares is EUR 400, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent using the "Average Price" valuation method. 
Which is the "Best Performing" Security? 
In order to determine which is the best performing Security, the Specified Price with respect to each 
Security is divided by the initial price of such Security to produce a percentage representing the 
appreciation or depreciation of such Security as against its initial price.  
• 
Company A shares – USD 180 divided by USD 210 = 85.71% 
• 
Company B shares – EUR 400 divided by EUR 500 = 80% 
The price of the Company A shares has fallen less in percentage terms than the price of the Company B 
shares, thus the Company A shares is the "Best Performing" Security. 
What is the Specified Level? 
The Specified Price of the Basket will thus be the Specified Price of the Company A shares (being the 
Best Performing Security), thus the Specified Price will be USD 180. 
 
• 
Where "Average Basket" is specified as being applicable with respect to such Basket of 
Underlyings, the Specified Levels or Specified Prices (as applicable) of the Underlyings 
comprising the Basket will be determined but no Specified Level or Specified Price will be 
determined with respect to the Basket (as the performance of each component will be determined 
separately and then weighted accordingly to give the performance of the basket).

--- Page 87 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 75 - 
70-41030487 
 
Average Basket worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to an equally weighted Basket consisting of the FTSE®100 
Index and the S&P 500® Index. 
• 
"Average Basket" is specified in the Final Terms with respect to such Basket. 
• 
"Lowest Level" is specified to apply with respect to the relevant determination -  
• 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index is 6,200, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Lowest Level" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index is 2,500, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Lowest Level" valuation method. 
What is the Specified Level? 
With respect to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified to apply, the Specified 
Level will be determined with respect to each Index in the Basket comprising the Basket. No Specified 
Level is determined with respect to the Basket, as the performance of each component will be determined 
separately and then weighted accordingly (please see the worked example in sub-section (d) (Relevant 
Final Performance) for a worked example).  
 
(c) 
Relevant Performance of an Underlying or Basket of Underlyings 
In order to determine the Final Redemption Amount payable with respect to the Notes and/or to determine 
whether a Lock-In Redemption Event, Barrier Event, an Automatic Early Redemption Event, a Coupon 
Trigger Event, Coupon Trigger Recovery Event or a Lock-In Coupon Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will need to determine the appreciation or depreciation in the performance of the Underlying or 
Basket of Underlyings with respect to the relevant valuation date specified in relation to such determination. 
The Calculation Agent does so: 
• 
with respect to a single Underlying or a Basket of Underlyings with respect to which "Worst Of 
Basket" or "Best of Basket" is specified as applicable, by comparing the Specified Price or 
Specified Level (as determined in accordance with the valuation provisions specified in relation 
to the relevant valuation date) with the initial index level or security price (either as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or determined in accordance with one of the valuation methods described 
above); and 
• 
with respect to a Basket of Underlyings with respect to which: 
o 
"Average Basket" is specified as applicable, and a Specified Price or Specified Level has 
been determined, by determining the weighted average of the Relevant Performance 
determined in relation to each Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket; 
o 
"Average Basket" is specified as applicable, and the "Average Basket – Lowest Date" 
has been determined, by determining the weighted average of the performance of each  
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket on each specified observation 
date and further determining the lowest weighted average across each such specified 
observation date;  
o 
"Average Basket" is specified as applicable, and the "Average Basket – Highest Date" 
has been determined, by determining the weighted average of the performance of each  
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket on each specified observation 
date and further determining the highest weighted average across each such specified 
observation date;

--- Page 88 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 76 - 
70-41030487 
 
in order to ascertain the "Relevant Performance" of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. 
The Relevant Performance is a percentage representing any appreciation or depreciation in the Underlying 
or Basket of Underlyings, in comparison to the initial level or initial price (as applicable) of such Underlying 
or Basket of Underlyings. 
The Final Terms may specify the initial level or initial price (as applicable), otherwise the initial level or 
initial price (as applicable) will be determined in accordance with one of the valuation methods set out 
above. 
(d) 
Relevant Final Performance 
The Relevant Performance will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Final Valuation 
Date (the "Relevant Final Performance") in order to determine the Final Redemption Amount. 
Relevant Final Performance – Index Basket worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to an equally weighted Basket consisting of the FTSE®100 
Index and the S&P 500® Index. 
• 
"Average Basket" is specified in the Final Terms with respect to the Basket of Underlyings. 
• 
The Final Valuation Date is 30 June 2023. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date -  
• 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index is 6,120, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index is 2,500, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index is specified in the Final Terms to be 6,000. 
• 
The initial index level of the S&P 500® Index is specified in the Final Terms to be 2,000. 
What is the Relevant Final Performance of each Index in the Basket? 
The Relevant Final Performance of the FTSE®100 Index is determined by dividing the Specified Level 
by the initial index level - 6,120 divided by 6,000 = 102% 
The Relevant Final Performance of the S&P 500® Index is determined by dividing the Specified Level 
by the initial index level – 2,500 divided by 2,000 = 125% 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Relevant Final Performance is determined by determining the weighted average of the Relevant 
Final Performance of each Index – so [(50% × 102%) = 51%] + [(50% × 125%) = 62.5%] = 113.5% 
 
Detailed examples of how the Relevant Final Performance is used to determine the Final Redemption 
Amount are set out in sub-section (3). 
(e) 
Relevant Observation Performance 
The Relevant Performance may be calculated by the Calculation Agent in relation to other valuation dates 
("Relevant Observation Performance") depending on the terms applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 77 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Relevant Observation Performance may be determined in relation to: 
• 
each Barrier Valuation Date (where Barrier is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms) in 
order to determine whether a Barrier Event has occurred; 
• 
each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (where Early Redemption for Autocallable 
Notes is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms) in order to determine whether an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event has occurred; 
• 
each Coupon Trigger Valuation Date (where Coupon Trigger Event is specified to apply in the 
relevant Final Terms) in order to determine whether a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred; 
• 
each Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date (where Lock-In Coupon Event is specified to apply in the 
relevant Final Terms) in order to determine whether a Lock-In Coupon Event has occurred; and 
• 
the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (where Lock-In Redemption Event is specified to apply 
in the relevant Final Terms) in order to determine whether a Lock-In Redemption Event has 
occurred. 
Examples and further explanation of how the Relevant Observation Performance is determined and used 
are set out as follows – 
• 
in relation to determination of whether a Barrier Event has occurred, in sub-sections 2(f) and (3);  
• 
in relation to determination of whether a Lock-In Redemption Event has occurred, in sub-section 
(4); 
• 
in relation to determination of whether an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, in 
sub-section (5); 
• 
in relation to determination of whether a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred, in sub-section 
(6)(c); 
• 
in relation to determination of whether a Lock-In Coupon Event has occurred, in sub-section 
(6)(d). 
(f) 
Barrier Event 
If "Barrier" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may need to 
ascertain whether a Barrier Event has occurred in relation to the Notes (as well as determining the Relevant 
Final Performance) in order to determine the Final Redemption Amount. 
In order to ascertain whether a Barrier Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will determine if the 
Relevant Observation Performance (please see sub-section (e) (Relevant Observation Performance) above 
for further details and information on where to find worked examples) in respect of: 
• 
a single specified "Barrier Valuation Date" (where "European" is specified as the relevant Barrier 
Observation Method); 
• 
two or more specified "Barrier Valuation Dates" (where "Bermudan" is specified as the relevant 
Barrier Observation Method); or 
• 
any "Barrier Valuation Date" during a specified valuation period (where "Daily" is specified as the 
relevant Barrier Observation Method), 
has breached a specified percentage threshold (the "Barrier Level").

--- Page 90 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 78 - 
70-41030487 
 
Has a Barrier Event occurred? – Single Index worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note linked to the FTSE®100 Index. 
• 
Barrier is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the Barrier Event is specified to be 
Inclusive. 
• 
The Barrier Observation Method is specified to be European. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index is specified in the Final Terms to be 6,000. 
• 
The Barrier Valuation Date is 30 June 2023. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date and the 
Specified Level of the FTSE®100 is 6,120, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
"Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Barrier Level is 100%. 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance? 
The Relevant Observation Performance is determined by dividing the Specified Level of the Index 
determined in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date (6,120) by the initial index level (6,000), which is 
equal to 1.02 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 102%. Therefore, the Relevant Observation 
Performance with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date is 102%. 
Has a Barrier Event occurred? 
As the Barrier Event is specified to be Inclusive, a Barrier Event will occur if the Relevant Observation 
Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Barrier Level. 
The Relevant Observation Performance (102%) is greater than the Barrier Level (100%), so no Barrier 
Event has occurred. 
 
Further worked examples in relation to the determination of whether a Barrier Event has occurred are set 
out in sub-section (3). 
(3) 
Final Redemption Amount 
The calculation of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note depends on the method specified 
for determining the Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms. An investor in the Notes should 
refer to the corresponding paragraphs below to understand how the Final Redemption Amount is calculated 
for any particular Note. 
(a) 
Booster with Barrier Redemption 
Overview of Booster with Barrier Redemption 
Booster with Barrier Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a return 
upside (which may be subject to a maximum cap) based on the performance of the Underlying or Basket 
of Underlyings subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return 
threshold. In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Notes multiplied by 100% plus a percentage amount which reflects the appreciation of the relevant 
Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (which may be subject to a specified participation factor and/or a 
cap).

--- Page 91 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 79 - 
70-41030487 
 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold: 
• 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to 
the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Barrier Level; 
• 
whether a Barrier Event has occurred; 
• 
any participation factor; and 
• 
the maximum cap (if any). 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Booster with Barrier Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final 
Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the performance 
of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a percentage factor (the 
"Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap". 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by 
the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold: 
• 
if the Relevant Observation Performance is (X) less than (if "Non-Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event), or (Y) less than or equal to (if "Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) a specified barrier threshold (the "Barrier Level") in 
respect of any relevant barrier valuation date (i.e. a "Barrier Event" has occurred), the 
investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance. 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, then an investor will be entitled to an amount on 
redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of each Note. 
Booster with Barrier Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the FTSE®100 Index which 
specifies Booster with Barrier Redemption and has a term of 6 years.

--- Page 92 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 80 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 100. 
• 
The initial index level set out in the relevant Final Terms against which the performance of the 
Index will be measured is 6,400. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 6,200, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Participation is 200%. 
• 
The Cap is 60%. 
• 
The Barrier Event is specified to be Non-Inclusive. 
• 
Daily is specified as the Barrier Observation Method. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to each Barrier Valuation Date. 
• 
The Barrier Valuation Period specified in the Final Terms includes each scheduled trading day 
(which is not a disrupted day) with respect to FTSE®100 Index from and including the Strike 
Date (being 24 June 2022) to and including the Final Valuation Date (being 30 June 2023).  
• 
The Barrier Level is 95%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Level of the Index (6,200) determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 
divided by the initial index level (6,400), which is equal to 0.96875 and, when expressed as a 
percentage, is 96.88%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 96.88%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 96.88%, which is lower than the Return Threshold set at 
100%.

--- Page 93 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 81 - 
70-41030487 
 
(3) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to each Barrier Valuation Date? 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Observation Performance in relation to each 
Barrier Valuation Date. The Calculation Agent will do so by dividing the Specified Level 
determined in respect of such Barrier Valuation Date by the initial index level. 
(4) 
Has a Barrier Event occurred? 
As the Barrier Event is specified to be Non-Inclusive, a Barrier Event will occur if the Relevant 
Observation Performance determined with respect to any Barrier Valuation Date is less than the 
Barrier Level. 
On one of the Barrier Valuation Dates, the Specified Level is determined to be 6,016. 6,016 
divided by the initial index level (6,400) is equal to 0.94 and, when expressed as a percentage, 
is 94%. Therefore, the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to such Barrier Valuation 
Date is 94%. 
The Relevant Observation Performance with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date (94%) is 
below the Barrier Level (95%) and thus a Barrier Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance. 
(4) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the Relevant Final Performance 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
96.88% 
 
(Relevant Final Performance) 
 
GBP 
96.88 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a 
Note 
 
(b) 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption 
Overview of Airbag with Barrier Redemption 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a return upside 
subject to (i) the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return threshold and 
(ii) no Barrier Event having occurred. In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the 
specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied by the greater of (i) 100% plus a percentage amount 
which reflects the appreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as applicable) 
multiplied by a specified participation factor (which may be subject to a cap) and (ii) a minimum return 
percentage (the "Conditional Protection Percentage"). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the specified return threshold but a Barrier 
Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of 
the Notes multiplied by 100% plus a percentage amount which reflects the appreciation of the relevant 
Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as applicable) multiplied by a specified participation factor (which 
may be subject to a cap). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold: 
• 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to 
the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Conditional Protection Percentage.

--- Page 94 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 82 - 
70-41030487 
 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Conditional Protection Percentage; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Barrier Level; 
• 
whether a Barrier Event has occurred; 
• 
any participation factor; and 
• 
the maximum cap (if any). 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Airbag with Barrier Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final 
Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If (i) the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", and (ii) the Relevant Observation Performance 
is (X) greater than or equal to (if "Non-Inclusive" is specified with respect to the Barrier Event) or 
(Y) greater than (if "Inclusive" is specified with respect to the Barrier Event) a specified barrier 
threshold (the "Barrier Level") in respect of any relevant barrier valuation date (i.e. no "Barrier 
Event" has occurred), then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the higher of: 
(A) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the 
performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a 
percentage factor (the "Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap"; 
and 
(B) 
the Conditional Protection Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {Conditional Protection Percentage; 100%+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the Return Threshold but a Barrier 
Event has occurred, then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the performance 
of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a percentage factor (the 
"Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap". 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold but no Barrier Event has 
occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by the Conditional Protection Percentage.

--- Page 95 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 83 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold and a Barrier Event has 
occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance. 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to an equally weighted basket of 
indices comprised of the FTSE®100 Index and the S&P 500® Index and which specifies Airbag 
with Barrier Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
"Average Basket" is specified in the Final Terms with respect to the Basket of Underlyings. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 50. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 6,700 and 
the initial index level of the S&P 500® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 2,300.  
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date -  
• 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index is 6,900, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index is 2,400, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Conditional Protection Percentage is 110%. 
• 
The Participation is 200%. 
• 
The Cap is 60%. 
• 
The Barrier Valuation Date is specified to be the Final Valuation Date. 
• 
The Barrier Event is specified to be Non-Inclusive. 
• 
European is specified as the Barrier Observation Method. 
• 
"Average Basket - Lowest Date" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date. 
• 
The Observation Dates specified in the Final Terms with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date 
are 26 June 2023, 27 June 2023 and 28 June 2023. 
• 
The Barrier Level is 95%. 
(1)  
What is the Relevant Final Performance of each Index in the Basket? 
The Relevant Final Performance of the FTSE®100 Index is determined by dividing the 
Specified Level by the initial index level - 6,900 divided by 6,700 = 102.99%. 
The Relevant Final Performance of the S&P 500® Index is determined by dividing the Specified 
Level by the initial index level – 2,400 divided by 2,300 = 104.43%

--- Page 96 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 84 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance of the Basket? 
The Relevant Final Performance of the Basket is determined by determining the weighted 
average of the Relevant Final Performance of each Index – so [(50% × 102.99%) = 51.50%] + 
[(50% × 104.43%) = 52.22%] = 103.72%. 
(3) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 103.72%, which is greater than the Return Threshold set at 
100%.  
(4)  
What is the Relevant Observation Performance of the Basket with respect to the Barrier 
 
Valuation Date? 
As "Average Basket - Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Relevant Observation Performance 
in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date will be the lowest weighted average of Observation 
Date Performances observed across the Observation Dates.   
In order to determine this, the Calculation Agent will determine the Observation Date 
Performance with respect to each of the FTSE®100 Index and S&P 500® Index on each 
Observation Date during the Observation Period and further determine the weighted average of 
the Observation Date Performances on each date. 
Observation 
Date 
FTSE®100 Index Price 
S&P 500® Index 
Weighted 
average of 
Observation 
Date 
Performances 
26 June 2023 
Closing Level:  
 
6,800 
Closing Level:  
 
2,600 
[101.49% x 0.5] 
+ [113.04% x 
0.5] = 
 
107.265% 
Observation 
Date 
Performance: 
6,800/6,700 
= 101.49% 
Observation 
Date 
Performance: 
2,600/2,300 
= 113.04% 
27 June 2023 
Closing Level:  
 
6,600 
Closing Level:  
 
2,200 
[98.51% x 0.5] + 
[95.65% x 0.5] = 
 
97.08% 
Observation 
Date 
Performance: 
6,600/6,700 
= 98.51% 
Observation 
Date 
Performance: 
2,200/2,300 
= 95.65% 
28 June 2023 
Closing Level:  
 
6,900 
Closing Level:  
 
2,400 
[102.99% x 0.5] 
+ [104.35% x 
0.5] = 
 
103.67% 
Observation 
Date 
Performance: 
6,900/6,700 
= 102.99% 
Observation 
Date 
Performance: 
2,400/2,300 
= 104.35% 
 
The Relevant Observation Performance will be the lowest weighted average of Observation 
Date Performance observed across the Observation Dates, in this case 97.08% on 27 June 2023. 
(4) 
Has a Barrier Event occurred? 
As the Barrier Event is specified to be Non-Inclusive, a Barrier Event will occur if the Relevant 
Observation Performance with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date is less than the Barrier 
Level. The Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date 
(97.08%) is greater than the Barrier Level (95%) so no Barrier Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the following formula will apply for the purposes of determining the redemption 
amount:

--- Page 97 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 85 - 
70-41030487 
 
Max {Conditional Protection Percentage; 100%
+  Min[Cap;  Participation x Max [0;  Relevant Final Performance 
− 100% ]]}  
(5) 
Calculating the formula 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
Max {Conditional Protection Percentage; 100%
+  Min[Cap;  Participation x Max [0;  Relevant Final Performance − 100% ]]} 
On the basis of the assumptions provided above, the variables can be determined as follows: 
• 
The Relevant Final Performance minus 100% (103.72% less 100% is equal to 3.72%) 
is greater than 0, and so 3.72% is used in the third part of the formula. 
• 
The Participation (200%) multiplied by 3.72% equals 7.44%, which is less than the Cap 
(60%), and so 7.44% is used in the second part of the formula rather than the Cap. 
• 
Once these variables are inserted into the second and third parts of the formula, the 
calculation is 100% + 7.44%, which is equal to 107.44%. 
• 
The percentage produced by the second and third parts of the formula (107.44%) is less 
than the Conditional Protection Percentage (110%) specified in the first part of the 
formula, so the overall percentage produced by the formula is 110% 
(6) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
50 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
110% 
 
(the Conditional Protection Percentage) 
 
GBP 
55 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(c) 
Barrier Redemption 
Overview of Barrier Redemption 
Barrier Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment subject to (i) the Relevant Final 
Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return threshold and/or (ii) no Barrier Event having 
occurred. In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Notes. 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, 
the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the 
Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Barrier Level; and 
• 
whether a Barrier Event has occurred.

--- Page 98 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 86 - 
70-41030487 
 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Barrier Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final Redemption 
Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled to an amount on 
redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of each Note. 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold: 
• 
if the Relevant Observation Performance is (X) less than (if "Non-Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) or (Y) less than or equal to (if "Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) a specified barrier threshold (the "Barrier Level") in 
respect of any relevant barrier valuation date (i.e. a "Barrier Event" has occurred), the 
investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, then an investor will be entitled to an amount on 
redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of each Note. 
Barrier Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in EUR linked to the ordinary shares of Company A 
and the ordinary shares of Company B and which specifies Barrier Redemption and has a term 
of 6 years. 
• 
The initial security price of Company A set out in the relevant Final Terms is USD 5,400 and 
the initial security price of Company B set out in the relevant Final Terms is GBP 2,200. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is EUR 1,000. 
• 
"Worst Of Basket" is specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date -  
• 
The Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Final Valuation 
Date is USD 5,500, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single 
Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company B Security with respect to the Final Valuation Date 
is GBP 2,300, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" 
valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Barrier is specified to be Inclusive. 
• 
"Bermudan" is specified as the Barrier Observation Method. 
• 
"Average Price" is specified to apply with respect to each Barrier Valuation Date. 
• 
The Barrier Valuation Dates are specified to be 30 June 2023 (the "First Barrier Valuation 
Date") and the Final Valuation Date (the "Second Barrier Valuation Date"). The Averaging 
Period with respect to the First Barrier Valuation Date is specified as the period from and 
Including the Issue Date to and including the First Barrier Valuation Date. The Averaging Period

--- Page 99 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 87 - 
70-41030487 
 
with respect to the Second Barrier Valuation Date is specified as the period from but excluding 
the First Barrier Valuation Date to and including the Second Barrier Valuation Date. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the First Barrier 
Valuation Date is USD 5,000, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
"Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company B Security with respect to the First Barrier 
Valuation Date is GBP 2,100, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
"Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Second Barrier 
Valuation Date is USD 5,300, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
"Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company B Security with respect to the Second Barrier 
Valuation Date is GBP 2,000, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
"Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Barrier Level with respect to each Barrier Valuation Date is 100%. 
(1) 
What is the Specified Price of the Basket with respect to the Final Valuation Date? 
"Worst of Basket" is specified to apply. This means that the Specified Price of the Basket with 
respect to the Final Valuation Date will be the Specified Price of the worst performing Security 
in the Basket determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date. 
In order to determine the worst performing Security, the Specified Price of each Security is 
divided by the initial security price of such Security – 
Company A Security – USD 5,500 / USD 5,400 = 1.0185 (expressed as a percentage is 
101.85%) 
Company B Security – GBP 2,300 / GBP 2,200 = 1.0455 (expressed as a percentage is 104.55%) 
The price of the Company B Security has risen more in percentage terms than the price of the 
Company A Security, thus the Company A Security is the "Worst Performing" Security. 
Thus the Specified Price of the Basket with respect to the Final Valuation Date will be the 
Specified Price of the Company A Security – USD 5,500. 
(2) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Relevant Final Performance is determined by dividing the Specified Price of the Basket 
with respect to the Final Valuation Date by the initial value of the Basket (which in this case 
will be the initial value of the worst performing Security, Company A Security) – USD 5,500 / 
USD 5,400 = 101.85, which, when expressed as a percentage is 101.85%. 
Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 101.85% 
(3) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 101.85%, which is greater than the Return Threshold set at 
100%. 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note.

--- Page 100 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 88 - 
70-41030487 
 
(d) 
Digital with Barrier Redemption 
Overview of Digital with Barrier Redemption 
Digital with Barrier Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment subject to the 
Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return threshold. In that case, the 
investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied by 
100% plus a fixed return percentage (the "Digital Return Percentage"). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold: 
• 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to 
the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by a minimum return percentage (the "Conditional 
Protection Percentage"). 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Conditional Protection Percentage; 
• 
the Digital Return Percentage; 
• 
the Barrier Level; and 
• 
whether a Barrier Event has occurred. 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Digital with Barrier Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final 
Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled to an amount on 
redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of each Note multiplied by 100% plus the 
Digital Return Percentage. 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold: 
• 
if the Relevant Observation Performance is (X) less than (if "Non-Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) or (Y) less than or equal to (if "Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) a specified barrier threshold (the "Barrier Level") in 
respect of any relevant barrier valuation date (i.e. a "Barrier Event" has occurred), the 
investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption 
equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Conditional 
Protection Percentage.

--- Page 101 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 89 - 
70-41030487 
 
Digital with Barrier Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the ordinary shares of Company A 
and which specifies Digital with Barrier Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial security price of Company A set out in the relevant Final Terms is GBP 5,400. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 1,000. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Final Valuation Date is GBP 
5,500, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Conditional Protection Percentage is 100%. 
• 
The Digital Return Percentage is equal to 5%. 
• 
The Barrier Level is 90%. 
• 
The Barrier is specified to be Non-Inclusive. 
• 
European is specified as the Barrier Observation Method. 
• 
"Average Price" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date and the 
Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date is GBP 
5,300, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Average Price" valuation method. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Price of the Security (GBP 5,500) determined with respect to the Final Valuation 
Date is divided by the initial price (GBP 5,400), which is equal to 1.0185 and, when expressed 
as a percentage, is 101.85%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 101.85%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 101.85%, which is higher than the Return Threshold set at 
100%. 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note multiplied by 100% + the Digital Return Percentage (100% + 5% = 105%). 
(3) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
105% 
 
(100% + Digital Return Percentage) 
 
GBP 
1,050 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(e) 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption 
Overview of Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a 
return upside subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return

--- Page 102 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 90 - 
70-41030487 
 
threshold. In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Notes multiplied by the greater of (i) 100% plus a percentage amount which reflects the appreciation 
of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as applicable) multiplied by a specified participation 
factor (which may be subject to a cap) and (ii) 100% + a fixed return percentage (the "Digital Return 
Percentage"). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold: 
• 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to 
the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by a minimum return percentage (the "Conditional 
Protection Percentage"). 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold specified; 
• 
the Conditional Protection Percentage; 
• 
the Digital Return Percentage; 
• 
the Barrier Level specified; 
• 
whether a Barrier Event has occurred; 
• 
any participation factor specified; and 
• 
the maximum cap specified (if any). 
If "Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the higher of: 
(A) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the 
performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a 
percentage factor (the "Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap"; 
and 
(B) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) the Digital Return Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold: 
• 
if the Relevant Observation Performance is (X) less than (if "Non-Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) or (Y) less than or equal to (if "Inclusive" is specified 
with respect to the Barrier Event) a specified barrier threshold (the "Barrier Level") in 
respect of any relevant barrier valuation date (i.e. a "Barrier Event" has occurred), the

--- Page 103 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 91 - 
70-41030487 
 
investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
if no Barrier Event has occurred, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption 
equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Conditional 
Protection Percentage. 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the ordinary shares of Company A 
and which specifies Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial security price of Company A set out in the relevant Final Terms is EUR 200. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 1,000. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Final Valuation Date is EUR 
205, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Conditional Protection Percentage is 100%. 
• 
The Digital Return Percentage is equal to 5%. 
• 
The Participation is 100%. 
• 
The Cap is 50%. 
• 
"Average Price" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date and the 
Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Barrier Valuation Date is EUR 
190, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Barrier Level is 90%. 
• 
The Barrier is specified to be Non-Inclusive. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Price of the Security (EUR 205) determined with respect to the Final Valuation 
Date is divided by the initial price (EUR 200), which is equal to 1.025 and, when expressed as 
a percentage, is 102.5%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 102.5%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 102.5%, which is higher than the Return Threshold set at 
100%. 
Therefore, the following formula will apply for the purposes of determining the redemption 
amount: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]};

--- Page 104 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 92 - 
70-41030487 
 
(3) 
Calculating the formula 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
On the basis of the assumptions provided above, the variables can be determined as follows: 
• 
The Relevant Final Performance minus 100% (102.5% less 100% is equal to 2.5%) is 
greater than 0, and so 2.5% is used in the third part of the formula. 
• 
The Participation (100%) multiplied by 2.5% equals 2.5%, which is less than the Cap 
(50%), and so 2.5% is used in the second part of the formula rather than the Cap. 
• 
Once these variables are inserted into the second and third parts of the formula, the 
calculation is 100% + 2.5%, which is equal to 102.5%. 
• 
The percentage produced by the second and third parts of the formula (102.5%) is less 
than 100% plus the Digital Return Percentage (5%) (100% + 5% = 105%) specified in 
the first part of the formula, so the overall percentage produced by the formula is 105% 
(3) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
105% 
 
(100% + Digital Return Percentage) 
 
GBP 
1050 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(f) 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption 
Overview of Growth with Full Protection Redemption 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a 
return upside. The investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the 
Notes multiplied by the greater of (i) 100% plus a percentage amount which reflects the appreciation of the 
relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as applicable) multiplied by a specified participation factor 
(which may be subject to a cap) and (ii) a minimum return percentage (the "Protection Level Percentage"). 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Protection Level Percentage specified; 
• 
any participation factor specified; and 
• 
the maximum cap specified (if any).

--- Page 105 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 93 - 
70-41030487 
 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Growth with Full Protection Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
An investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the higher of: 
(A) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the 
performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a 
percentage factor (the "Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap"; 
and 
(B) 
a percentage amount equal to the Protection Level Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {Protection Level Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to a basket of indices comprised of 
the FTSE®100 Index and the S&P 500® Index and which specifies Growth with Full Protection 
Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
"Best Of Basket" is specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 50. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 6,800 and 
the initial index level of the S&P 500® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 2,300. 
• 
"Highest Level" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date -  
• 
The Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index is 7,400, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Highest Level" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index is 2,300, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Highest Level" valuation method. 
• 
The Protection Level Percentage is 106%. 
• 
The Participation is 100%. 
• 
The Cap is 60%. 
(1) 
What is the Specified Level of the Basket with respect to the Final Valuation Date? 
"Best of Basket" is specified to apply. This means that the Specified Level of the Basket with 
respect to the Final Valuation Date will be the Specified Level of the best performing Index in 
the Basket as determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date.

--- Page 106 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 94 - 
70-41030487 
 
In order to determine the best performing Index, the Specified Level of each Index with respect 
to the Final Valuation Date is divided by the initial index level of such Index – 
FTSE®100 Index – 7,400 / 6,800 = 1.0882 (expressed as a percentage is 108.82%) 
S&P 500® Index – 2,300 / 2,300 = 1.00 (expressed as a percentage is 100.00%) 
The level of the FTSE®100 Index has risen more percentage terms than the level of the S&P 
500® Index, thus the FTSE®100 Index is the "Best Performing" Index. 
Thus the Specified Level of the Basket with respect to the Final Valuation Date will be the 
Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index – 7,400. 
(2) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Relevant Final Performance is determined by dividing the Specified Level of the Basket 
with respect to the Final Valuation Date by the initial value of the Basket - 7,400 divided by 
6,800 = 1.0882, which, when expressed as a percentage, is 108.82%. 
Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 108.82%. 
(3) 
Calculating the formula 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
Max {Protection Level Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
On the basis of the assumptions provided above, the variables can be determined as follows: 
• 
The Relevant Final Performance minus 100% (108.82% less 100% is equal to 8.82%) 
is greater than 0, and so 8.82% is used in the third part of the formula. 
• 
The Participation (100%) multiplied by 8.82% equals 8.82%, which is less than the Cap 
(60%), and so 8.82% is used in the second part of the formula rather than the Cap. 
• 
Once these variables are inserted into the second and third parts of the formula, the 
calculation is 100% + 8.82%, which is equal to 108.82%. 
• 
The percentage produced by the second and third parts of the formula (108.82%) is 
greater than the Protection Level Percentage (106%) specified in the first part of the 
formula, so the overall percentage produced by the formula is 108.82% 
(6) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
50 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
108.82% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula representing the 
positive performance of the Underlying) 
 
GBP 
54.41 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note

--- Page 107 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 95 - 
70-41030487 
 
(g) 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
Overview of Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a 
return upside subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return 
threshold. In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Notes multiplied by an amount which reflects the appreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket 
of Underlyings (as applicable) multiplied by a specified participation factor (which may be subject to a 
cap). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold, the investor will be entitled to an 
amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the greater of (i) 
the Relevant Final Performance; and (ii) a fixed return percentage (the "Minimum Redemption 
Percentage"). 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold specified; 
• 
the Minimum Redemption Percentage; 
• 
any participation factor; and 
• 
the maximum cap (if any). 
If "Growth with Partial Protection Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the performance 
of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a percentage factor (the 
"Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap". 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold, the investor will be entitled to 
an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the 
greater of: 
(i) 
the Relevant Final Performance; and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Return Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance]

--- Page 108 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 96 - 
70-41030487 
 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the ordinary shares of Company A 
and which specifies Growth with Partial Protection Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial security price of Company A set out in the relevant Final Terms is GBP 120. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 100. 
• 
"Average Price" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the Specified 
Price of the Company A Security with respect to the Final Valuation Date is GBP 105, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Average Price" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 90%. 
• 
The Participation is 100%. 
• 
The Cap is 50%. 
• 
The Minimum Redemption Percentage is 80%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Price of the Security (GBP 105) determined with respect to the Final Valuation 
Date is divided by the initial price (GBP 120), which is equal to 0.875 and, when expressed as 
a percentage, is 87.5%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 87.5%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 87.5%, which is lower than the Return Threshold set at 90%. 
Therefore, the following formula will apply for the purposes of determining the redemption 
amount: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
(3) 
Calculating the formula 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MAX" which means the greater of. 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
The Relevant Final Performance is greater than the Minimum Redemption Percentage so the 
percentage produced by the formula is equal to the Relevant Final Performance (87.5%). 
(4) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
87.5% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula representing the 
negative performance of the Underlying) 
 
GBP 
87.5 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a 
Note

--- Page 109 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 97 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(h) 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption 
Overview of Digital with Partial Protection Redemption 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a 
return upside subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return 
threshold. In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Notes multiplied by 100% + a fixed return percentage (the "Digital Return Percentage"). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold, the investor will be entitled to an 
amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the greater of (i) 
the Relevant Final Performance; and (ii) a fixed return percentage (the "Minimum Redemption 
Percentage"). 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Digital Return Percentage; and 
• 
the Minimum Return Percentage. 
If "Digital with Partial Protection Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) the Digital Return Percentage 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold, the investor will be entitled to 
an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the 
greater of: 
(i) 
the Relevant Final Performance; and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Return Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in USD linked to the ordinary shares of Company X 
and which specifies Digital with Partial Protection Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial security price of Company X set out in the relevant Final Terms is USD 1,500. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is USD 100.

--- Page 110 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 98 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Price of the Company X Security with respect to the Final Valuation Date is USD 
1,575, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Digital Return Percentage is equal to 7.5%. 
• 
The Minimum Return Percentage is equal to 60% 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Price of the Security (USD 1,575) determined with respect to the Final Valuation 
Date is divided by the initial price (USD 1,500), which is equal to 1.05 and, when expressed as 
a percentage, is 105%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 105%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 105%, which is higher than the Return Threshold set at 
100%. 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note multiplied by 100% + the Digital Return Percentage (100% + 7.5% = 107.5%) 
(3) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
USD 
100 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
107.5% 
 
(100% + Digital Return Percentage) 
 
USD 
107.50 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(i) 
Buffer Redemption 
Overview of Buffer Redemption 
Buffer Redemption provides the investor with a return capped at 100%. The investor will be entitled to an 
amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes subject to the Relevant Final Performance 
being equal to or greater than the specified return threshold known as the "Strike Percentage". 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the Strike Percentage, the investor will be entitled on redemption 
to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by an amount which reflects 
the depreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as applicable) as against Strike 
Percentage. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; and 
• 
the Strike Percentage.

--- Page 111 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 99 - 
70-41030487 
 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Buffer Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final Redemption 
Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Strike Percentage", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to an 
amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note. 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike Percentage, the investor will be entitled to 
an amount on redemption equal to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to the Relevant Final Performance divided by the Strike 
Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
[Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
Buffer Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in EUR linked to the EURO STOXX 50® Index and 
which specifies Buffer Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is EUR 100. 
• 
The initial index level of the EURO STOXX 50® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 
3,500.  
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Level of the EURO STOXX 50® Index is 3,200, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Strike Percentage is 95%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Level of the Index (3,200) determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 
divided by the initial index level (3,500), which is equal to 0.9143 and, when expressed as a 
percentage, is 91.43%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 91.43%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than the Strike Percentage? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 91.43%, which is lower than the Strike Percentage set at 
95%. 
Therefore, the following formula will apply for the purposes of determining the redemption 
amount: 
[Relevant Final Performance / Strike Percentage] 
(2) 
Calculating the formula 
[Relevant Final Performance / Strike Percentage]

--- Page 112 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 100 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Relevant Final Performance (91.43%) divided by Strike Percentage (95%) is equal to 
96.24%. 
(6) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
EUR 
100 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
96.24% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula representing the 
negative performance of the Underlying) 
 
EUR 
96.24 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(j) 
Booster with Buffer Redemption 
Overview of Booster with Buffer Redemption 
Booster with Buffer Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a return upside 
subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return threshold. In that 
case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes 
multiplied by an amount which reflects the appreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of 
Underlyings (as applicable) multiplied by a specified participation factor (which may be subject to a cap). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold but greater than or equal to a 
specified percentage of the initial performance (the "Strike Percentage"), the investor will be entitled to 
an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes. 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold and the Strike Percentage, the 
investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied by 
an amount which reflects the depreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings as against 
the Strike Percentage. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Strike Percentage; 
• 
any participation factor; and 
• 
the maximum cap (if any). 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Booster with Buffer Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final 
Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the performance 
of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a percentage factor (the 
"Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap"; and 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula:

--- Page 113 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 101 - 
70-41030487 
 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold, but equal to or greater than a 
specified percentage of the initial performance (the "Strike Percentage") then an investor will be 
entitled on redemption to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note. 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike Percentage and less than the Return 
Threshold, the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to the Relevant Final Performance divided by the Strike 
Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
[Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
Booster with Buffer Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in EUR linked to a weighted basket of indices 
comprised of the EURO STOXX 50® Index and the S&P 500® Index and which specifies 
Booster with Buffer Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is EUR 100. 
• 
The initial index level of the EURO STOXX 50® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 
3,500 and the initial index level of the S&P 500® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 
2,200. 
• 
The weightings of each Index specified in the relevant Final Terms is as follows: 
Weighting 
Index 
80% 
EURO STOXX 50® Index 
20% 
S&P 500® Index 
•
 
• 
"Average Basket" is specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date -  
• 
The Specified Level of the EURO STOXX 50® Index is 3,400, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index is 2,150, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Strike Percentage is 95%. 
• 
The Participation is 100%. 
• 
The Cap is 60%.

--- Page 114 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 102 - 
70-41030487 
 
(1)  
What is the Relevant Final Performance of each Index in the Basket? 
The Relevant Final Performance of the EURO STOXX 50® Index is determined by dividing 
the Specified Level by the initial index level – 3,400 divided by 3,500 = 97.14% 
The Relevant Final Performance of the S&P 500® Index is determined by dividing the Specified 
Level by the initial index level – 2,150 divided by 2,200 = 97.73% 
(2) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance of the Basket? 
The Relevant Final Performance is determined by determining the weighted average of the 
Relevant Final Performance of each Index – so [(80% × 97.14%) = 77.71%]+ [(20% × 97.73%) 
= 19.55%] = 97.26% 
(3) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 97.26%, which is less than the Return Threshold set at 100%.  
(4) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage? 
 
The Relevant Final Performance is 97.26%, which is greater than the Strike Percentage. 
Therefore, the redemption amount of the Note will be equal to the specified calculation amount.  
 
(k) 
Digital with Buffer Redemption 
Overview of Digital with Buffer Redemption 
Digital with Buffer Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a fixed return 
upside subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return threshold. 
In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes 
multiplied by 100% + a fixed return percentage (the "Digital Return Percentage"). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold but greater than or equal to a 
specified percentage of the initial performance (the "Strike Percentage"), the investor will be entitled to 
an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes. 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold and the Strike Percentage, the 
investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied an 
amount which reflects the depreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings as against the 
Strike Percentage. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold 
• 
the Digital Return Percentage; and 
• 
the Strike Percentage. 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
If "Digital with Buffer Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Final 
Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by

--- Page 115 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 103 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to 100% + the Digital Return Percentage 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold, but equal to or greater than a 
specified percentage of the initial performance (the "Strike Percentage") then an investor will be 
entitled on redemption to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note. 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike Percentage and less than the Return Threshold, 
the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to the Relevant Final Performance divided by the Strike 
Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
[Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
Digital with Buffer Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in USD linked to the ordinary shares of Company X 
and which specifies Digital with Buffer Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial security price of Company X set out in the relevant Final Terms is USD 1,500. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is USD 100. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Price of the Company X Security with respect to the Final Valuation Date is USD 
1,575, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Strike Percentage is 80%. 
• 
The Digital Return Percentage is equal to 7.5%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Price of the Security (USD 1,575) determined with respect to the Final Valuation 
Date is divided by the initial price (USD 1,500), which is equal to 1.05 and, when expressed as 
a percentage, is 105%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 105%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 105%, which is higher than the Return Threshold set at 
100%. 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note multiplied by 100% + the Digital Return Percentage (100% + 7.5% = 107.5%) 
(3) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
USD 
100 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note)

--- Page 116 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 104 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
 
107.5% 
 
(100% + Digital Return Percentage) 
 
USD 
107.50 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(l) 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption 
Overview of Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption provides the investor with protection on its investment plus a return 
upside subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a specified return threshold. 
In that case, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes 
multiplied by the greater of (i) 100% plus a percentage amount which reflects the appreciation of the 
relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as applicable) multiplied by a specified participation factor 
(which may be subject to a cap) and (ii) 100% + a fixed return percentage (the "Digital Return 
Percentage"). 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold but greater than or equal to a 
specified percentage of the initial performance (the "Strike Percentage"), the investor will be entitled to 
an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes. 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold and the Strike Percentage, the 
investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied an 
amount which reflects the depreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings as against the 
Strike Percentage. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold; 
• 
the Digital Return Percentage; 
• 
the Strike Percentage; 
• 
any participation factor; and 
• 
the maximum cap (if any). 
If "Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the higher of: 
(A) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) a percentage representing the 
performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a 
percentage factor (the "Participation") and subject to a maximum of a "Cap"; 
and 
(B) 
a percentage amount equal to (X) 100% + (Y) the Digital Return Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]};

--- Page 117 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 105 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold, but equal to or greater than a 
specified percentage of the initial performance (the "Strike Percentage") then an investor will be 
entitled on redemption to an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note. 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike Percentage and less than the Return Threshold, 
the investor will be entitled to an amount on redemption equal to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by 
(ii) 
a percentage amount equal to the Relevant Final Performance divided by the Strike 
Percentage. 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by the result 
of the following formula: 
[Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the S&P 500® Index and which 
specifies Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial index level of the S&P 500® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 5,400. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 1,000. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Level of the S&P 500® Index with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 5,500, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Digital Return Percentage is equal to 5% 
• 
The Participation is 100%. 
• 
The Cap is 50%. 
• 
The Strike Percentage is 85%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Level of the Index (5,500) determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 
divided by the initial index level (5,400), which is equal to 1.0185 and, when expressed as a 
percentage, is 101.85%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 101.85%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 101.85%, which is higher than the Return Threshold set at 
100%. 
Therefore, the following formula will apply for the purposes of determining the redemption 
amount: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}

--- Page 118 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 106 - 
70-41030487 
 
(3) 
Calculating the formula 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
On the basis of the assumptions provided above, the variables can be determined as follows: 
• 
The Relevant Final Performance minus 100% (101.85% less 100% is equal to 1.85%) 
is greater than 0, and so 1.85% is used in the third part of the formula. 
• 
The Participation (100%) multiplied by 1.85% equals 1.85%, which is less than the Cap 
(50%), and so 1.85% is used in the second part of the formula rather than the Cap. 
• 
Once these variables are inserted into the second and third parts of the formula, the 
calculation is 100% + 1.85%, which is equal to 101.85%. 
• 
The percentage produced by the second and third parts of the formula (101.85%) is less 
than 100% plus the Digital Return Percentage (5%) (100% +5% = 105%) specified in 
the first part of the formula, so the overall percentage produced by the formula is 105% 
(4) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
105% 
 
(100% + Digital Return Percentage) 
 
GBP 
1,050 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(m) 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
Overview of Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption provides the investor with partial protection on its 
investment plus a return upside subject to the Relevant Final Performance being equal to or greater than a 
specified return threshold. In that case, the investor will be entitled to the sum of (i) an amount equal to the 
specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied by a fixed percentage (the "Minimum Redemption 
Percentage") and (ii) an amount equal to the specified calculation amount of the Notes multiplied by a 
percentage amount which reflects the appreciation of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings (as 
applicable) multiplied by a specified participation factor, subject to a maximum cap. 
If the Relevant Final Performance is below the specified return threshold, the investor will be entitled to an 
amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Minimum 
Redemption Percentage. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the Relevant Final Performance; 
• 
the Return Threshold specified; 
• 
the Minimum Redemption Percentage; 
• 
any participation factor; and 
• 
the maximum cap (if any).

--- Page 119 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 107 - 
70-41030487 
 
If "Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the "Return Threshold", then an investor will be entitled on redemption to: 
(i) 
the calculation amount of the Note; multiplied by the lower of: 
(A) 
100% + a fixed percentage (the "Cap") 
(B) 
the sum of: 
(1) 
a fixed percentage (the "Minimum Redemption Percentage"); and 
(2) 
a percentage amount equal to the performance of the relevant Underlying 
or Basket of Underlyings multiplied by a percentage factor (the 
"Participation"). 
This amount is calculated by multiplying the specified calculation amount of the Note by 
the result of the following formula: 
 Min[100% + Cap; Minimum Redemption Percentage + [Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return Threshold, the investor will be entitled to 
an amount on redemption equal to the specified calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the 
Minimum Redemption Percentage. 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the FTSE®100 Index and which 
specifies Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 5,000. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 1,000. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to the Final Valuation Date and the 
Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 4,800, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Return Threshold is 100%. 
• 
The Participation is 100%. 
• 
The Cap is 10%. 
• 
The Minimum Redemption Percentage is 90%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Specified Level of the Index (4,800) determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date is 
divided by the initial index level (5,000), which is equal to 0.96 and, when expressed as a 
percentage, is 96%. Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 96%. 
(2) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance greater than or equal to the Return Threshold? 
The Relevant Final Performance is 96%, which is lower than the Return Threshold set at 100%.

--- Page 120 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 108 - 
70-41030487 
 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note multiplied the Minimum Redemption Percentage (90%)  
(3) 
Multiplying the result of the formula by the specified calculation amount of the Note 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000 
x (The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
90% 
 
(Minimum Redemption Percentage) 
 
GBP 
900 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per calculation amount of a Note 
 
(4) 
Lock-In Redemption Event 
The calculation of a Lock-In Redemption Amount in respect of a Note is only required if "Lock-In 
Redemption Event" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the occurrence of a 
Lock-In Redemption Event. 
If "Lock-In Redemption Event" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following will 
apply. 
• 
If, with respect to any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the Relevant Observation Performance 
determined with respect to such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as the "Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level", a 
"Lock-In Redemption Event" will occur. In these circumstances, at the Maturity Date the Final 
Redemption Amount payable to investors will be equal to a fixed percentage return regardless of 
the performance of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings to which the Notes are linked or the 
other specified redemption provisions. 
• 
If no Lock-In Redemption Event occurs during the life of the Note, the Note will be redeemed at 
its Final Redemption Amount (as calculated in accordance with the redemption provisions 
specified in relation to the Note) on the Maturity Date.  
Booster with Barrier Redemption with Lock-In Redemption Event worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases the Note described in the worked example in sub-section (3)(a) but Lock-
In Redemption Event is specified as applicable. 
• 
"Highest Level" is specified to apply with respect to the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date 
and the Specified Level of the FTSE®100 Index with respect to the Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date is 7,200, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Highest Level" 
valuation method. 
• 
The Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level is 110%. 
• 
The Lock-In Redemption Percentage is 103%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the Lock-In Redemption 
 
Valuation Date? 
The Specified Level of the Index determined with respect to the Lock-In Redemption Valuation 
Date (7,200) is divided by the initial index level (6,400), which is equal to 1.125 and, when 
expressed as a percentage, is 112.5%. Therefore, the Relevant Observation Performance with 
respect to the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date is 112.5%.

--- Page 121 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 109 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
Has a Lock-In Redemption Event occurred? 
A Lock-In Redemption Event will occur if the Relevant Observation Performance determined 
with respect to the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the Lock-In 
Redemption Trigger Level. 
The Relevant Observation Performance determined with respect to the Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (112.5%) is greater than the Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level (110%), so a 
Lock-In Redemption Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the redemption amount will be an amount equal to the specified calculation amount 
of the Note multiplied the Lock-In Redemption Percentage (103%) (in place of any redemption 
amount calculated pursuant to the Booster with Barrier Redemption provisions specified to 
apply with respect to the Note).  
 
(5) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
The calculation of an Automatic Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Note is only required if "Early 
Redemption for Autocallable Notes" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the 
occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event. 
If "Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
following will apply. 
• 
If, on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Relevant Observation Performance 
determined with respect to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater 
than a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage", an "Automatic Early Redemption Event" will occur and the Note will be redeemed 
in whole for an amount equal to the principal amount of the Note multiplied by a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the "Automatic Early Redemption Rate". 
• 
If on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date no Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Note will not be redeemed at that time but will continue until the next Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (if any). If no Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs with respect 
to any of the specified Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the Note will be redeemed 
at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date.  
Automatic Early Redemption Amount worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases an autocallable Note denominated in GBP linked to a basket of securities 
comprised of the ordinary shares of Company A and the ordinary shares of Company B and 
which specifies Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and has a term of 6 years. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 1,000. 
• 
"Worst Of Basket" is specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
The initial security price of the ordinary shares of Company A set out in the relevant Final Terms 
is GBP 3,404.00 and the initial security price of the ordinary shares of Company B set out in the 
relevant Final Terms is GBP 4,226.50.

--- Page 122 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 110 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date -  
• 
The Specified Price of the Company A Security with respect to the first Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date is GBP 3,604, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Specified Price of the Company B Security with respect to first Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is GBP 4,326.50, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
using the "Single Observation" valuation method. 
• 
The Automatic Early Redemption Percentage set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
the first Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is 110%. 
• 
The Automatic Early Redemption Rate set out in the Final Terms in respect of the first 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is 108%. 
(1) 
What is the Specified Price of the Basket with respect to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date? 
"Worst of Basket" is specified to apply. This means that the Specified Price of the Basket with 
respect to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date will be the Specified Price of the 
worst performing Security in the Basket as determined with respect to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
In order to determine the worst performing Security, the Specified Price of each Security with 
respect to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is divided by the initial security 
price of such Security – 
Company A Security – GBP 3,604 / GBP 3,404 = GBP 1.0588 (expressed as a percentage is 
105.88%) 
Company B Security – GPB 4,326.50 / GPB 4,226.50 = GBP 1.0237 (expressed as a percentage 
is 102.37%) 
102.37% is lower than 105.88% and thus Company B Security is the worst performing security 
for the purposes of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. Thus the Specified Price 
of the Basket with respect to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date will be the 
Specified Price of Company B Security – GPB 4,326.50.  
(2) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date? 
The Relevant Observation Performance is determined by dividing the Specified Price of the 
Basket with respect to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date by the initial value of 
the Basket (which in this case will be the initial value of the worst performing Security, 
Company B Security) – GBP 4,326.50 / GBP 4,226.50 = GBP 1.0237, which, when expressed 
as a percentage, 102.37% 
Therefore, the Relevant Final Performance is 102.37%. 
(3) 
Is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date greater than or equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage? 
The Relevant Observation Performance is 102.37%, which is less than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage set at 110%. 
Therefore, the Note will not be redeemed and will continue until the following Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in respect of which the performance of the Securities will be 
determined in a similar manner.

--- Page 123 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 111 - 
70-41030487 
 
(6) 
Interest Amounts, Coupon Trigger Event and Lock-In Coupon Event 
(a) 
Interest Payments on Fixed Rate Notes 
If "Fixed Rate Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will bear 
interest at a fixed percentage rate. This is referred to in the Final Terms as the "Rate of Interest" and will 
either be expressed as a percentage rate per annum or a percentage rate for another fixed period. 
The interest on such Notes will be paid on the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
"Interest Payment Dates". The amount of interest or "Interest Amount" payable on each such Interest 
Payment Date will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the specified calculation amount of the 
Notes (the "Calculation Amount") for the period from the last Interest Payment Date until the Interest 
Payment Date in question (or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, from the date which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being the "Interest Commencement Date" until such first Interest Payment 
Date), and each such period is referred to as an "Interest Period". Such amounts may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the "Fixed Coupon Amounts". 
If Fixed Coupon Amounts for the Interest Payment Dates are not so specified, or if interest needs to be 
calculated for a period other than an Interest Period (such as where there is an unscheduled redemption of 
the Notes), interest will be calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount by applying the Rate of Interest 
to such Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by a fraction known as a "Day Count Fraction". 
The Day Count Fraction reflects the number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated. 
Fixed Rate Note worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that an investor purchases a Fixed Rate Note where the 
Final Terms specify the following: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 15 June 2023. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Notes are issued in the denominations of EUR 1,000 and EUR 5,000. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 15 January and 15 June in each year. 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as being EUR 8.75 per Calculation Amount. 
• 
The term of the Notes is five years (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 15 June 
2028). 
(1) 
What is the Interest Amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
The Fixed Coupon Amount of EUR 8.75 per Calculation Amount will be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, where the denomination of a Note equals the Calculation Amount (i.e. where the 
denomination of the Notes is EUR 1,000), interest of EUR 8.75 will be payable in respect of 
such Note. 
If the Note is a denomination larger than the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of the Note will be calculated by dividing the denomination of the Note by the 
Calculation Amount and multiplying the' result be the Fixed Coupon Amount, as follows: 
(i) 
EUR 5,000 (Denomination of Note)
EUR 1,000 (Calculation Amount)  
 = 5

--- Page 124 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 112 - 
70-41030487 
 
then: 
(ii) 
5×EUR 8.75 (Fixed Coupon Amount) 
 = EUR 43.75 
Accordingly, where the denomination of a Note is EUR 5,000, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note on each Interest Payment Date will be EUR 43.75. As the Interest Amount 
is paid twice per annum and the Notes have a term of 5 years, during the term of the Notes a 
total amount of interest will be payable of EUR 87.50 (in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of EUR 1,000) or EUR 437.50 (in respect of Notes with a denomination of EUR 5,000). 
 
(b) 
Interest Payments on Floating Rate Notes 
If "Floating Rate Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will 
bear interest at a Rate of Interest which is a variable percentage rate per annum or such other period as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes for a given Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by reference either to: 
(i) 
where 'Screen Rate Determination' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, quotations 
provided electronically by banks in the "Relevant Financial Centre" specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
where 'ISDA Determination' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a notional 
interest rate on a swap transaction in the Settlement Currency and, 
in either case, where specified in the relevant Final Terms, the addition of an additional percentage rate per 
annum (known as the "Margin"). 
Where "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in order to calculate the Interest Amount payable per Note, the Calculation Agent will 
apply the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount and multiply the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement 
Currency. Where "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a global Note or global Notes or Notes which 
are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, in order to calculate the Interest Amount payable per 
Note, the Calculation Agent will apply the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Aggregate 
Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes represented by such global Note(s) or, as the case may be, such 
Uncertificated Registered Notes and multiply the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency. 
Where "Minimum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will be 
restricted from falling below a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called 'floor'). Where a 
"Maximum Interest Rate"' is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will not exceed a 
fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called 'cap'). 
Floating Rate Notes worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that an investor purchases a Floating Rate Note where 
the Final Terms specify the following: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 18 August 2022. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000.

--- Page 125 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 113 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
The Maximum Rate of Interest is 5%. 
• 
The Minimum Rate of Interest is 1.13%. 
• 
Margin is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is Applicable, and the following information is specified:  
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is two Euro Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01;  
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET2;  
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m.; and  
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 18 August 2022. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 18 August in each year. 
• 
The term of the Notes is five years (and thus the Notes specify a Maturity Date of 18 August 
2027). 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment Date? 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Interest Period 
ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 18 August 2023). 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Notes, the Calculation Agent does this by 
determining what rate is specified as 3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the 
Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) 
as of 11 a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 18 August 2022 (being two Euro Business Days prior to 
the first day of the first Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
It is assumed that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 2% per annum. 
As Margin is specified as being Not Applicable to the Notes, the Rate of Interest for this Interest 
Period will therefore be 2% per annum. (Conversely, if Margin was applicable, then the Rate of 
Interest would be the sum of 2% and the percentage rate specified as the Margin.) 
Secondly, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Interest 
Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed), this will be equal to 
the result of dividing the actual number of days in the Interest Period by 365, as follows. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in a leap year the Day Count Fraction will be determined 
by referring to 366 as the number of days in the Interest Period and divided by 365. 
365 (Number of days in the Interest Period)
365 (Day Count Fraction)
 
 = 1

--- Page 126 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 114 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount: 
2% × EUR 1,000 
 = EUR 20.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
EUR 20.00 × 1 = EUR 20.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note for this Interest Period will be 
EUR 20.00. 
(2) 
What if the rate determined by the Calculation Agent is less than the Minimum Interest Rate 
or more than the Maximum Interest Rate? 
If the rate determined by the Calculation Agent after adding any applicable Margin is less than 
1.13% or more than 5%, then the Rate of Interest will be the Minimum Interest Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Maximum Interest Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Accordingly, if, for example, the Rate of Interest so calculated would have been 0.5%, then; as 
the Minimum Interest Rate is specified as 1.13%, then the Rate of Interest will actually be 
1.13%. As applied to the above example, if 2% were replaced by 1.13%, the Interest Amount 
payable would be EUR 11.30 per Note. 
 
(c) 
Coupon Trigger Event 
The calculation of a Coupon Trigger Amount in respect of a Note is only required if Coupon Trigger Event 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If "Coupon Trigger Event" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then a Coupon Trigger 
Amount will be calculated as follows. 
• 
If in respect of any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the Relevant Observation Performance 
determined with respect to the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as the "Coupon Trigger Level", then an investor 
will be entitled to an amount (a "Coupon Trigger Amount") equal to: 
• 
If "Digital Coupon" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the specified calculation 
amount of the Note multiplied by a fixed percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the "Coupon Trigger Rate"; 
• 
If "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the Fixed Rate Note provisions; and 
• 
If "Relevant Rate – Floating" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note provisions. 
• 
If on a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date the Relevant Observation Performance determined with 
respect to such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is less than the Coupon Trigger Level specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, a Coupon Trigger Event will not have occurred and therefore no Coupon 
Trigger Amount will become payable in respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date.

--- Page 127 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 115 - 
70-41030487 
 
Coupon Trigger Amount worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Note denominated in GBP linked to the ordinary shares of Company C 
which specifies Coupon Trigger Event as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
The calculation amount of the Note is GBP 100. 
• 
The initial security price set out in the relevant Final Terms is GBP 306.15. 
• 
Lock-In Coupon Event is not applicable. 
• 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event is not applicable. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to each Coupon Trigger Valuation Date 
and the Specified Price of the Company C Security with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date is GBP 325, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single 
Observation" valuation method.  
• 
The Coupon Trigger Level set out in the relevant Final Terms is 103%. 
• 
Digital Coupon is applicable and the Coupon Trigger Rate in respect of the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date is 5%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
To determine the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date, the Specified Price of the Security determined with respect to the first Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date (GBP 325) is divided by the initial security price (GBP 306.15), which 
is equal to 1.0616 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 106.16%. Therefore, the Relevant 
Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is 106.16%. 
(2) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Event occurred? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (106.16%) is greater than the Coupon 
Trigger Level (103.00%), so a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the investor will be entitled to a Coupon Trigger Amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate with respect to the first 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Calculating the Coupon Trigger Amount 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
5% 
 
(The relevant Coupon Trigger Rate) 
 
GBP 
5 
 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note 
 
(d) 
Coupon Trigger Event - Lock-In Coupon Event 
Where "Coupon Trigger Event" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, "Lock-In Coupon 
Event" may further be specified to be applicable.

--- Page 128 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 116 - 
70-41030487 
 
If a Lock-In Coupon Event occurs in relation to any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, then the Issuer shall, 
regardless of whether a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in relation to subsequent Lock-In Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Dates, pay in respect of each Note an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation 
Amount equivalent to the Coupon Trigger Amount on each relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date falling 
on or after the relevant Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date. 
Coupon Trigger Event – Lock In Coupon worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases the note described in the worked example in sub-paragraph (c) (Coupon 
Trigger Event) above, but Lock-In Coupon Event is specified as applicable. 
• 
The Coupon Trigger Valuation Dates are specified as being 23 June 2023, 21 June 2024 and 20 
June 2025. 
• 
Each Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is also specified to be a Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to each Coupon Trigger Valuation Date 
and Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date and the Specified Price of the Company C Security has 
been determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method 
with respect to each Coupon Trigger Valuation Date and Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date as 
follows: 
 
Date 
Specified Price 
 
 
23 June 2023 
GBP 325 
 
 
21 June 2024 
GBP 350 
 
 
20 June 2025 
GBP 312 
 
 
• 
The Coupon Trigger Level set out in the relevant Final Terms is 103%. 
• 
The Lock-In Coupon Level set out in the relevant Final Terms is 107%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date? 
To determine the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date/ Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the Specified Price of the Security determined 
with respect to the first Coupon Trigger Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date (GBP 
325) is divided by the initial security price (GBP 306.15), which is equal to 1.0615 and, when 
expressed as a percentage, is 106.16%. Therefore, the Relevant Observation Performance with 
respect to the first Coupon Trigger Valuation Date/ Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date is 106.16%. 
(2) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Event/Lock-In Coupon Event occurred with respect to the first 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (106.16%) is greater than the Coupon 
Trigger Level (103.00%), so a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
The Relevant Observation Performance (106.16%) is less than the Lock-In Coupon Level 
(107.00%), so no Lock-In Coupon Event has occurred.

--- Page 129 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 117 - 
70-41030487 
 
Therefore, the investor will be entitled to a Coupon Trigger Amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate with respect to this 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Calculating the Coupon Trigger Amount 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
5% 
 
(The relevant Coupon Trigger Rate) 
 
GBP 
5 
 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note 
(4) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the second Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date? 
To determine the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the second Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the Specified Price of the Security determined 
with respect to the second Coupon Trigger Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
(GBP 350) is divided by the initial security price (GBP 306.15), which is equal to 1.1432 and, 
when expressed as a percentage, is 114.32%. Therefore, the Relevant Observation Performance 
with respect to the second Coupon Trigger Valuation Date/ Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date is 
114.32%. 
(5) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Event/Lock-In Coupon Event occurred with respect to the second 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date/Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (114.32%) is greater than the Coupon 
Trigger Level (103.00%), so a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
The Relevant Observation Performance (114.32%) is greater than the Lock-In Coupon Level 
(107.00%), so a Lock-In Coupon Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the investor will be entitled to a Coupon Trigger Amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate with respect to the second 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date and all subsequent Coupon Trigger Valuation Dates (regardless 
of whether a Coupon Trigger Event occurs with respect to each such Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Dates).  
 
(e) 
Coupon Trigger Event - Coupon Trigger Recovery Event 
Where "Coupon Trigger Event" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, "Coupon Trigger 
Recovery Event" may further be specified to be applicable. 
If Coupon Trigger Recovery Event is specified as applicable, and if a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event 
occurs with respect to the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, in addition to paying the Coupon Trigger 
Amount, the Issuer shall pay an amount equivalent to the sum of each Coupon Trigger Amount which did 
not become payable because no Coupon Trigger Event occurred in respect of each Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date falling after the most recently occurring Coupon Trigger Event (if any) (the "Outstanding 
Missed Coupon Amounts"). 
Coupon Trigger Event – Coupon Trigger Recovery Event – worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases the note described in the worked example in sub-paragraph (c) (Coupon 
Trigger Event) above but Coupon Trigger Recovery Event is specified as applicable.

--- Page 130 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 118 - 
70-41030487 
 
• 
The Coupon Trigger Valuation Dates are specified as being 23 June 2023, 21 June 2024 and 20 
June 2025. 
• 
The Coupon Trigger Level set out in the relevant Final Terms is 103%. 
• 
The Coupon Trigger Recovery Level set out in the relevant Final Terms is 107%. 
• 
"Single Observation" is specified to apply with respect to each Coupon Trigger Valuation Date 
and the Specified Price of the Company C Security has been determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the "Single Observation" valuation method with respect to each Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date as follows: 
Date 
Specified Price 
23 June 2023 
GBP 325 
21 June 2024 
GBP 312 
20 June 2025 
GBP 330 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
To determine the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date, the Specified Price of the Security determined with respect to the first Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date (GBP 325) is divided by the initial security price (GBP 306.15), which 
is equal to 1.0615 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 106.15%. Therefore, the Relevant 
Observation Performance with respect to the first Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is 106.15%. 
(2) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Event occurred with respect to the first Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (106.15%) is greater than the Coupon 
Trigger Level (103.00%), so a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the investor will be entitled to a Coupon Trigger Amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate with respect to this 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Calculating the Coupon Trigger Amount 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
5% 
 
(The relevant Coupon Trigger Rate) 
 
GBP 
5 
 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note

--- Page 131 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 119 - 
70-41030487 
 
(4) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event occurred with respect to the first Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (106.15%) is less than the Coupon Trigger 
Recovery Level (107.00%), so no Coupon Trigger Recovery Event has occurred. 
(5) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the second Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
To determine the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the second Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date, the Specified Price of the Security determined with respect to the second 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date (GBP 312) is divided by the initial security price (GBP 306.15), 
which is equal to 1.0191 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 101.91%. Therefore, the 
Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the second Coupon Trigger Valuation Date 
is 101.91%. 
(6) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Event occurred with respect to the second Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (101.91%) is less than the Coupon Trigger 
Level (103.00%), so no Coupon Trigger Event with respect to the second Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date. 
Therefore, the investor will not be entitled to a Coupon Trigger Amount with respect to the 
second Coupon Trigger Valuation Date. 
(7) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event occurred with respect to the second Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (101.91%) is less than the Coupon Trigger 
Recovery Level (107.00%), so no Coupon Trigger Recovery Event has occurred. 
(8) 
What is the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the third Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
To determine the Relevant Observation Performance with respect to the third Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date, the Specified Price of the Security determined with respect to the third Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date (GBP 330) is divided by the initial security price (GBP 306.15), which 
is equal to 1.0779 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 107.79%. Therefore, the Relevant 
Observation Performance with respect to the third Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is 107.79%. 
(9) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Event occurred with respect to the third Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (107.79%) is greater than the Coupon 
Trigger Level (103.00%), so a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the investor will be entitled to a Coupon Trigger Amount equal to the specified 
calculation amount of the Note multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate with respect to this 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date. 
(10) 
Calculating the Coupon Trigger Amount 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
5% 
 
(The relevant Coupon Trigger Rate) 
 
GBP 
5 
 
The Coupon Trigger Amount per Note

--- Page 132 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.1 – Description of the Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 120 - 
70-41030487 
 
(11) 
Has a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event occurred with respect to the third Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date? 
In this case, the Relevant Observation Performance (107.79%) is greater than the Coupon 
Trigger Recovery Level (107.00%), so a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event has occurred. 
Therefore, the investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the Coupon Trigger Amount that 
would have been payable in respect of the second Coupon Trigger Valuation Date if a Coupon 
Trigger Event had occurred with respect to the second Coupon Trigger Valuation Date (the 
"Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount") 
(12) 
Calculating the Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount 
 
The Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount per Note will be: 
 
GBP 
100 
x 
(The specified calculation amount of the Note) 
 
 
5% 
 
(The relevant Coupon Trigger Rate) 
 
GBP 
5 
 
The Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount per Note 
(13) 
Total Amount Payable with Respect to the third Coupon Trigger Valuation Date? 
 
The total payable to the investor will be the sum of the Coupon Trigger Amount (GBP 5) + the 
Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount (GBP 5) = GBP 10.

--- Page 133 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.2 – Form of English Law Notes and Summary of Provisions relating to the English Law Notes 
while in Global Form 
10231698288-v34 
- 121 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.2 – FORM OF ENGLISH LAW NOTES AND SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
This section provides information regarding English Law Notes issued in global form and issued into 
certain clearing systems. 
English Law Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Tranches 
or Series comprising either Bearer Notes, Registered Notes or Uncertificated Registered Notes as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The summary that follows is only in relation to Bearer Notes and Registered 
Notes. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will be issued in classic global note form. 
Bearer Notes treated as issued in bearer form for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be issued in 
accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D", which definition shall include any successor rules in substantially the 
same form as TEFRA D for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended), unless the relevant Final Terms provides that such Notes will be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) ("TEFRA C", 
which definition shall include any successor rules in substantially the same form as TEFRA C for the 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). Bearer Notes issued in 
accordance with TEFRA D will be represented upon issue by a temporary global note in bearer form without 
interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Note"). Bearer Notes issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be 
represented upon issue by a permanent global note in bearer form without interest coupons (a "Permanent 
Global Note") or by a Temporary Global Note. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ("Common Depositary"). Beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Note 
issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be exchangeable at any time and without any requirement for 
certification for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Bearer Notes"), in accordance with the terms 
of such Temporary Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interests in a Temporary 
Global Note issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be exchangeable either for Definitive Bearer Notes 
or for interests in a Permanent Global Note, on or after the date which is 40 days after the date on which 
such Temporary Global Note is issued and upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof 
or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary 
Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of complying with TEFRA D, Bearer Notes may not be offered or sold to a United States 
person. "United States person" means any person who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen 
or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised under the 
laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or therein or (iii) an estate or trust the income 
of which is subject to United States taxation regardless of its source. 
The forms of Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Note (each, a "Global Note") will contain 
provisions applicable to the Notes represented thereby, some of which may modify the effect of the 
Conditions of the Notes. Certain of these are summarised in this section. 
All payments, if any, in respect of Bearer Notes when represented by a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note will be made against presentation and surrender or, as the case may be, presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents. On each occasion on which a payment is so made, the Issuer shall procure that, record of 
such payment is noted on a schedule to the relevant Global Note and the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In respect of Bearer Notes represented by Global Notes, each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each, an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for such 
Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which,

--- Page 134 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.2 – Form of English Law Notes and Summary of Provisions relating to the English Law Notes 
while in Global Form 
10231698288-v34 
- 122 - 
70-41030487 
 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. For so long as the 
relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes. 
The records of the relevant clearing systems which reflect the amount of Noteholders' interests in the Notes 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Notes. 
An exchange of a Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes or, as the case may be, a Permanent Global 
Note will be made only on or after the Exchange Date (as set out in the relevant Final Terms) and provided 
certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by the U.S. Treasury Regulations (in 
substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued 
in such circumstances by the relevant clearing system or depositary) has been received. 
The bearer of any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such Temporary 
Global Note for exchange (in whole or in part) for a Permanent Global Note or for delivery of Definitive 
Notes, such exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is 
continuing at the relevant payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes 
represented by such Temporary Global Note which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled 
to exercise any option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
If any date on which a payment of principal or interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche occurs whilst any 
of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related principal or interest 
payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by the U.S. Treasury Regulations (in substantially the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant 
clearing system or depositary) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Payments of 
amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Note will be made through any of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg without any requirement for certification. 
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged, at the cost and expense of the Issuer, by the Issuer 
in whole, for Definitive Notes (a) at the option of the holder of such Permanent Global Note, for Definitive 
Notes, if the Notes of the relevant Series become immediately repayable in accordance with Condition 9 
(Events of Default), or (b) if any of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention to cease 
business permanently or in fact does so, or (c) at the option of the Issuer: (i) unless otherwise provided in 
the Final Terms, if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a 
change in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction which would not be suffered 
were the Notes in definitive form or (ii) where the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws of the United Kingdom, is or will be required to make any deduction or 
withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if the Notes were in definitive 
form. 
Where a Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes, then such Notes shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the denomination of the Notes (or if there is more than one 
denomination, the lowest denomination). 
The Issuer may, at any time in writing, waive or limit its right to exchange a Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes in the circumstances described above, where the Issuer at its sole discretion considers such 
limitation or waiver to be desirable in respect of a particular Series of Notes. 
Definitive Bearer Notes will, if interest-bearing and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have 
Coupons and, if applicable, a talon for further Coupons attached. All Definitive Bearer Notes will, if the 
principal thereof is repayable by instalments, have endorsed thereon a grid for recording the payment of 
principal. 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination): 
(i) 
if Notes are required to be issued in definitive form, they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer 
in the denominations of euro 0.01, euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and such other 
denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; and

--- Page 135 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.2 – Form of English Law Notes and Summary of Provisions relating to the English Law Notes 
while in Global Form 
10231698288-v34 
- 123 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
the amount of interest due in respect of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of such 
Notes and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01. 
All notices to the Holders of Notes or the Coupons appertaining thereto will be valid, in the case of Notes 
in global form, if delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein; provided that, in each case, in 
the case of Notes that have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system have been complied with. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
delivery or, if the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and publication is required under 
the applicable rules of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, on the date of 
publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication (or, if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). 
Holders of any Coupons appertaining to Bearer Notes will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of such Bearer Notes in accordance herewith. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be issued under the classic safekeeping structure. 
In the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the Notes will be issued in global 
form ("Global Registered Notes") held in specified clearing systems, as described below, or in definitive 
form ("Definitive Registered Notes"). 
Regulation S Global Registered Notes 
In the case of a Series or Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold solely outside the United States (as 
defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S to non-U.S. persons, such Series or Tranche of 
Registered Notes may be represented by a Global Registered Note without interest coupons (a "Regulation 
S Global Registered Note"), which will be deposited on or about the issue date for the relevant Tranche 
with, and registered in the name of the Common Depositary (or its nominee). Interests in any Regulation S 
Global Registered Note will be exchangeable (in circumstances described below under "Exchange and 
Transfer of Global Registered Notes for Definitive Registered Notes") for Definitive Registered Notes 
("Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes"). 
Each Regulation S Global Registered Note will have an ISIN code. 
Owner of Global Registered Notes and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement relating to directions, sanctions 
and consents of Holders of Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders of Notes, so long as Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the nominee of their Common Depositary is the registered owner or holder 
of a Global Registered Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, 
will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Note for 
all purposes under the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes. Payments of principal, interest 
and additional amounts, if any, pursuant to Condition 7 (Payments), on Global Registered Notes will be 
made to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee thereof, or common service provider acting 
as agent for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or the registered holder thereof. 
None of the Issuer, the Registrar, or any Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the above or any person by 
whom any of the above is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in Global Registered Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. Each such payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made 
to the person shown as the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in 
the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the business day on which each 
clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business which is the 
business day of each such clearing system before the due date for such payment.

--- Page 136 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.2 – Form of English Law Notes and Summary of Provisions relating to the English Law Notes 
while in Global Form 
10231698288-v34 
- 124 - 
70-41030487 
 
Exchange and Transfer of Global Registered Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in 
part, for Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes: (i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; (ii) the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate 
the book-entry system through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; (iii) the Notes become 
immediately repayable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default); (iv) unless otherwise provided 
in the Final Terms, at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect 
of the Notes as a result of a change in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction 
which would not be suffered were the Notes in definitive form; or (v) if the Issuer so elects, where the 
Issuer or Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or amendments to, the laws of the United Kingdom, is 
or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment under the Notes which will 
not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. 
The holder of a Registered Note may transfer such Registered Note in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the English Law Conditions. 
The holder of a Definitive Registered Note may transfer such Note by surrendering it at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Global Registered Note for 
Definitive Registered Notes for a period of 15 calendar days preceding the due date for any payment in 
respect of the Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 125 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.3 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF NOTES 
This section sets out details of the arrangements between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) as to the offer and 
sale of Notes and summarises selling restrictions that apply to the offer and sale of Notes in various 
jurisdictions. 
General 
(1) 
Each Dealer has, in a Master Note Issuance Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
it may from time to time agree either as principal or agent of the Issuer to subscribe for or purchase, 
to underwrite or, as the case may be, to procure subscribers or purchasers for Notes. When entering 
into any such agreement to subscribe for or purchase, to underwrite, or as the case may be, to 
procure subscribers for or purchasers for any particular Series of Notes, the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) will agree details relating to the form of such Notes and the Conditions relating to such 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the relevant Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of 
such subscription or purchase. The Master Note Issuance Agreement contains provisions for the 
Issuer to appoint other Dealers from time to time either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
(2) 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required 
other than in the Public Offer Jurisdictions. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
The Notes have not been and may not be offered to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre 
unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"); and

--- Page 138 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 126 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that is has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in a member state of the European Economic Area (an "EEA Member 
State") except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that EEA Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that EEA 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that EEA Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another EEA Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that EEA Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a drawdown 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented 
in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended). 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Belgian Securities Laws 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market 
instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation) may not be 
distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of the 
Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of 
investment instrument to trading on a regulated market. 
Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian 
Consumers (as defined below). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions 
Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or 
cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to Notes other than Alternative English Law Conditions Notes to Belgian Consumers.

--- Page 139 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 127 - 
70-41030487 
 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 
février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for 
purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional French Securities Laws 
(a) 
Offer to the public in France not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
An offer of Notes to the public in France which is not exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus set out in Article 3.1 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation") and the distribution or causing to be distributed to the public in France of this Base 
Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such an offer of 
Notes, will only be made in the period beginning on the date of publication of this Base Prospectus 
which has been approved by the competent authority of a Member State of the EEA and notified 
to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France, and ending at the latest on the date 
which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance with 
Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement général 
of the AMF, or 
(b) 
Offer to the public in France exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, nor may this Base 
Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the offer of Notes 
be distributed or caused to be distributed in France other than (i) to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or otherwise (ii) in compliance with 
all applicable French laws and regulations. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Republic of Italy Securities Laws 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, and no copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes may be 
distributed, in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "EU Prospectus Regulation"); 
(2) 
that Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, or copies of any prospectus relating to such Notes 
may be distributed, in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication 
of such prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in another Member State or 
the United Kingdom and notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Decree No. 58") 
and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"), and 
ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; and 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the solicitation 
restrictions applies, as provided under the EU Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation 
No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended, Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities

--- Page 140 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 128 - 
70-41030487 
 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely 
with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 
months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business 
or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to 
claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an 
exemption provided for under the EU Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Norway Securities Laws 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within 
the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers. Each purchaser of Notes 
denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed 
that such Notes may not be offered or resold within the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of 
Norwegian purchasers. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Spain Securities Laws 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the 
Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Guernsey 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in, or from within the Bailiwick of Guernsey either (i) to or by 
persons licensed under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 or (ii) to persons 
licensed under the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 or (iii) to persons licensed 
under the Insurance Business (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 or (iv) to persons licensed under the 
Insurance Managers and Insurance Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 or (v) to licensees 
under the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 2020. 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and it is 
not intended that this Base Prospectus will be registered with the Guernsey Financial Services Commission 
under the Prospectus Rules and Guidance, 2021, on the basis that an offer will be in respect of Notes to be 
listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Where the Notes are not to be so listed and traded, the offer will not be made to the public in Guernsey. 
Therefore, the number of persons in Guernsey to whom an offer for Notes that are not listed on Euronext 
Dublin is so communicated must not exceed fifty. 
Hong Kong 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of 
any document other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined

--- Page 141 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 129 - 
70-41030487 
 
in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. 
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) may be issued or held in the possession of the Issuer or any Dealer or any 
other offeror nominated by the Issuer for the purpose of such issue of Notes, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Isle of Man 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme (other than the Issuer) will be required to represent and agree 
that it shall only offer or sell Notes in or from the Isle of Man if it holds an appropriate financial services 
licence issued by the Isle of Man Financial Services Authority (the "FSA") under section 7 of the Isle of 
Man Financial Services Act 2008 (the "FS Act") or, where it does not hold such a licence, it shall only offer 
or sell Notes to an "Isle of Man person" (within the meaning of the Isle of Man Regulated Activities Order 
2011, as amended (the "Order")) where it is an "overseas person" (within the meaning of the Order) who 
is authorised to offer and sell the Notes by a regulator outside the Isle of Man and either (i) the offer or sale 
of the Notes is the direct result of an approach made to such Dealer by or on behalf of the Isle of Man 
person which has not been solicited by such Dealer (otherwise than by means of an advertisement which is 
neither targeted at Isle of Man persons nor disseminated by a medium which is targeted at Isle of Man 
persons); or (ii) the Isle of Man person: (A) holds a licence issued by the FSA under section 7 of the FS Act 
to carry on a regulated activity; or (B) is a person falling within exclusion 2(r) contained in Schedule 1 to 
the Order; or (C) is a person whose ordinary business activities involve him in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of shares or debentures (as principal or agent), for the purposes of his business. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"), and, accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Jersey 
No consent under Article 8(2) of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 has been obtained in relation 
to the circulation in Jersey of any offer of Notes and any such offer must be addressed exclusively to a 
restricted circle of persons in Jersey. For these purposes an offer is not addressed exclusively to a restricted 
circle of persons unless (i) the offer is addressed to an identifiable category of persons to whom it is directly 
communicated by the offeror or the offeror's appointed agent, (ii) the members of that category are the only 
persons who may accept the offer and they are in possession of sufficient information to be able to make a 
reasonable evaluation of the offer and (iii) the number of persons in Jersey to whom the offer is so 
communicated does not exceed fifty. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
The Notes have not been and may not be offered or sold except that the Notes may be marketed on a private 
placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors" for an offer outside 
Bahrain. 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person's principal place of residence; or 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or

--- Page 142 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 130 - 
70-41030487 
 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
People's Republic of China 
PRC Underlying 
Notes linked to PRC securities (including PRC securities underlying an Underlying Index) (the 
"PRC-Linked Notes") may not be offered or sold in the People's Republic of China (for the purpose of this 
section, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong 
Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan, the "PRC") directly or indirectly or offered or sold to any Domestic Investor, or to any person 
using funds to purchase the PRC-Linked Notes sourced from any Domestic Investor, where "Domestic 
Investor" means: 
(a) 
PRC Citizens resident in the PRC; 
(b) 
PRC Citizens resident outside the PRC who are not permanent residents of another country or 
permanent residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan; and 
(c) 
legal entities registered in the PRC. 
"PRC Citizens" means any person holding a "Resident Identification Card" or other equivalent government 
issued identification of the PRC. 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC, except as permitted by the laws of the 
PRC. 
In respect of any Notes, this Base Prospectus or any information obtained by reference herein relating to 
the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. This Base Prospectus, 
any information contained herein or the Notes have not been, or will not be, submitted to, approved by, 
verified by or registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and thus may not be 
supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the 
Notes in the PRC. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in the PRC. 
Other Notes 
In respect of Notes other than the PRC-Linked Notes, the Notes may only be invested in by the PRC 
investors that are authorised to engage in investing in the Notes of the type being offered or sold. Investors 
are responsible for obtaining all relevant government approvals, verifications, licenses or registrations (if 
any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, but not limited to, the State Administration 
of Foreign Exchange and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, 
including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange regulations and/ or overseas investment 
regulations. 
Peru 
The contents of this Base Prospectus and the Notes issued and traded hereunder, have not been reviewed 
nor authorised by the Capital Markets Superintendence (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores, the 
"SMV") nor the Private Pension Funds, Banking and Insurance Superintendence (Superintendencia de 
Banca, Seguros y AFP, the "SBS"). Therefore, investors will not benefit from protection of any of the 
aforementioned regulatory authorities. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Capital Markets Public Registry of the SMV 
nor the Lima Stock Exchange Registry ("RBVL") for their public offering in Peru under the Peruvian

--- Page 143 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 131 - 
70-41030487 
 
Capital Markets Law (Law N°861/ Supreme Decree N°093-2002) and the decrees and regulations 
thereunder. 
Consequently, Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, nor this Base Prospectus, any 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed or caused to be 
distributed to the general public in Peru, unless the offering or selling of Notes comply with the Private 
Offer Exemptions (as defined below). 
"Private Offer Exemptions" means an offer of Notes, where no Mass-marketing is used, and made: 
(i) 
exclusively to institutional investors; or 
(ii) 
where the minimum investment amount is greater than or equal to approximately USD 155,000 
(either in a single transaction or in aggregate). 
"Mass-marketing" means a marketing strategy utilising mass distribution and mass media to offer, 
negotiate or distribute securities to the whole market. Mass media includes newspapers, magazines, radio, 
television, mail, meetings, social network, internet servers located in Peru, and other media or technology 
platforms. 
Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended), and any codes of conduct or rules issued in connection therewith and any conditions, 
requirements or enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of 
practice made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or any 
regulations made pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 
(as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the 
Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 or any delegated or implementing acts 
relating thereto, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the Companies Act 
2014 (as amended) and any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(d) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the 
Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended), Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament of the 
Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) and any rules issued under Section 1370 
of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Russia 
The Notes have not been and will not be offered, transferred or sold as part of their initial distribution or at 
any time thereafter to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, 
established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the 
territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. The Notes may not be offered or sold, nor may the Notes be the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, nor may this Base Prospectus or any

--- Page 144 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 132 - 
70-41030487 
 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase 
of the Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The Notes are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and investors in the Notes will not benefit from supervision by 
FINMA. Notes issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective 
investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 
23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended. Notes issued under the Programme are neither issued nor 
guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Ordinance ("FinSO"), and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA. 
Consequently, this Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may 
only be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland: 
1. 
if such offer is strictly limited to investors that qualify as professional clients ("Professional 
Clients", as set out below) according to Article 4 para. 3 FinSA and Article 5 para. 1 FinSO. 
Accordingly, the Notes may only be distributed or offered, and the Base Prospectus or any other 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be made available to Professional Clients in 
Switzerland; in this case, the offering of the Notes in, into or from Switzerland is exempt from the 
requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under FinSA; or 
2. 
if such offer constitutes an exempt offer pursuant to specific provisions regarding exempt offers 
pursuant to Article 36 FinSA which (a) is addressed to less than 500 investors, (b) is only addressed 
to investors that purchase financial instruments in an amount of at least CHF 100,000 (or equivalent

--- Page 145 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 133 - 
70-41030487 
 
in other currencies), (c) has a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in other 
currencies), or (d) does not exceed the value of CHF 8 million (or equivalent in other currencies) 
calculated over a period of 12 months; in this case, the offering of the Notes in, into or from 
Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under FinSA. 
Professional Clients in terms of FinSA specifically include: 
(a) 
Swiss regulated financial intermediaries such as banks, securities houses, fund management 
companies, asset managers of collective investments, or regular asset managers; 
(b) 
Swiss regulated insurance companies; 
(c) 
foreign entities which are subject to a prudential supervision under the laws of their incorporation 
of jurisdiction equivalent to that applicable to persons listed under paragraphs (a) and (b) above; 
(d) 
central banks; 
(e) 
public entities with professional treasury operations; 
(f) 
occupational pension schemes and other institutions whose purpose is to serve occupational 
pensions with professional treasury operations; 
(g) 
companies with professional treasury operations; 
(h) 
large companies; and 
(i) 
private investment structures with professional treasury operations created for high-net-worth 
private (retail) clients. 
In addition, high-net-worth private (retail) clients and private investment structures created for them may 
declare that they wish to be treated as Professional Clients in accordance with Article 5 FinSA (opting out). 
Notwithstanding the fact that this offer does not trigger the requirement to establish a prospectus under 
FinSA, in the case of offerings of Notes that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" that 
will be made to private (retail) clients in, into or from Switzerland (as such expressions are understood 
under FinSA and FinSO), a key information document (KID) prepared in accordance with FinSA and 
FinSO or in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of November 26, 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs) must be made available. The Issuer reserves the right to make available a simplified 
prospectus pursuant to former Article 5 para. 2 CISA instead of a KID until the expiration of the grand-
fathering period, i.e. until the end of 2022. 
Taiwan 
Notes other than Taiwan-Linked Notes (which are dealt with below) shall not be distributed, offered or sold 
in Taiwan but may be made available to Taiwan investors outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors 
either directly or through such financial institutions as may be authorised under the laws of Taiwan and 
only pursuant to the relevant laws, regulations and self-regulatory guidelines as may be applicable to them. 
In respect of Notes linked to Taiwanese Reference Assets (including those underlying an Index) (for the 
purpose of this section, the "Taiwan-Linked Notes"): 
(i) 
Taiwan-Linked Notes are not permitted to be offered or distributed in Taiwan. 
(ii) 
Taiwan-Linked Notes are not permitted to be sold to (i) a resident(s) of the People's Republic of 
China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
("Macau") and Taiwan, the "PRC") or an entity(ies) domiciled in the PRC ("PRC Person"), (ii) 
an entity(ies) other than a fund established outside the PRC (including such entity(ies) established 
in Hong Kong or Macau) that is controlled by a PRC Person(s), (iii) an entity(ies) other than a fund 
established outside the PRC (including such entity(ies) established in Hong Kong or Macau) which 
is more than thirty per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by a PRC Person(s) or (iv) a fund

--- Page 146 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 134 - 
70-41030487 
 
established outside the PRC (including a fund established in Hong Kong or Macau) which fund is: 
(a) a publicly offered fund the management company of which is not incorporated in the PRC, but 
is controlled or more than 30 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by PRC Persons or (b) a 
publicly offered fund the management company of which is incorporated in the PRC and the 
investments in the fund from PRC Persons exceed 30 per cent. of assets under management; or (c) 
a privately placed fund which is controlled or more than 30 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, 
by PRC Persons. 
(iii) 
Taiwan-Linked Notes are not permitted to be sold to any holder utilising funds sourced from 
Taiwan or the PRC for the purposes of purchasing the Taiwan-Linked Notes. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
The Notes have not been and may not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the United 
Arab Emirates (the "UAE") other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the 
issue, offering and sale of securities. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation: In relation to any Notes if the Final 
Terms in respect of such Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 147 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 135 - 
70-41030487 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
An invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA")) may only be communicated or caused to be 
communicated in connection with the issue or sale of Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer. 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect of anything done in connection 
with the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Master Note Issuance Agreement: 
(1) 
if "40-day Distribution Compliance Period" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes at any time (whether as part of their distribution 
at any time or otherwise) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons and (b) it will send to each dealer to which it sells Notes a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons; and 
(2) 
otherwise, (a) it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time and 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Series of which such 
Notes are a part, as certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers 
as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and (b) it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the periods referred to in (a)(i) and (ii) above a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition: 
(1) 
if "40-day Distribution Compliance Period" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, an offer or sale of Notes at any time within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; and 
(2) 
otherwise, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not

--- Page 148 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.3 – Subscription and Sale of Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 136 - 
70-41030487 
 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Uruguay 
Neither the Notes nor the Issuer are registered with the Superintendency of Financial Services of the Central 
Bank of Uruguay allowing the Notes to be publicly offered in Uruguay, since the placement qualifies as a 
private placement under section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627.

--- Page 149 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 137 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.4 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the "Conditions") which apply to all 
English Law Notes (other than English Law Notes in respect of which the Final Terms specify the 
"Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" to be the Conditions in respect of the Notes) 
and which are completed by the relevant Final Terms for each issue of Notes. The Conditions will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form. The terms and conditions applicable to any English Law Note in 
global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the English Law Note were it 
in definitive form to the extent described under "Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the 
Notes While in Global Form". 
The Notes are issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") pursuant to a programme for the issuance of notes 
and warrants (the "Programme") established by the Issuer, are constituted by, and have the benefit of, a 
deed of covenant dated on or about 27 May 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant"). The Notes also have the 
benefit of a master note issuance agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated 
on or about 26 May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Master Note 
Issuance Agreement") and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC 
Continental Europe (formerly known as HSBC France) as dealers (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers", which expression shall include any additional or successor Dealer) and The Hongkong and 
Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (which entity shall not be a dealer for the purposes of the Notes), 
and an issuing and paying agency agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated 
on or about 26 May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement") and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental 
Europe as calculation agents (HSBC Bank plc or, as the case may be, HSBC Continental Europe being the 
"Calculation Agent" with respect to the Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, which expression 
includes any successor or other Calculation Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as transfer agent (HSBC Bank plc 
being the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Transfer 
Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), HSBC Bank plc as the principal paying agent (HSBC Bank plc being the "Principal Paying 
Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Principal Paying Agent 
appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, together with any additional paying agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Computershare Agency Agreement (as defined below), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the "Paying Agents"), HSBC Bank plc as issue agent (HSBC Bank plc being the "Issue Agent", 
which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Issue Agent appointed pursuant to the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as 
registrar (HSBC Bank plc being the "Registrar", which expression shall include any additional or successor 
or other Registrar appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and the other parties specified therein. 
In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with Computershare Investor Services PLC dated 
23 April 2010 (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Computershare Agency Agreement") appointing the latter as registrar and paying agent (the "CREST 
Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar and paying agent) with respect to 
Uncertificated Registered Notes (as defined below). 
All Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each, a "Tranche") of Notes issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms 
("Final Terms"), a copy of which will be attached to or endorsed on or incorporated by reference in each 
Note of such Tranche. Other than the issue date, the issue price and the date for the first payment of interest, 
the Notes of each Series will have identical terms and conditions. The Notes of each Tranche will have 
identical terms and conditions. 
Copies of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Computershare Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Holders (as defined 
below) of Notes, and copies of the relevant Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and any supplemental 
prospectus may be obtained by Holders of Notes in each case during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Issuer and of the Paying Agent in London or, in the case of Uncertificated Registered Notes, 
the CREST Registrar. The Holders (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Form, Denomination and Title – Bearer 
Notes)) for the time being of Notes (the "Noteholders", which expression shall, in the case of Bearer Notes,

--- Page 150 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 138 - 
70-41030487 
 
include reference to the Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto) and of any coupons (the "Coupons") 
or talons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Master Note Issuance Agreement and the relevant Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Computershare Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"€STR" means, in respect of any specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the daily 
euro short-term rate; 
"Additional Disruption Event" means such of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Costs of Hedging and/or Insolvency Filing as are specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Series of Notes and a Relevant 
Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in 
order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations in respect of the Notes, all as determined by the Issuer; 
"Affected Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the Relevant 
Benchmark affected by a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Agents" means each of, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Issue Agent, the Registrar and 
the CREST Registrar; 
"Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, in respect of Notes which are represented by 
a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note(s) or, as 
the case may be, such Uncertificated Registered Notes; 
"Alternative Exchange" means, in relation to any Securities, an exchange or quotation system on 
which the Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted and which is located in the same country 
as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union or the United Kingdom, in 
any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom), unless (in any such case) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the listing, trading or quotation on such exchange or quotation 
system will materially alter the risk profile of the Notes (in which case such exchange or quotation 
system shall not constitute an "Alternative Exchange"); 
"Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Alternative Payment

--- Page 151 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 139 - 
70-41030487 
 
Currency as published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Alternative Payment Currency" means the currency, which may be Offshore RMB, specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such currency is specified, USD; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" means the relevant amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent converted into the relevant Alternative Payment 
Currency using the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate" means 
(i) 
the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency and Alternative Payment Currency 
(expressed as the number of units of Alternative Payment Currency per one unit of 
Settlement Currency or as the number of units of Settlement Currency per one unit of 
Alternative Payment Currency (as applicable)) as published on the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time on the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the rate of exchange determined in accordance with, or derived from the Alternative 
Payment Cross Currency Rate and the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded up. If on an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date the Relevant Rate is not available 
for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (X)(A) or (X)(B), 
as applicable, of Condition 7(f) (Payments - Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) or, if 
Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in its discretion; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date" means the fifth day (or such other number of days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date 
or other date on which the relevant payment falls due (as appropriate). For the purposes of this 
definition, "day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdiction or place specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such jurisdiction or place is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, the Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction and, 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross 
Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page" means the Reuters or other screen page specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in 
the international exchange market; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time" means (i) the time and place specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in the 
case of a successor page to the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) if no such time and place is specified in the Final Terms, such time and place 
as the Calculation Agent determines; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if the Alternative Payment Currency is USD, the United States of America; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the relevant Final Terms as an "Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index" and which is not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event;

--- Page 152 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 140 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, and subject to, 
Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding), an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate corresponding 
to such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the corresponding date specified as such in relation to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined 
in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage specified in respect of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the percentage specified as such for such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the percentage rate specified as such for such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the date(s) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each of the 
date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such 
Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of 
such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Date, the 
Observation Date specified in respect to such Valuation Date for which the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each 
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) is lowest;  
"Average Basket – Highest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Date, the 
Observation Date specified in respect to such Valuation Date for which the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each 
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) is highest;  
"Averaging Date(s)" means, in respect of an Index, or a Security: 
(i) 
each of the dates specified as an Averaging Date with respect to the relevant Valuation 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) subject to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(ii) 
if Averaging Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable with 
respect to the relevant Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day (which is not a 
Disrupted Day) in the Averaging Period;

--- Page 153 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 141 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Averaging Period" means with respect to: 
(i) 
the Strike Date, the period from and including the "Strike Averaging Start Date" to and 
including the "Strike Averaging End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Strike Averaging Period"); 
(ii) 
the Final Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Final Valuation Averaging 
Start Date" to and including the "Final Valuation Averaging End Date", each as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Performance Averaging Period"); 
(iii) 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the 
"Autocall Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Autocall Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Averaging Period"); 
(iv) 
any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Coupon Trigger 
Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Coupon Trigger Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Coupon Trigger Averaging Period"); 
(v) 
any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In Coupon 
Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Coupon Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In Coupon Averaging Period"); 
(vi) 
any Barrier Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Barrier Averaging Start 
Date" to and including the "Barrier Averaging End Date", each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Barrier Averaging Period"); and 
(vii) 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In 
Redemption Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Redemption 
Averaging End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Redemption Averaging Period"); 
a "Barrier Event" will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the Notes in the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
where "Inclusive" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Event in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than or equal to the Barrier Level; 
(b)  
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of any of the Barrier Valuation 
Dates is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; and 
(c)  
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the Relevant 
Observation Performance in respect of any Barrier Valuation Date during the 
Barrier Valuation Period is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; 
 (ii) 
where "Non-Inclusive" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Event in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than the Barrier Level; 
(b)  
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of any of the Barrier Valuation 
Dates is less than the Barrier Level; and

--- Page 154 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 142 - 
70-41030487 
 
(c)  
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the Relevant 
Observation Performance in respect of any Barrier Valuation Date during the 
Barrier Valuation Period is less than the Barrier Level; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Barrier Observation Method" means European, Bermudan or Daily as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Barrier Valuation Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or 
Security comprising the Securities Basket, the Barrier Valuation Date in respect 
of such Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(ii) 
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each 
of the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket 
or Security comprising the Securities Basket, the relevant Barrier Valuation Date 
in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(iii) 
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each Scheduled 
Trading Day (which is not a Disrupted Day) in the Barrier Valuation Period 
(provided that the final day in the Barrier Valuation Period which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be a Barrier Valuation Date regardless of whether it is a 
Disrupted Day, and the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date); or 
(b)  
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each 
day in the Barrier Valuation Period which (i) is a Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of all Indices or Securities (as applicable) in the Basket and (ii) is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of any Index or Security (as applicable) in the Basket 
(provided that the final day in the Barrier Valuation Period which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of all Indices or Securities (as applicable) shall be a Barrier 
Valuation Date regardless of whether it is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index 
or Security, and the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date);

--- Page 155 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 143 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Barrier Valuation Period" means the period from and including the "Barrier Valuation Period 
Start Date" to and including the "Barrier Valuation Period End Date", each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Basket" means, in respect of a Note, a basket composed of each Index or each Security (as the 
case may be) specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relative proportions indicated in the Final 
Terms; 
"BBR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the rate for bills of 
exchange denominated in such Relevant Currency and having a tenor equal to such specified 
period; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that references a Relevant Benchmark that is a Reference 
Rate or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar 
rate: 
(A) 
an Index Cessation Event; or 
(B) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Series of Notes, an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and 
a Relevant Benchmark, the date on which the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event 
has occurred; 
"Best Performing Index" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Level of each Index in the Basket has been 
determined, the Index for which the Specified Level of such Index determined with respect to such 
day divided by the Initial Index Level for such Index is highest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Best Performing Security" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Price of each Security in the Basket has been 
determined, the Security for which the Specified Price of such Security determined with respect to 
such day divided by the Initial Security Price for such Security is highest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Note in respect of which amounts are payable in euro, a Euro Business Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Business Centre and on which the relevant Clearing System is 
open for business; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any other Note, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in each Business Centre and on which the relevant 
Clearing System is open for business; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms (which shall be one of the following expressions) and, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 156 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 144 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount in the Settlement Currency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if no such 
percentage is specified, the Cap shall be unlimited; 
"Change in Law" means, in relation to any Notes, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it will, or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will, with the passing of time, or it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its 
designated affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the 
sale or disposal of, Securities, Component Securities, or other components comprised in an Index 
relating to such Notes or any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price 
risk or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, any currency risk, of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes (y) it has become illegal for the 
Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, acquire, purchase, sell or maintain one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in respect of any securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange 
in relation to such Notes, or in relation to the Issuer's hedging activities in connection with the 
Notes or in relation to the hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates in 
connection with the Notes, (ii) stock loan transactions in relation to such Notes or (iii) other 
instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) held by the Issuer or any of its designated 
affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, such Notes or (z) the Issuer or any 
of its designated affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit 
or other adverse effect on its tax position) 
"Clearing System" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and/or CREST in which Notes of the relevant Series are for the time being held, or, in relation to

--- Page 157 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 145 - 
70-41030487 
 
an individual Note, in which that Note is for the time being held, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in relation to any Securities, any day on which the 
principal domestic clearing system customarily used for settling trades in such Securities is (or, but 
for the occurrence of an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which such clearing 
system cannot clear the transfer of such securities, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions; 
"Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event" means the relevant Clearing System(s) ceases to 
accept payments in the Settlement Currency; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Closing Level" means (a) with respect to an Index other than a Multiple Exchange Index, the 
level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, the official closing level of such Index 
as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the relevant Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for which the performance of the Index is to 
be determined; 
"Closing Price" means, in relation to a Security, the price of such Security as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for which the performance of the 
Security is to be determined; 
"Component Security" means, with respect to an Index, each component security of that Index; 
"Conditional Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Amount" means, in respect of the relevant Coupon Trigger Valuation Date and 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent; 
(i) 
if "Digital Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate 
corresponding to such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
if "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed); and 
(iii) 
if "Relevant Rate – Floating" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating); 
a "Coupon Trigger Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in respect of such Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the relevant Coupon Trigger Level specified in 
respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the percentage 
specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the 
corresponding date specified as such in relation to such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the percentage 
rate specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Coupon Trigger Recovery Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in respect of such

--- Page 158 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 146 - 
70-41030487 
 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the relevant Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Level specified in respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Coupon Trigger Recovery Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the 
percentage specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Valuation Date" means 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"CREST" means Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited); 
"Cross Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if such 
currency is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency shall mean USD; 
"Cross Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is specified means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year;

--- Page 159 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 147 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365F" is specified, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365, or in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 160 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 148 - 
70-41030487 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Deferral Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(f) (Payments - Price Source 
Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Delisting" means (a) that the Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, 
the Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange or (b) that the Calculation Agent determines that listing or 
trading of Securities on the Exchange (or an Alternative Exchange) has not commenced and will 
not commence in the foreseeable future prior to redemption of the Notes. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to each Depository Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depository Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented; 
"Depository" means, in relation to a Depository Receipt, the issuer of such Depository Receipt as 
appointed under the Deposit Agreement, including its successors from time to time; 
"Depository Receipt(s)" means any Security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided that if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated at any time, any reference to any 
Depository Receipt(s) shall thereafter be construed as a reference to the relevant Underlying 
Securities or relevant Replacement DRs, as applicable and as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Condition 21 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes); 
"Digital Return Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index: (a) any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has

--- Page 161 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 149 - 
70-41030487 
 
occurred; (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index any Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of such Index on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such 
Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or (iii) a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred; or (c) in respect 
of an Index any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish such Index; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Security on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Security has 
occurred; 
"Disrupted Day Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the 
amount payable is calculated by reference to the price or level (as applicable) of an Index, an Index 
Basket, a Security or a Securities Basket determined on the related Valuation Date or Limit 
Valuation Date; 
"DR-Linked Notes" means a Series of Equity-Linked Notes which relate to one or more Securities 
which are Depository Receipts; 
"Early Closure" means (a) the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange 
(in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) 
or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; or (b) if the Notes are Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes, the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in relation to each Note or Calculation Amount (as 
applicable) an amount equal to the percentage per Calculation Amount calculated in accordance 
with, and subject to, Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) or its 
Fair Market Value, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms for the event giving rise 
to the early redemption; 
"EMU Event" means the occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(i) 
the redenomination of any security into euro; 
(ii) 
the change by any organised market, exchange or clearing, payment or settlement system 
in the unit of account of its operating procedures to the euro; 
(iii) 
any change in the currency of denomination of any Index or any Security; or 
(iv) 
any change in the currency in which some or all of the securities or other property 
comprising any Index is denominated; 
"Equity-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which an amount, which shall be 
calculated by reference to the value of a Security or Securities and/or a formula, is payable (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"ETF" means the exchange traded fund or similarly traded or listed fund as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 162 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 150 - 
70-41030487 
 
"ETF Adviser" means, with respect to an ETF, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment manager (including a non-discretionary 
investment manager to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary 
investment manager), as provided in the related ETF Documents; 
"ETF Documents" means, in relation to any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of such ETF specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETF, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate; 
"Euro", "euro" "EUR", "€" each mean the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Euro Business Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which TARGET2 is open for 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Euro Exchange Date" means the date on which the Euro Exchange Notice is given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination), which is the date on which all 
unmatured Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency (whether or not attached to 
the Notes) will become void with effect from; 
"Euro Exchange Notice" means the notice given by the Issuer to the Noteholders stating that 
replacement Notes and Coupons denominated in euro are available for exchange (provided that 
such Notes and Coupons are available); 
"Exchange" means (a) with respect to a Security or an Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Security or the components 
of the Index, as the case may be, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Security or components, as the 
case may be, as on the original Exchange); or (b) in the case of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent (which exchange or 
quotation system as of the Issue Date may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms); 
provided, however, that if the Exchange (the "Original Exchange") announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, any Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and the 
Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange, then, so long as the 
Securities are not listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Original Exchange, such Alternative 
Exchange shall be the "Exchange" in relation to such Securities; 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
any relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in the manner specified in Condition 11 
(Replacement, Exchange and Transfer); 
"Exchange Disruption" means (a) any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-
Linked Notes) or on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes), or (ii) to effect transactions in,

--- Page 163 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 151 - 
70-41030487 
 
or obtain market values for, future or options contracts relating to the Securities (in the case of 
Equity-Linked Notes) or the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means the amount per Security specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such amount is so specified, any dividend or the portion of any dividend which the 
Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an Extraordinary Dividend; 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
or existence of any of the following: 
(i) 
the ETF (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes 
a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C)(1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (y) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in (A) to (E) above; 
(ii) 
the ETF has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETF 
or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency 
of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the ETF Documents or any contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the ETF or any of its assets; 
(iii) 
the resignation, termination or replacement of the ETF Adviser; 
(iv) 
any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of the Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the Issue Date; 
(v) 
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF 
Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Units or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(vi) 
the Issuer, or any of its affiliates, is unable, or it is impractical for it, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate 
to hedge the price risk relating to the Units of entering into and performing its obligations

--- Page 164 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 152 - 
70-41030487 
 
with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability 
has arisen by reason of (1) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the 
ETF on any investor's ability to redeem the Units, in whole or in part, or any existing or 
new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such Units, or (2) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Units imposed by the ETF (in each 
case other than any restriction in existence on the Issue Date); 
(vii) 
(A) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Units or 
the ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Units or 
the ETF, (B) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Units or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (C) the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(A) the occurrence of any event affecting the Units that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable to determine the value of 
the Units, and such event is likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to 
continue for the foreseeable future; or (B) any failure of the ETF to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered (1) information that the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or (2) information that has been previously delivered 
to the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for it to monitor the ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Units; 
(ix) 
on or after the Strike Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the Units, or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(x) 
the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on 
the Strike Date) amount of tax (including potential taxes which the Calculation Agent 
considers may arise), duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk relating to the Units of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Extraordinary ETF Event; and 
(xi) 
(A) the cancellation or cessation of any Underlying Index or (B) a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating or any other material modification to any 
Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain such Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) or (C) the relevant sponsor of any Underlying 
Index fails to calculate and announce such Underlying Index; 
"Extraordinary Event" means (a) in all cases other than where the Final Terms specifies that the 
Securities are Units in an ETF, a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting (b) in the case where the Final Terms specifies that the Securities are Units in an ETF, a 
Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or Extraordinary ETF Event; 
"Fair Market Value" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, its fair market 
value immediately prior to the early redemption date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in

--- Page 165 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 153 - 
70-41030487 
 
consultation with the Issuer, and in respect only of Notes that are not Italian Notes, less any 
reasonable costs and expenses of the Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements, and any such calculation of the 
fair market value shall have the effect of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such 
early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. For the purposes of 
calculating the Fair Market Value following an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) only, in determining the fair market value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Final Index Basket Level" means, in relation to an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Final Index Level 
of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Final Index Level 
of the Best Performing Index; 
"Final Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Specified Level with respect to such Index 
determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date; 
"Final Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such Index: 
[ Final Index Level
Initial Index Level] 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index Basket other than an Index Basket in respect of which "Average 
Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such Index 
Basket: 
[ Final Index Basket Level
Initial Index Basket Level] 
(iii) 
in relation to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Level", "Lowest Level" or "Average 
Level" are specified as being applicable, the Final Index Performance with respect 
to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted average (in line with the 
Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Final Index Performance of each 
Index comprising the Basket in respect of the Final Valuation Date as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 
0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Index 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Index comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Index 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Index comprising the Basket as calculated by the

--- Page 166 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 154 - 
70-41030487 
 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest Observation Date; 
"Final Securities Basket Price" means, in relation to a Securities Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Final Security 
Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Final Security 
Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Final Security Performance" means 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such 
Security: 
[ Final Security Price
Initial Security Price] 
(ii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket other than a Securities Basket in respect of which 
"Average Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a 
percentage (rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such 
Securities Basket: 
[ Final Securities Basket Price
Initial Securities Basket Price] 
(iii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Price", "Lowest Price" or "Average Price" 
are specified as being applicable, the Final Security Performance with respect to 
the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting 
applicable to such Basket) of the Final Security Performance of each Security 
comprising the Basket in respect of the Final Valuation Date as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Security 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Security comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Security 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Security comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest Observation Date; 
"Final Security Price" means, in respect of a Security, the Specified Price with respect to such 
Security determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date; 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and 
Purchase – At Maturity);

--- Page 167 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 155 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Final Valuation Date in respect of such Index or Security shall 
be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" means a Note for which Fixed Rate Note provisions (for an initial 
period from the Issue Date) and Floating Rate Note provisions (for a subsequent period) are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable; 
"Fixed Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a fixed rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable; 
"Floating Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable; 
"Floating Rate Option" means, in relation to a Note to which ISDA Determination applies, a rate 
or price source specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent of (i) (a) 
an Inconvertibility, (b) Non-transferability, (c) Illiquidity or (d) any other event affecting the 
Settlement Currency (the "FX Disruption Relevant Currency") which would make it unlawful 
or impractical in whole or in part (including without limitation, as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any 
requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial power) for the 
Issuer (or the Issuer's affiliate) to pay or receive amounts in the FX Disruption Relevant Currency 
under or in respect of any hedging arrangement relating to or connected with the FX Disruption 
Relevant Currency; or (ii) if Offshore RMB is specified as the applicable FX Disruption Relevant 
Currency, each of the events specified in (i) above, plus an Offshore RMB Disruption; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or, where the Settlement Currency is specified 
to be RMB, in the PRC and each Offshore RMB Centre; 
"Government Bonds" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, bonds or any other debt securities 
issued by a government, government agency or subdivision or a transnational or supranational 
organisation as specified in the relevant Final Terms and "Government Bond" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates is unable or it is or 
has become not reasonably practicable, or it has otherwise become undesirable, for any reason, for 
the Issuer wholly or any of its designated affiliates or partially after using commercially reasonable 
efforts and acting in good faith, to (A) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or desirable to hedge the 
equity or any other price risk (including but not limited to, any currency risk) of entering into and 
performing the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or (B) realise, recover, receive, transfer 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or (C) without prejudice to (B) above, 
transfer amounts denominated in the Settlement Currency (1) from accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction (2) between 
accounts inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (3) to a party that is a non-resident of the 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (D) without prejudice to (B) and (C) above, convert the 
Settlement Currency into an Alternative Payment Currency;

--- Page 168 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 156 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Illiquidity" means where the foreign exchange market in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
becomes illiquid after the Trade Date and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Settlement Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Notes as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation (if practicable) with two Reference Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the foreign exchange market in 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates would incur 
materially increased costs (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date), including, 
without limitation, amount of tax (including any potential tax which the Calculation Agent 
considers may arise), duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) hold, acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge equity or any other price risk (including but not limited to, any currency 
risk) of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or (B) realise, 
recover, receive, transfer or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or its designated affiliates, as applicable, shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Index" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the index to which such Notes relates, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 17 (Adjustments to 
Indices) and Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events) and "Indices" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Index Basket" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the basket of indices to which such Series 
of Notes relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 17 (Adjustments to Indices) and Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events), and 
"Index Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which is a Reference Rate 
or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Issuer, of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark; 
(iii) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is the Sterling London interbank offered rate, the Swiss Franc 
London interbank offered rate, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate, the Euro 
London interbank offered rate or the Japanese Yen London interbank offered rate (each, a 
"Specified Rate"), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Relevant Benchmark announcing that (i) the

--- Page 169 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 157 - 
70-41030487 
 
regulatory supervisor has determined that such Relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (ii) it is being made in the awareness that the 
statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is SOR, if SOR for a tenor equal to the relevant Interest Period 
(the "relevant tenor") is not published by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. 
(or any successor administrator) (the "SOR Administrator") or an authorised distributor 
and is not otherwise provided by the SOR Administrator, and as of the day that is two 
Singapore and London Banking Days (as defined below) preceding the next following 
Interest Payment Date, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate for the relevant tenor 
has been permanently discontinued or is Non-Representative (as defined below) and there 
is either no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been permanently 
discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is longer than the 
relevant tenor or no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been 
permanently discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is 
shorter than the relevant tenor (and for these purposes (x) the U.S. Dollar London 
interbank offered rate in a particular tenor shall be "Non-Representative" if the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such rate (i) has determined and announced that such 
rate in such tenor is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that such rate is intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored and (ii) is 
aware that certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts have been or are 
engaged, and (y) a "Singapore and London Banking Day" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Singapore and London); 
(v) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is not a Specified Rate, the making of a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark that, in the view of such supervisor or 
administrator, the Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which consists of an Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) and which has an Underlying Fallback Rate, a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Underlying Fallback Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Underlying Fallback 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Underlying 
Fallback Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Underlying Fallback Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Underlying Fallback Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Underlying Fallback Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Underlying Fallback Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Underlying Fallback Rate (and, for these purposes, an "Underlying Fallback Rate" 
in relation to such a Relevant Benchmark shall be such rate (if any) as the Issuer 
determines is the rate underlying such Relevant Benchmark); or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark as a 
consequence of which the Relevant Benchmark will, on or before a specified date (i) be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes or (ii) be recommended for 
informational purposes only rather than for use as a benchmark reference rate for securities 
such as the Notes;

--- Page 170 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 158 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Index-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which an amount calculated by 
reference to an Index or Indices and/or a formula is payable (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
"Index Rules" means, in respect of an Index, the rules of the Index Sponsor in relation to such 
Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms and any successor corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index 
on a regular basis during or at the end of each Scheduled Trading Day (as the case may be); 
"Index Substitution Notice" means a notice specifying a Substitute Index to be substituted for the 
Index and the date as of which such substitution is to take effect; 
"Initial Index Basket Level" means, with respect to an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Initial Index Level 
of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Initial Index Level 
of the Best Performing Index; 
"Initial Index Level" means, with respect to an Index, either: 
(i)  
the level specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Specified Level with respect to such Index determined with respect to the Strike Date; 
"Initial Securities Basket Price" means, with respect to a Security: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Initial 
Security Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Initial Security 
Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Initial Security Price" means, with respect to a Security, either: 
(i)  
the price specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Specified Price with respect to such Security determined with respect to the Strike 
Date; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an Underlying 
Company, (A) all the Securities of that Underlying Company are required to be transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Securities of that Underlying 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of the Securities institutes or has instituted against it by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the issuer of the Securities shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 171 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 159 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the day determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
customary for fixing the Reference Rate applicable to deposits in the Relevant Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period; provided that where so specified in the relevant Final Terms, such day 
shall be a day (i) if such currency is euro, which is a Euro Business Day, and (ii) if such currency 
is any other currency, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre or centres of the country of such currency (or where such currency is a 
National Currency Unit and the Notes have been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 
(Redenomination), the former principal financial centre or centres) or as otherwise may be 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"IRC" means U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Notes" means Notes for which it is specified in the Final Terms that an application is 
expected to be made for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Italian Stock Exchange; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
"Limit Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days); 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the city in which the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, or the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent, to which the relevant Note or Coupon is presented for payment is located; 
a "Lock-In Coupon Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Lock-In Coupon 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in relation to such Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Lock-In Coupon Level specified in relation 
to such Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Lock-In Coupon Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage 
specified as such for such Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 172 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 160 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
a "Lock-In Redemption Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Lock-In 
Redemption Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in relation to 
such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Lock-In Redemption 
Trigger Level specified in relation to such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Lock-In Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Redemption Valuation 
Date, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Margin" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period of time) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of an Index (a) the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an 
Early Closure provided that if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security and (y) the overall 
level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(1) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of (aa) a 
Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, OR (cc) an Early Closure; AND (2) the

--- Page 173 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 161 - 
70-41030487 
 
aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index of:(aa) a Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (cc) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Multiple Exchange Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to such level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall 
level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the 
Index Sponsor of such Index as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(B) 
in respect of a Security, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an 
Early Closure; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – 
At Maturity); 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means in respect of any relevant Securities, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Securities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Underlying Company with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Securities 
of the Underlying Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Securities (other than such Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Securities (other than Securities owned or controlled by 
such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Securities immediately following such event, in each case if the closing date of 
a Merger Event (or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent) is on or before the 
Final Valuation Date; 
If the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, "Merger Event" shall include the occurrence of any of the 
events described in (i) to (iv) (inclusive) above in relation to the relevant Underlying Securities; 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Return Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Multiple Exchange Index" means an Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 174 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 162 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes" means Notes which relate to a Multiple Exchange 
Index; 
"National Currency Unit" means the national currency unit of any Participating Member State 
that becomes a denomination of the euro by reason of Council Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97, 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 or any other applicable laws; 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Securities (or, if the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, the relevant 
Underlying Securities) or all or substantially all the assets of an Underlying Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority or entity; 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c) (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Substitution – Substitution); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to transfer Settlement Currency between accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to an account 
outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or from an account outside the Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction to an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-Trigger Valuation Date" means a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in relation to which no 
Coupon Trigger Event occurred; 
"Observation Date(s)" means, in respect of an Index or a Security: 
(i) 
each of the dates specified as an Observation Date with respect to the relevant Valuation 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) subject to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(ii) 
if Performance Observation Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day 
(which is not a Disrupted Day) in the Performance Observation Period; 
"Observation Date Performance" means in relation to any Observation Date: 
(i) 
in respect of a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Observation Date and such Security: 
[
Closing Price
Initial Security Price] 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Observation Date and such Index: 
[
Closing Level
Initial Index Level] 
"Observation Index Basket Level" means, in respect of an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Observation Index 
Level of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Observation Index 
Level of the Best Performing Index;

--- Page 175 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 163 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Observation Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Specified Level with respect to such 
Index determined with respect to the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In 
Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable); 
"Observation Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Index: 
[Observation Index Level
Initial Index Level
] 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index Basket other than an Index Basket in respect of which "Average 
Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Index Basket: 
[Observation Index Basket Level
Initial Index Basket Level
] 
(iii) 
in relation to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Level", "Lowest Level" or "Average 
Level" are specified as being applicable, the Observation Index Performance in 
respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Index Performance of each Index comprising the Basket in respect of the relevant 
Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (as applicable) as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Index Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) 
shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such 
Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Index comprising the 
Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest 
Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Index Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) 
shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such 
Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Index comprising the 
Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four

--- Page 176 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 164 - 
70-41030487 
 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest 
Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; 
"Observation Securities Basket Price" mean, in respect of a Securities Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Observation 
Security Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Observation 
Security Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Observation Security Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Security: 
[Observation Security Price
Initial Security Price
] 
(ii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket other than a Securities Basket in respect of which 
"Average Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a 
percentage (rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Securities Basket: 
[Observation Securities Basket Price
Initial Securities Basket Price
] 
(iii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Price", "Lowest Price" or "Average Price" 
are specified as being applicable, the Observation Security Performance in respect 
of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-
In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) shall be the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Security 
Performance of each Security comprising the Basket in respect of the relevant 
Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (as applicable) as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Security Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as 
applicable) shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable 
to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Security 
comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average 
Basket – Lowest Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Security Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as

--- Page 177 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 165 - 
70-41030487 
 
applicable) shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable 
to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Security 
comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average 
Basket – Highest Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; 
"Observation Security Price" means, in respect of a Security, the Specified Price with respect to 
such Security determined with respect to the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or 
Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable); 
"Offshore RMB" means RMB that is freely deliverable between accounts in the Offshore RMB 
Centre in accordance with the law and applicable regulation and guidelines issued by relevant 
authorities in the Offshore RMB Centre prevailing as of the Trade Date of the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Centre" means either Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan or any other jurisdiction 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Offshore RMB Disruption" means the occurrence of, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
an Offshore RMB Inconvertibility, Offshore RMB Non-transferability or Offshore RMB 
Illiquidity; 
"Offshore RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes 
it impossible (where it has previously been possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an 
offer price in respect of any amount in Offshore RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay an 
amount under the Notes (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"), in each case on the due date for 
payment or Valuation Date (as the case may be), either in one transaction or a commercially 
reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant 
Disrupted Amount, in the general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre 
in order to perform its obligations under the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that 
makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of 
Offshore RMB no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount into or from USD (or, if the Settlement 
Currency specified in the Final Terms is other than USD, then such Settlement Currency) in the 
general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Offshore RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence in each Offshore RMB Centre of 
any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for 
the Issuer to transfer Offshore RMB (i) between accounts inside an Offshore RMB Centre, (ii) 
from an account inside an Offshore RMB Centre to an account outside such Offshore RMB Centre 
and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore RMB Centre and outside the 
PRC to an account inside such Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). For the purpose of Offshore RMB Non-Transferability and Hong Kong as 
an Offshore RMB Centre only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the 
People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to 
be an account inside Hong Kong; 
"Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts" means, in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Coupon Trigger Amounts in respect of the Non-
Trigger Valuation Dates falling after the last Coupon Trigger Valuation Date on which a Coupon 
Trigger Event occurred (if any);

--- Page 178 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 166 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has adopted 
or adopts the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Participation " means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
if no such percentage is specified, the Participation shall be 100%; 
"Performance Observation Period" means, with respect to: 
(i) 
the Strike Date, the period from and including the "Strike Observation Start Date" to 
and including the "Strike Observation End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Strike Observation Period"); 
(ii) 
the Final Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Final Valuation 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Final Valuation Observation End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Performance Observation 
Period"); 
(iii) 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the 
"Autocall Observation Start Date" to and including the "Autocall Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Observation Period"); 
(iv) 
any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Coupon Trigger 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Coupon Trigger Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Coupon Trigger Observation 
Period"); 
(v) 
any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In Coupon 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Coupon Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In Coupon Observation 
Period"); 
(vi) 
any Barrier Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Barrier Observation 
Start Date" to and including the "Barrier Observation End Date", each as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Barrier Observation Period"); and 
(vii) 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In 
Redemption Observation Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Redemption 
Observation End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Redemption Observation Period"); 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means (i) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of 
relevant Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Securities to existing holders whether by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or (ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Securities of (A) such Securities 
or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Underlying Company equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Securities or (C) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or (iii) an Extraordinary Dividend; or (iv) a call by the 
Underlying Company in respect of relevant Securities that are not fully paid; or (v) a repurchase 
by the Underlying Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Securities whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or (vi) 
in respect of the Underlying Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the Underlying Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or (vii) any other event that may have a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities; or (viii) any other event 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 179 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 167 - 
70-41030487 
 
With respect to Depository Receipts, "Potential Adjustment Event" shall also include (x) the 
occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (viii) (inclusive) above in respect of the relevant 
Underlying Securities, provided that the occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (vi) 
(inclusive) in respect of the relevant Underlying Securities shall not constitute a Potential 
Adjustment Event unless, the Calculation Agent determines that such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Securities and (y) the making of any amendment 
or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement; 
"PRC" means, solely for the purpose stated herein, the People's Republic of China excluding the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong") and 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in relation to the Relevant Rate, such Relevant Rate is not 
available for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Protection Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means: 
(i) 
where the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
where the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the rate of interest determined in accordance with Conditions 4B(c) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA), 4B(d) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – ISDA Determination) or 4B(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions – 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA), as applicable; 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Calculation and Rounding); 
"Redemption Rate" means the percentage in excess of 100% specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redenomination Date" means a date (being, in the case of interest-bearing Notes, a date on which 
interest in respect of such Notes is payable) which: 
(i) 
is specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8(a) 
(Redenomination – General); and 
(ii) 
falls on or after such date as the country of the Settlement Currency becomes a 
Participating Member State; 
"Reference Bank(s)" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Dealers" means leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either BBR, LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 180 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 168 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Related Exchange" means, subject to the proviso below, in respect of an Index or Security, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index or Security in the relevant Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security 
as on the original Related Exchange) provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified 
as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean in respect 
of an Index or Security each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index or Security, as the case may be; 
"Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the amount payable is 
calculated by reference to the Relevant Rate determined on the related Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a Bearer Note 
for a Registered Note where such request for exchange is made to the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Transfer Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Transfer Agent is located; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
each Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option or other interest rate, yield, cost of fund or 
similar rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Reference 
Rate or Floating Rate Option); 
(b) 
each Relevant Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes 
(or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such 
Relevant Rate); 
(c) 
each Index specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Index); 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such Notes. 
To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source constitutes an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), such index, benchmark or price source, as applicable, shall be a "Relevant 
Benchmark" from the day on which it is first used; 
"Relevant Benchmark Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and a 
Relevant Benchmark, a date on which such Relevant Benchmark falls to be determined in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
"Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, a 
Relevant Benchmark and a Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, any payment date under the

--- Page 181 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 169 - 
70-41030487 
 
Notes for which the amount payable is calculated by reference to the Relevant Benchmark as 
determined on such Relevant Benchmark Determination Date; 
"Relevant Currency" means: 
(i) 
"AUD" which is the lawful currency of Australia; 
(ii) 
"CHF" which is the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
(iii) 
"EUR" which is the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
(iv) 
"GBP" which is the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and 
(v) 
"USD" which is the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Currency Business Day" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate that is the Alternative 
Payment Currency Exchange Rate or Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate or Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate, an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Final Performance" means the Final Index Performance or Final Security 
Performance, as applicable; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre or centres for the currency in which 
payment falls to be made (or, where such currency is a National Currency Unit and the Notes have 
been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination), the former principal 
financial centre or centres) and in any other place set out in the Final Terms. In the case of payments 
which fall to be made in euro (save for payments in relation to Notes which have been 
redenominated into euros pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination)), a Euro Business Day. The 
Relevant Financial Centre Days in relation to any Tranche determined in accordance with the above 
provisions as at the Issue Date shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is 
denominated, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, (iii) a 
group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; 
"Relevant Observation Performance" means the Observation Index Performance or Observation 
Security Performance, as applicable; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate, Alternative Payment 
Cross Currency Rate or Settlement Currency Exchange Rate (as applicable); 
"Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is an Index, 
Condition 17(c) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Cancellation), as if the relevant 
Benchmark Trigger Event were an Index Cancellation; and

--- Page 182 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 170 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
in relation to any Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is a Relevant 
Rate, if "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), as if the 
relevant Benchmark Trigger Event were a Price Source Disruption; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Replacement DRs" means, if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated, any depository 
receipts which the Calculation Agent determines, in accordance with Condition 21 (Events relating 
to DR-Linked Notes) are to replace the Depository Receipts constituted by such terminated Deposit 
Agreement; 
"Replacement Index" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A(b)(ii)(A) (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event); 
"Return Threshold" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Final Averaging Date" means the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Final Observation Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Observation Date; 
"Scheduled FX Fixing Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price 
Source Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index or a Security (as applicable) (a) any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange 
Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and 
(ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session or (c) 
any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Securities" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the equity securities, debt securities (including 
without limitation Government Bonds), depository receipts or other securities or property, as 
adjusted pursuant to Condition 18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 19 
(Additional Disruption Events), to which such Notes relate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and subject, in the case of a Series of Notes linked to Depositary Receipts, to the provisions of 
Condition 21 (Events relating to DR–Linked Notes) or in the case of a Series of Notes linked to

--- Page 183 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 171 - 
70-41030487 
 
Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 20 (Adjustments where the Securities are Units in 
an ETF) and Condition 22 (Notes linked to Units in an ETF – General) and "Security" shall be 
construed accordingly; 
"Securities Basket" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the basket of Securities to which such 
Notes relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 19 (Additional 
Disruption Events) and "Securities Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Settlement Currency as 
published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index or a Security, the period of Clearing System 
Business Days following a trade in the relevant Security or the securities underlying such Index, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such 
period); 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
"SOR" means the synthetic rate for deposits in Singapore Dollars known as the Singapore Dollar 
Swap Offer Rate provided by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd., as the administrator 
of the benchmark (or a successor administrator); 
"SORA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Singapore Overnight Rate Average; 
"Specified Denomination" means, with respect to a Note in definitive form, the Denomination of 
such Note; 
"Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day or 
such other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Level" means, with respect to an Index, if the Specified Level with respect to the 
relevant Valuation Date is specified to be: 
(i) 
"Single Observation", the Closing Level of such Index on the Valuation Date for which 
the performance of the Index is to be determined; 
(ii) 
"Highest Level", the highest Closing Level of the Index over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
"Lowest Level", the lowest Closing Level of such Index over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
"Average Level", the arithmetic average of the Closing Levels of such Index over the 
Averaging Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up);

--- Page 184 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 172 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Specified Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, with respect to a Security, if the Specified Price with respect to the 
relevant determination of performance is specified to be: 
(i) 
"Single Observation", the Closing Price of such Security on the Valuation Date for which 
the performance of the Security is to be determined; 
(ii) 
"Highest Price", the highest Closing Price of the Security over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
"Lowest Price", the lowest Closing Price of such Security over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
"Average Price", the arithmetic average of the Closing Prices of such Security over the 
Averaging Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up). 
"Strike Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Strike Date in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next 
date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Substitute Index" means, in respect of an Index, a successor index identified by the Calculation 
Agent using commercially reasonable efforts, with characteristics, objectives and rules similar to 
such index in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the Index Cancellation; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system, or any successor thereto; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Underlying Company, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating 
to the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or on any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes); or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Index or the Securities on any relevant Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple 
Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any

--- Page 185 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 173 - 
70-41030487 
 
Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Underlying" means either an "Underlying Index" or an "Underlying Security"; 
"Underlying Company" means the issuer of the Security as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, each of the Depository and the issuer of the relevant 
Underlying Security, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 18 
(Adjustments and Events affecting Securities), and subject, in the case of a Series of Notes linked 
to Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 22 (Notes linked to Units in an ETF – General); 
"Underlying Index", in relation to an ETF, means each index to which such ETF relates; 
"Underlying Security" means, with respect to DR-Linked Notes and a Depository Receipt, the 
security and any other property to which such Depository Receipt relates; 
"Unit", in relation to an ETF, has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, a day, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is not a Relevant Currency Business Day and the market was not aware of 
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until on or later than the second Relevant Currency Business Day (or such other 
number of Relevant Currency Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
preceding the Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Index or a Security (as applicable), a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Final 
Valuation Date, Barrier Valuation Date, Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, or Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
(as applicable) does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means the Strike Date, the Final Valuation Date, any Barrier Valuation Date, 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, any 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date or any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date; 
"Valuation Time" means (a) in relation to each Security to be valued or each Index (other than a 
Multiple Exchange Index) the level of which falls to be determined on any date, the time on such 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such date in relation to such Index or Security, as 
applicable. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation 
Time shall be such actual closing time; or (b) in relation to a Multiple Exchange Index for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred: 
(i) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security, and (ii) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such 
Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange for such Index; and (c) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor and/or set out in the Index Rules for such Index (as applicable); 
"Weighting" means, in respect of each Index or Security (as applicable) comprised in the relevant 
Basket, the percentage weighting assigned to such Index or Security and specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Index" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Level of each Index in the Basket has been

--- Page 186 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 174 - 
70-41030487 
 
determined, the Index for which the Specified Level of such Index determined with respect to such 
day divided by the Initial Index Level for such Index is lowest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
"Worst Performing Security" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Price of each Security in the Basket has been 
determined, the Security for which the Specified Price of such Security determined with respect to 
such day divided by the Initial Security Price for such Security is lowest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
or in uncertificated registered form ("Uncertificated Registered Notes") as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes issued in definitive form are referred to as "Definitive 
Notes". Definitive Notes will be serially numbered. In the case of Registered Notes, a 
certificate will be issued to each Noteholder in respect of its registered holding. Each such 
certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in 
the register (the "Register") maintained by the Registrar in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Denomination 
Subject to Condition 8 (Redenomination), Bearer Notes will be in the 
denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes of one 
denomination will not be exchangeable after their initial delivery for Notes of any 
other denomination. 
(ii) 
General; Title 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery Coupons, presentation of 
which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances 
specified below. Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will also, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, a 
Talon for further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context 
so permits, include Talons. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes will pass by delivery. References 
herein to the "Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Coupons are to the bearers of such 
Bearer Notes or such Coupons. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agents and the Registrar may deem and treat the Holder of any Bearer 
Note or of any Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for the purpose of receiving payment on account 
thereof and for all other purposes. 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Denomination 
Registered Notes will be in the denomination(s) and multiples specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 187 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 175 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
General; Title 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the Register. References herein 
to the "Holders" of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such 
Registered Notes are so registered in the Register. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agents and the Registrar may deem and treat the person in whose name 
any Registered Note is registered (and, if more than one, the first named thereof) 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for the purpose of receiving payment on account thereof and for all other 
purposes. 
(iii) 
Regulations concerning transfer and registration of Registered Notes 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject 
to the detailed regulations (the "Regulations") concerning exchange and transfer 
of Registered Notes scheduled to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. The 
Regulations may be amended, supplemented or replaced by the Issuer with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar but without the consent of the Holders of 
any Notes. A copy of the current Regulations are available for inspection during 
usual business hours at the specified office of the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents. 
(d) 
Uncertificated Registered Notes 
The Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be issued in uncertificated registered form in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any 
modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the "Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations"). The Uncertificated Registered Notes are participating securities 
for the purposes of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Title to the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes is recorded on the relevant Operator (as defined below) register of 
corporate securities. The CREST Registrar on behalf of the Issuer shall maintain a record 
of uncertified corporate securities (the "Record") in relation to the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the 
Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the rules of the Operator. 
Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record 
as the holder of a particular number of Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be treated by 
the Issuer and the CREST Registrar as the holder of such number of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "Holder" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the Issuer and the 
CREST Registrar shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done 
by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the 
Record which the CREST Registrar maintains are in accordance with particulars entered 
in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the Uncertificated Registered 
Notes. 
Uncertificated Registered Notes will be in the denomination(s) and multiples specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Title to Uncertificated Registered Notes will pass upon registration of the transfer in the 
Operator register of corporate securities. All transactions in relation to Uncertificated 
Registered Notes (including transfers of Uncertificated Registered Notes) in the open 
market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the Operator subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Operator. 
No provision of these Conditions as amended in accordance with the relevant Final Terms 
shall (notwithstanding anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that 
it is in any respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of title to Uncertificated Registered 
Notes in uncertificated form, (II) the transfer of title to Uncertificated Registered Notes by

--- Page 188 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 176 - 
70-41030487 
 
means of a relevant system or (III) the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything 
contained in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms, so long as the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes are participating securities, (A) the Operator register of corporate 
securities relating to the Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be maintained at all times 
in the United Kingdom, (B) the Uncertificated Registered Notes may be issued in 
uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to any Uncertificated Registered Note shall remain applicable 
notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such Uncertificated 
Registered Note. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating 
securities", "record of uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as 
defined in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such 
term is used in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations) is CREST (or any additional or 
alternative operator from time to time approved by the Issuer and the CREST Registrar in 
relation to the Uncertificated Registered Notes and in accordance with the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations. Any reference herein to the "Operator" shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative 
Operator from time to time and notified to the holders of the Uncertificated Registered 
Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If at any time: 
(i) 
a Noteholder ceases for any reason to be a member of CREST; or 
(ii) 
the Uncertificated Registered Notes cease for any reason to be participating 
securities capable of being held in CREST, 
then the Issuer shall, in accordance with the rules and procedures governing CREST, 
ensure that Registered Notes are issued in exchange for the Uncertificated Registered 
Notes and that such Registered Notes are registered in such names as the Operator shall 
notify to the Issuer. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and, at their date of issue, (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer for the time being outstanding. 
4. 
Interest 
4A. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Subject to Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed), this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other 
redemption amount, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or

--- Page 189 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 177 - 
70-41030487 
 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the 
Calculation Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment, in which case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one denomination (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a 
global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated 
Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (as defined in 
Condition 1 (Definitions)) (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention). Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, or the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of 
Uncertificated Registered Notes, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note 
or, as the case may be, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Aggregate 
Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be the product of (1) the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) of interest payable in relation to the Calculation Amount and (2) 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
4B. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Subject to Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating), this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Floating Rate Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other 
redemption amount, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or

--- Page 190 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 178 - 
70-41030487 
 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the 
Calculation Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment, in which case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA 
If Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis subject always to the provisions of Condition 
13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears in 
the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appears in the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of sub-paragraph (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, then: 
(a) 
if ISDA Determination for Fall-back provisions is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then, subject to the penultimate 
paragraph of this Condition 4B(c) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA), the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with Condition 4B(d) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions – ISDA Determination) on the basis of the 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date and other 
items (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as if fewer than the minimum number of 
Reference Banks specified therein had quoted; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference 
Rate in the Relevant Currency at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal 
financial centre of the Settlement Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Settlement Currency to leading European banks for a period

--- Page 191 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 179 - 
70-41030487 
 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that in 
its opinion (x) there is no realistic prospect of the Reference 
Banks providing the quotations specified in (iii)(b)(1) above or 
(y) any such quotations are unlikely to be representative of an 
underlying market: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall not be required to request 
the quotations specified in (iii)(b)(1) above or to make 
the determination specified in (iii)(b)(3) above; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine 
a rate by reference to such other sources and/or 
methodology as it considers appropriate, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to (or where the above proviso applies, elects not to) determine a rate or 
(as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period: (i) subject to (ii) below, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period; or (ii) if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes for which no Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this 
Condition 4B (Interest –Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the 
rate applicable to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for 
which Condition 4A (Interest –Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination for Fall-back 
provisions is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the Calculation Agent may be required to determine 
the relevant Floating Rate by reference to the rates provided by 
certain financial institutions selected by it in accordance with the 
ISDA Definitions in circumstances in which Condition 4B(c)(iii)(a) 
(Interest - Floating Rate Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination 
for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA) applies. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specifies either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions; 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Option" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 192 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 180 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
the "Designated Maturity" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant "Reset Date" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging 
with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c)

--- Page 193 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 181 - 
70-41030487 
 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the final Interest Period End 
Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specifies "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
provided, however, that: 
(1) 
if in relation to any Interest Period the application of the above provisions 
does not result in the determination of an ISDA Rate for any Interest 
Period and if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) has 
not determined that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in relation 
to a Relevant Benchmark relating to the Notes, then (a) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period having 
regard to such facts and circumstances as it considers relevant and (b) the 
Calculation Agent shall not be required to obtain quotations from 
Reference Banks (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for purposes of 
determining the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period notwithstanding that 
it might otherwise be required to do so as a fallback procedure for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions; and 
(2) 
if in relation to any Interest Period the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event has 
occurred in relation to a Relevant Benchmark relating to the Notes then 
(a) the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) shall apply and (b) the Calculation Agent shall not be 
required to obtain quotations from Reference Banks (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) for purposes of determining the ISDA Rate for such 
Interest Period notwithstanding that it might otherwise be required to do 
so as a fallback procedure for the relevant Floating Rate Option pursuant 
to the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 194 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 182 - 
70-41030487 
 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate(s) is/are to be determined, then the 
Calculation Agent may be required to determine the relevant Floating Rate by 
reference to the rates provided by certain financial institutions selected by it in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions if (a) the Floating Rate Option specified in the 
Final Terms refers expressly to "Reference Banks" in its title or (b) the primary 
method for determining the ISDA Rate in accordance with the ISDA Definitions fails 
for any reason (unless the Final Terms specify that ISDA Reference Banks Fallbacks 
are not applicable). 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR 
or SORA 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the Relevant Rate, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period. 
(ii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iii) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable 
on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes 
being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(iv) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the Observation 
Period relating to such Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Lag", "Lock-Out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the Applicable Period. 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) IndexStart to (but 
excluding) IndexEnd. 
"d0" means the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable 
Period. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Reference Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Reference Rate Business Day in the 
Applicable Period (each a "Reference Rate Business Day(i)").

--- Page 195 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 183 - 
70-41030487 
 
"IndexEnd" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period. 
"IndexStart" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period. 
"Index Value" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index for such Reference 
Rate Business Day as published by authorised redistributors on such 
Reference Rate Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded 
Index cannot be obtained from such authorised redistributors, as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England's 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or on such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA Compounded Index) on the next following Reference Rate 
Business Day; provided, however, that in the event that the value 
originally so published is corrected on such Reference Rate Business 
Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference 
Rate Business Day; and 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value of the SOFR Index published by Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind (or on such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SOFR Index) at or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, that in the 
event that the value originally so published is subsequently corrected and 
such corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate on the original date of publication, 
then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference 
Rate Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website. 
"ni" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the next following Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Non-Reset Date" means each Reference Rate Business Day(i) in an Applicable 
Period, the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to which falls on or 
after the Rate Cut-Off Date (if any). 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period (and in respect of the first Interest Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is 
"p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable).

--- Page 196 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 184 - 
70-41030487 
 
"p" means the whole number specified as such in the Final Terms representing a 
number of Reference Rate Business Days; 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means: 
(A) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms and "SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Reference Rate Business Day 
immediately prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms and a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the 
relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any Interest Period, the second 
Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination 
Date; 
(C) 
where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and: 
(I) 
"SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, the 
Reference Rate Business Day immediately prior to the Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the final Interest Period only; 
(II) 
a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of any Interest Period other than the final 
Interest Period, the second Reference Rate Business 
Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date in 
relation to the final Interest Period only; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the final Interest Period, the second 
Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the 
Interest Determination Date; and 
(D) 
in any other circumstances, no Rate Cut-Off Date shall apply. 
"Reference Rate" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA (or any successor administrator 
of such rate) to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the Reference 
Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business 
Day; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
published at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding Reference Rate 
Business Day for trades made on such Reference Rate Business Day; 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such 
Reference Rate Business Day as published by the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at

--- Page 197 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 185 - 
70-41030487 
 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") on the Reference 
Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business 
Day; or 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Singapore Overnight Rate 
Average ("SORA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as 
provided by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as the administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) ("MAS"), on the 
website of the MAS currently at http://www.mas.gov.sg or any successor 
website officially designated by the MAS (or as published by its 
authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate Business Day immediately 
following such Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Reference Rate(i)" or "REFi" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business 
Day(i), the Reference Rate for the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation 
to such Reference Rate Business Day(i), provided that where either "Lock Out" 
or "Payment Delay" are specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) in respect of each Interest Non-Reset Date (if 
any) in an Applicable Period shall be Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) as determined 
in relation to the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Euro Business Day; or 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public holiday) 
on which commercial banks settle payments in Singapore. 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i): 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Reference Rate Business Day falling "p" Reference Rate 
Business Days prior to such Reference Rate Business Day(i); and 
(B) 
otherwise, such Reference Rate Business Day(i); 
"Relevant Rate" means with respect to an Interest Period: 
(A) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms (or is deemed to be not applicable as set out in the 
proviso to paragraph (B) below): 
(I) 
where "Compounded Daily Rate" is specified as the 
Determination Method in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
applicable Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms as

--- Page 198 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 186 - 
70-41030487 
 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated as 
follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) 
in the case of SONIA, €STR and SORA to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001%), with 0.00005% 
being rounded upwards; and (ii) in the case of SOFR to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001%), with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ REFi×ni
Y
) -1
do
i=1
] × Y
d 
(II) 
where "Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the 
Determination Method in the relevant Final Terms the arithmetic 
mean of Reference Rate(i) for each Reference Rate Business 
Day during such Applicable Period (each "Reference Rate 
Business Day(i)"), calculated by multiplying the relevant 
Reference Rate(i) for any Reference Rate Business Day(i) by the 
number of days such Reference Rate(i) is in effect (being the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such Reference 
Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the next following 
Reference Rate Business Day), determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Applicable Period; or 
(B) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the rate calculated as follows, with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) in the case of SONIA, €STR and 
SORA to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0001%), with 0.00005% being rounded upwards and (ii) in the case of 
SOFR to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001%), with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
( IndexEnd
IndexStart
-1) × Y
dc
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any reason to 
determine IndexEnd or IndexStart in relation to any Interest Period, the Relevant 
Rate shall be calculated for such Interest Period as if RFR Index Determination 
had been specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms (and 
accordingly paragraph (A)(I) of this definition and "Observation Shift" and 
"Standard Shift" will apply). 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof). 
"Y" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no number 
is so specified, a number reflecting the denominator for day count fractions 
customarily used to calculate floating rate interest amounts on instruments 
denominated in the Specified Currency and with an original maturity equal to that 
of the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event) (as applicable): 
(A) 
if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant

--- Page 199 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 187 - 
70-41030487 
 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors in respect of the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date, Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of SONIA if the 
administrator of SONIA is a national central bank, or (ii) if the national 
central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation 
or the administrator of SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee 
designated for this purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct 
Authority (or any successor thereto) and the Bank of England and as 
provided by the then administrator or provider of that rate, or if that rate 
is not provided by the then administrator or provider thereof, published 
by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day (the "GBP 
Recommended Rate"); 
(B) 
if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the GBP Recommended Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provision, the Reference Rate in respect 
of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the official bank rate as 
determined by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England 
and published by the Bank of England last provided or published as at 
close of business in London on such Reference Rate Business Day(i); 
and 
(C) 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period); 
provided, however, that if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for 
which no Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this Condition 
4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the rate 
applicable to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for 
which Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
(vi) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as provided in the 
relevant definition thereof for the related Reference Rate Determination 
Date, and: 
(I) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms a SOFR Transition Event and a related 
SOFR Replacement Date have not both occurred; or 
(II) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred, 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
shall be the Reference Rate in respect of the last Reference Rate Business

--- Page 200 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 188 - 
70-41030487 
 
Day prior to the related Reference Rate Determination Date for which 
such Reference Rate was so published as provided in the relevant 
definition thereof. 
(B) 
Where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if; 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determines that a SOFR Transition Event and the 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in relation to the 
Reference Rate (or any SOFR Replacement Rate previously 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(e)(vi) on the 
Reference Rate Business Day on which a determination of 
Reference Rate is due to be made, 
the SOFR Replacement Rate will replace the then-current Reference Rate 
for all purposes and in respect of all determinations on such Reference 
Rate Business Day and (without prejudice to the further operation of this 
Condition 4(e)(vi) all subsequent determinations; provided that, if the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or its designee (in consultation with the Issuer) is unable to or 
does not determine a SOFR Replacement Rate in accordance with the 
provisions below prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the interest rate for the related Interest 
Period will be equal to (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period); provided, 
however, that if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which no 
Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this Condition 4B 
(Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the rate applicable to the 
Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for which Condition 4A 
(Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
(C) 
If "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if: 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determines that a SOFR Index Cessation Event and 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred (the first 
date on which (I) and (II) occur, being the "Rate Switch Date"),

--- Page 201 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 189 - 
70-41030487 
 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
shall be the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate 
may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or 
spreads) as determined in relation to related Reference Rate 
Determination Date for such Reference Rate Business Day(i); provided, 
however, that, if no such rate has been recommended within one 
Reference Rate Business Day of the Rate Switch Date, then: 
(1) 
subject to (2) below, Reference Rate(i) in relation to each 
Reference Rate Business Day(i) falling on or after the Rate 
Switch Date shall be equal to the rate determined in accordance 
with the definition of Reference Rate(i) or Condition 
4B(e)(iv)(A) (as applicable), but as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to "Reference Rate 
Business Day" were to "New York Fed Business Day", 
but so that in the case of the Applicable Period in which 
the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date occurred, 
"d0" shall be construed so that it means the aggregate of 
(x) the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the 
Applicable Period up to (but excluding) the Rate Switch 
Date and (y) the number of New York Fed Business 
Days in the Applicable Period relating to such Interest 
Period from (and including) the Rate Switch Date (and 
"i" shall be construed accordingly); 
(bb) 
references to "daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate" 
were to the "daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate"; 
(cc) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" were 
references to "OBFR Index Cessation Event"; and 
(dd) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" 
were references to "OBFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date"; and 
(2) 
if, (A) in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published 
as provided in (1) above for the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date and (B) an OBFR Index Cessation Event 
and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date have both 
occurred (the first date on which (A) and (B) occur, being the 
"OBFR Switch Date"), then, in relation to each Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) falling on or after the later of the Rate Switch 
Date and the OBFR Switch Date, Reference Rate(i) shall be 
equal to the rate determined in accordance with the definition of 
Reference Rate(i) or Condition 4B(e)(v)(B) (as applicable), but 
as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to "Reference Rate 
Business Day" were to "New York Fed Business Day", 
but so that in the case of the Applicable Period in which 
the OBFR Switch Date occurred, "d0" shall be construed 
so that it means the aggregate of (x) the number of 
Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable Period

--- Page 202 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 190 - 
70-41030487 
 
up to (but excluding) the OBFR Switch Date and (y) the 
number of New York Fed Business Days in the 
Applicable Period relating to such Interest Period from 
(and including) the OBFR Switch Date (and "i" shall be 
construed accordingly); and 
(bb) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(v) to the "daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at or 
around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding 
Reference Rate Business Day for trades made on such 
Reference Rate Business Day" were a reference to the 
short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee, as published on the Federal 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference 
Rate Determination Date, or if the Federal Open Market 
Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee, as published on the Federal 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference 
Rate Determination Date (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest second decimal place with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards); 
(D) 
The Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) may at any time, 
specify any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (without prejudice 
to the further operation of this Condition 4B(e)(vi) and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders of the relevant Series or of the 
Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto shall be required in 
connection with effecting such changes, including for the execution of 
any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the 
parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). The Issuer shall promptly 
following determination of any changes pursuant to this Condition 
4B(e)(vi) give notice thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the 
Calculation Agent) (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)). 
(E) 
Definitions 
"designee" means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer. 
"Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Board of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
currently 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any successor website; 
"ISDA Definitions" means (for the purposes of this Condition 
4B(e)(vi)(E)) the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Reference Rate 
for the applicable tenor.

--- Page 203 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 191 - 
70-41030487 
 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Reference Rate 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
"New York Fed Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Fedwire Securities Services or the Fedwire 
Funds Service of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to an OBFR 
Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate) ceases to publish the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
or the date as of which the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no 
longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or 
provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide a daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Reference 
Rate means (1) if the Reference Rate is SOFR, the time specified for such 
determination specified in the definition of the Reference Rate, and (2) if 
the Reference Rate is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the 
Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to 
the SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"SIFMA" means the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor thereto;

--- Page 204 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 192 - 
70-41030487 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) ceases to publish the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate, or the date as of which the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate may no longer be used; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to publish or 
provide a daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the use of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation, 
to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee (in consultation with the Issuer) as of the SOFR Replacement 
Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustments, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Reference Rate with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time. 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any SOFR Replacement Rate or a replacement rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 4B(e)(vi)(B) (the "Relevant Replacement

--- Page 205 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 193 - 
70-41030487 
 
Rate"), changes to (1) any Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment 
Date, Effective Interest Payment Date, Reference Time, Business Day 
Convention or Interest Period, (2) the manner, timing and frequency of 
determining the rate and amounts of interest that are payable on the Notes 
during the Interest Period and the conventions relating to such 
determination and calculations with respect to interest, (3) rounding 
conventions, (4) tenors and (5) any other terms or provisions of the Notes 
during the Interest Period, in each case that the Issuer (in consultation, to 
the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee (in consultation with Issuer) determine, from time to time, to be 
appropriate to reflect the determination and implementation of the 
Relevant Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in 
consultation with the Issuer) decide that implementation of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or determine that 
no market practice for use of the Relevant Replacement Rate exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, 
with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determine is appropriate (acting in good faith)). 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event," the later of (i) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date 
on which the administrator of the Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Replacement 
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination. 
"SOFR Replacement Rate" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee 
(in consultation with the Issuer) as of the SOFR Replacement Date. 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) as the replacement for the then-current Reference 
Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a

--- Page 206 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 194 - 
70-41030487 
 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a SOFR Replacement Rate 
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same 
length (disregarding business day adjustments) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Reference Rate. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Reference Rate (or such component), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
(or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Reference Rate (or such component) or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer representative. 
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement Rate 
excluding the SOFR Replacement Rate Adjustment. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "€STR" or "SORA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event) (as applicable), if, in respect of any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Applicable Period, the Reference Rate has not 
been published as provided in the definition thereof in respect of the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date (the "Relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date"), Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) shall be the Reference Rate as determined on the Reference Rate 
Business Day preceding the Relevant Reference Rate Determination Date on 
which the Reference Rate has been published as provided in the definition thereof.

--- Page 207 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 195 - 
70-41030487 
 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of the Notes for such Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a 
global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated 
Registered Notes notwithstanding that the formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms may provide for calculation in relation to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (as 
defined in Condition 1 (Definitions)) (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention). Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, or the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of 
Uncertificated Registered Notes, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note 
or, as the case may be, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Aggregate 
Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be the product of (1) the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) of interest payable in relation to the Calculation Amount and (2) 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than an 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above 
paragraph but as if reference therein to "Interest Period" were to such other period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date (whether 
as a result of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event or for any other 
reason) interest shall be payable with respect to the period from and including the most 
recent Interest Payment Date to but excluding the final date of redemption. 
(h) 
Dividend Equivalent Payments 
In respect of any Series of Notes where the principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes is determined by reference to one or more variables such as an index, formula, 
security, currency exchange rate, interest rate or other factor (each variable being a 
"Reference Asset" or, if it is comprised in a basket of variables, a "Reference Asset 
Component"), if the Final Terms in respect of such Notes states the Notes are "Section 
871(m) Notes", the Final Terms shall further specify whether the "Dividend Withholding" 
or "Issuer Withholding" approach to withholding in relation to Section 871(m) IRC shall 
be applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 208 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 196 - 
70-41030487 
 
If "Dividend Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall provide for the Issuer to make payments to Noteholders in respect of any 
dividend equivalent amounts received or deemed received in respect of any Reference 
Asset or Reference Asset Component and shall include provisions relating to the amount 
and timing of such payments. 
If "Issuer Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Terms shall 
specify whether any dividend equivalent amounts are to be treated as being reinvested 
during the term of the Notes and what portion thereof is expected as of the Issue Date to 
be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having been withheld from a payment 
due to the Noteholders 
(i) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s), to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
denomination, the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount 
but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Note having the minimum denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 4B 
(Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will be made by the 
Calculation Agent and will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
4C. 
Coupon Trigger Notes 
This Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is applicable where Coupon Trigger Event 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, subject to the additional provisions of 
Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon Event) and Condition 4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery Event) below. 
If a Coupon Trigger Event occurs in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, then the Issuer 
shall pay, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount 
equivalent to the Coupon Trigger Amount on the relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will cause any Coupon Trigger Amount required to be determined by it 
together with details of the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date to be notified to the Paying Agents as 
soon as practicable after such determination (including where such amount is payable following 
the occurrence of a Lock-In Coupon Event in accordance with Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon 
Event) below). 
If a Coupon Trigger Event does not occur in relation to a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, then no 
Coupon Trigger Amount under this Condition 4C shall be payable in respect of the Notes on the 
relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date.

--- Page 209 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 197 - 
70-41030487 
 
4D. 
Lock-In Coupon Event 
This Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon Event) is applicable to the Notes only if Lock-In Coupon 
Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
If a Lock-In Coupon Event occurs in relation to any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, then the 
Issuer shall, notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 4C (Coupon Trigger Notes) pay, 
in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equivalent 
to the Coupon Trigger Amount on each relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date falling on or after 
the relevant Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date. 
4E. 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event 
This Condition 4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery Event) shall apply if Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
If a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event occurs in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
then (in addition to any Coupon Trigger Amount that might be payable pursuant to Condition 4C) 
the Issuer shall pay, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation 
Amount equivalent to the Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts on the relevant Coupon Trigger 
Payment Date. 
If a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event does not occur in relation to a Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date, then no Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount shall be payable in respect of the Notes on the 
relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date under this Condition 4E (notwithstanding any amount 
which might be payable pursuant to Condition 4C). 
The Calculation Agent will cause any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts required to be 
determined by it together with details of the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date to be notified to the 
Paying Agents as soon as practicable after such determination. 
4F. 
Relevant Rate - Fixed 
If Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is further specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then this Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed) shall apply. 
Where this Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed) is applicable, to the extent that a "Coupon Trigger 
Amount" and/or "Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount" is payable in accordance with the relevant 
Condition, the quantum of any Coupon Trigger Amount (including such Coupon Trigger Amounts 
as are required to be calculated to determine any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts) shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4A (Fixed Rate Notes). 
4G. 
Relevant Rate - Floating 
If Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and "Relevant Rate – Floating" is further specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then this Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating) shall apply. 
Where this Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating) is applicable, to the extent that a "Coupon 
Trigger Amount" and/or "Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount" is payable in accordance with the 
relevant Condition, the quantum of any Coupon Trigger Amount (including such Coupon Trigger 
Amounts as are required to be calculated to determine any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts) 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4B (Floating Rate Notes). 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at an amount per Calculation Amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") in 
the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms determined in accordance

--- Page 210 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 198 - 
70-41030487 
 
with this Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity) together with 
Conditions 5(b) (Redemption Provisions) on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the scheduled date on which such Note is to be redeemed (the "Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the Final Valuation Date, calculate 
the Final Redemption Amount in relation to each Note. Subject to Condition 5(j) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) and Condition 5(c) (Lock-In 
Redemption) the Final Redemption Amount of a Note will be calculated in accordance 
with one of the following paragraphs of this Condition 5(b), depending on the type of Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Booster with Barrier Redemption 
If Booster with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, 100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(ii) 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption 
If Airbag with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and no Barrier Event has occurred, the result 
of the following formula: 
Max {Conditional Protection Percentage; 100%+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the result of 
the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or

--- Page 211 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 199 - 
70-41030487 
 
(D) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(iii) 
Barrier Redemption 
If Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and/or no Barrier Event has occurred, 100%; 
or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(iv) 
Digital with Barrier Redemption 
If Digital with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(v) 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption 
If Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}

--- Page 212 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 200 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(vi) 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption 
If Growth with Full Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {Protection Level Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
(vii) 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Growth with Partial Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
(viii) 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Digital with Partial Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance]

--- Page 213 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 201 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ix) 
Buffer Redemption 
If Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Strike Percentage, 100%; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike 
Percentage, the result of the following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(x) 
Booster with Buffer Redemption 
If Booster with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xi) 
Digital with Buffer Redemption 
If Digital with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage; 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or

--- Page 214 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 202 - 
70-41030487 
 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xii) 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption 
If Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xiii) 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Min[100% + Cap; Minimum Redemption Percentage + [Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the Minimum Redemption Percentage. 
(c) 
Lock-In Redemption 
If Lock-In Redemption Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding any provision of Condition 5(b), if a Lock-In Redemption Event has 
occurred with respect to the Notes, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
Lock-In Redemption Percentage.

--- Page 215 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 203 - 
70-41030487 
 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If in respect of a Series of Notes Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and: 
(i) 
on a subsequent date for the payment of interest on such Series of Notes the Issuer 
would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer were to seek to redeem such Notes (for which purpose no regard shall 
be had to whether or not the Issuer would otherwise be entitled to redeem such 
Notes), the Issuer would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice (ending, in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date) to the Noteholders in respect of 
such Series of Notes, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes, at their Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued 
and unpaid, if any, to the date fixed for redemption provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days (or in the case of Floating Rate Notes a 
number of days which is equal to the lesser of the aggregate of the number of days in the 
then current Interest Period plus 60 days and 90 days) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. 
Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons) the Issuer may obtain a certificate of an 
independent legal adviser or accountant to the effect either that such a circumstance does 
exist or that, upon a change in or amendment to the laws of the United Kingdom (including 
any regulations pursuant thereto), or in the interpretation or administration thereof, which 
at the date of such certificate is proposed and in the opinion of such legal adviser or 
accountant is reasonably expected to become effective on or prior to the date on which the 
relevant payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes would otherwise be made, 
becoming so effective, such circumstances would exist and any such certificate shall be 
sufficient to establish the circumstances required by this Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
(e) 
Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes 
This Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Autocallable 
Notes) applies only where Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs in relation to any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and subject to Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation 
and Rounding), the redemption amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon 
redemption of each Note shall be an amount per Calculation Amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
(f) 
Early Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate its obligations under the Notes, if the 
Calculation Agent shall have determined that the performance of such obligations under 
the Notes (or, the Issuer's or the Issuer's designated affiliates' obligations under any 
hedging arrangements established in connection therewith) shall after the Trade Date: 
(i) 
have become unlawful, or 
(ii) 
unless "Early Redemption for Impracticability" is specified as not applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, have become impracticable,

--- Page 216 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 204 - 
70-41030487 
 
in whole or in part, including, without limitation, as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any 
requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant obligations have become unlawful, the Issuer may obtain an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser to that effect prior to terminating its obligations under the Notes, 
and any such opinion shall be sufficient to establish the circumstances required by this 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality). In such 
circumstances the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(g) 
Purchases 
Each of the Issuer and any person directly or indirectly connected with the Issuer may at 
any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, and such Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, provided such Notes are held by the Issuer, at the option of 
the Issuer, reissued or cancelled. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At 
Maturity), 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes) or 5(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality) shall, and all Notes 
purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(g) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Purchases) may, at the option of the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith). All Notes redeemed or purchased and cancelled as aforesaid 
may not be re-issued or resold. 
(i) 
No Other Redemption Provisions 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity), 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Redemption for Autocallable Notes), 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
for Illegality), Condition 17 (Adjustments to Indices), Condition 18 (Adjustments and 
Events affecting Securities), Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events) and Condition 
21 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes). 
(j) 
Calculation and Rounding 
Any redemption amount payable on redemption of a Note (the "Redemption Amount") 
shall be calculated pursuant to this Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and in 
rounding any values determined or calculated in connection with such Redemption 
Amount, the Calculation Agent shall apply the following rounding conventions: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a 
global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, the Redemption Amount shall be calculated in relation to the 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes represented by such global 
Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated Registered Notes, rounded to 
the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention) notwithstanding that the 
formula specified in the relevant Final Terms may provide for the Redemption 
Amount to be calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being

--- Page 217 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 205 - 
70-41030487 
 
applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be calculated in relation to the 
Calculation Amount rounded to the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention). 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, or the Notes are represented by a global Note or global Notes or 
Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, the Redemption Amount 
shall be the product of (1) the amount (determined in the manner provided above) payable 
in relation to the Calculation Amount and (2) the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination or, as the case may be, the 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Taxation 
6A. 
Taxation – No gross-up 
This Condition 6A (Taxation – No gross-up) will be applicable to all Series of Notes unless it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold 
or deduct, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in connection with such 
withholding or deduction. 
6B. 
Taxation – Gross-up 
This Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) will only be applicable to a Series of Notes where it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that this Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. 
In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold or deduct, it will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, as the case may be, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes and/or, 
as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Note or Coupon who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of it having some connection with the United Kingdom or any other relevant 
jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
unless it is proved, in the case of Bearer Notes, to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Paying Agent to whom the same is presented, or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, to the satisfaction of the Registrar, that the Holder is unable to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by satisfying any statutory requirement or by making a 
declaration of non residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authorities or by notifying (and/or presenting evidence of such notification to) any tax 
authorities of such payment of principal or interest or by presenting the relevant Note or 
Coupon at the specified office of another Paying Agent;

--- Page 218 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 206 - 
70-41030487 
 
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (defined below) except, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; 
(d) 
in the case of Registered Notes, unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the Registrar that 
the Holder, immediately upon becoming the Holder, (i) was eligible for the benefits of a 
tax treaty with the United Kingdom or any other relevant jurisdiction that provides for a 
complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the Notes, or (ii) was 
otherwise entitled to a complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the 
Notes; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is not the sole beneficial owner of the 
Note or any Coupon, or a portion of either, or that is a fiduciary or partnership, but only 
to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner 
or member of the partnership would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional 
amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its 
beneficial or distributive share of the payment. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due 
but, in the case of Bearer Notes, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that 
effect shall have been duly given to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If the Issuer becomes resident for tax purposes in any taxing jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom, references in this Condition 6 (Taxation) to the United Kingdom shall be construed as 
references to the United Kingdom and/or such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest or both in respect of the relevant Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 6 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the principal amount payable on the relevant Notes on the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
the principal amount payable on redemption of the relevant Notes prior to such Maturity 
Date; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold 
or deduct any amounts permitted or required by the rules of IRC Section 871(m) or IRC 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("U.S. Permitted Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any U.S. Permitted Withholding deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other than an agent of 
the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of U.S. Permitted Withholding. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made against presentation (save in the case of partial payment, 
surrender of the relevant Note or, in the case of payments of interest, surrender of the 
relevant Coupon at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(subject to the next paragraph). No payments on Bearer Notes will be made by mail to an 
address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained by the Holder in the 
United States.

--- Page 219 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 207 - 
70-41030487 
 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes and exchanges of Talons 
for Coupon sheets will not be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the 
United States or its possessions (as defined in the IRC and Regulations thereunder) unless 
(a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such Notes when due or, as the 
case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United 
States law, in which case the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York City. 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Note is not both a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day and, if such Bearer Note is a Definitive Note or if the Final 
Terms so specify, a local banking day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to 
payment thereof until the next day which is such a day and no further payment on account 
of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is 
a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions). 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note other than a Fixed Rate Note, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating to such Definitive Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
Definitive Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes should be presented for payment with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, failing which the face value of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that portion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total amount of principal due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) for the payment of such principal, whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due. 
Notwithstanding the above, if any Definitive Notes should be issued with a Maturity Date 
and an interest rate or rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any such 
Definitive Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith, the amount required to be deducted would be greater than the amount otherwise 
due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption, such unmatured Coupons 
(whether or not attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that the amount required to be deducted would not be 
greater than the amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing 
sentence requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Note 
to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to 
Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
Upon any Definitive Notes becoming due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after 
the due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (save as provided 
above) in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). Each Talon shall, for the purpose 
of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for the payment of interest on 
which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.

--- Page 220 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 208 - 
70-41030487 
 
If (otherwise than by reason of the application of the above) the due date for redemption 
of any Bearer Note is not the due date for the payment of a Coupon appertaining thereto, 
interest accrued in respect of such Note from and including the last preceding due date for 
the payment of a Coupon (or from the Issue Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be) will be paid only against surrender of such Bearer Note and all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Payment of the amount due on final redemption in respect of Registered Notes will be 
made against presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of any such amount, 
surrender of the relevant certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or of the 
Transfer Agent. If the due date for payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other 
redemption amount, as the case may be, of any Registered Note is not both a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day and, if such Registered Note is not in global form or if the Final 
Terms so specify, a local banking day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to 
payment thereof until the next day which is such a day and no further payment on account 
of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is 
a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions). 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than on final 
redemption) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the 
case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the Register at the close of business 
(local time in the place of the specified office of the Registrar) on the fifteenth day prior 
to the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
Payment will be made in the currency in which such amount is due either by cheque posted 
to the Noteholder's registered address (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) not 
later than the relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the 
Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) has applied to the 
Registrar or to the Transfer Agent and the Registrar or, as the case may be, the Transfer 
Agent has acknowledged such application for payment to be made to a designated account 
denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency, in each case as specified in Condition 
7(d) (Payments – General Provisions). 
(c) 
Uncertificated Registered Notes 
The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid when due payments of principal and interest (if 
any) in respect of Uncertificated Registered Notes to the relevant Noteholder's cash 
memorandum account (as shown in the records of the Operator), such payment to be made 
in accordance with the rules of the Operator. Each of the persons shown in the Operator 
register of corporate securities as holder of a particular principal amount of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes must look solely to the settlement bank or institution at which its cash 
memorandum account is held for its share of each such payment so made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
(d) 
General Provisions 
The following provisions apply to both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes (and do not 
apply to Uncertificated Registered Notes). Subject to Condition 7(e) (Payments – Payment 
of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent), payments of amounts due (whether 
principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes will be made in the relevant Settlement 
Currency either by cheque or, at the option of the payee, by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Settlement Currency specified by the payee other than, for payments in respect 
of Bearer Notes, any such account in the United States. 
Payments and deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation).

--- Page 221 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 209 - 
70-41030487 
 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer reserves the right to require 
any person receiving payment of principal or, as the case may be, payment of interest with 
respect to any Note or Coupon to provide a Paying Agent with such certification or 
information as may be required to enable the Issuer or any parent or holding company of 
the Issuer or any subsidiary of any such parent or holding company to comply with the 
requirements of the U.S. Federal Income Tax laws or such other laws as the Issuer or any 
such parent or holding company or subsidiary thereof may be required to comply with. 
(e) 
Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent 
If: 
(i) 
"Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, or is applicable in accordance with the proviso to 
Condition 7(f)(Y); or 
(ii) 
a Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then, if by reason of a FX Disruption Event or a Clearing System Currency Eligibility 
Event, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of the Notes when due in the 
Settlement Currency, the Issuer may, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars or any other 
currency specified as the Alternative Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms on the 
due date at the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent of any such amount due. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 7(e) (Payments – Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent) by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. By acceptance thereof, purchasers 
of the Notes will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed and to have waived any 
and all actual or potential conflicts of interest that may arise as a result of the calculation 
of the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption 
(X) 
If "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then, if on any day on which the Calculation Agent is required to 
determine a Relevant Rate (a "Scheduled FX Fixing Date"): 
(A) 
a Price Source Disruption occurs, (other than as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday), the Calculation Agent shall: 
(1) 
determine the Relevant Rate by reference to the rate of exchange 
published by available recognised financial information vendors 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) on the Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date (the "Fallback Reference Price"); or 
(2) 
unless the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable, in 
the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
Fallback Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) 
above or the Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback 
Reference Price so determined does not accurately represent the 
rate which the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer 
would be able to obtain in the general foreign exchange market, 
the Calculation Agent will request four Reference Dealers to 
provide a quotation of their rate for the Relevant Rate as of the 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date. If at least two quotations are 
provided, the Relevant Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if (i) the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable and 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a Fallback

--- Page 222 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 210 - 
70-41030487 
 
Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) above or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback Reference Price 
so determined does not accurately represent the rate which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer would be able to 
obtain in the general foreign exchange market; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Rate determined 
in accordance with paragraph (2) above does not accurately 
represent the rate which the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer would be able to obtain in the general foreign 
exchange market; or (iii) fewer than 2 quotations are provided 
by Reference Dealers following the Calculation Agent's request 
pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Rate on the first succeeding Business 
Day on which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist; 
provided, however, that if the Price Source Disruption 
continues for thirty consecutive calendar days (or such other 
number of calendar days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (the "FX Cut-
off Date"), the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the Relevant Rate on that FX Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
an Unscheduled Holiday occurs (whether or not a Price Source 
Disruption also occurs), the Scheduled FX Fixing Date for such Relevant 
Rate and all other Relevant Rates which have the same Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date shall be postponed to the first succeeding Relevant Currency 
Business Day; provided, however that in the event that the Scheduled 
FX Fixing Date is postponed as a result of the occurrence of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (a "Postponed FX Fixing Day"), and if the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day has not occurred on or before the thirtieth 
consecutive calendar day (or such other number of calendar days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing 
Date (any such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after 
the Deferral Period that is or would have been a Relevant Currency 
Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day and the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the Relevant Rate on that Postponed FX Fixing Day. 
(Y) 
If at any time, a FX Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may elect to either: 
(A) 
unless Redemption following FX Disruption Event is specified as being 
not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, having given not less than five 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (and, if the FX Disruption Event occurs on a 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date on which there is a Price Source Disruption 
or Unscheduled Holiday, and the Early Redemption Amount is specified 
as being Fair Market Value in the relevant Final Terms, for the purposes 
of determining such Fair Market Value the Calculation Agent shall first 
determine any Relevant Rate (A) in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(X)(A) or (X)(B) above, as applicable, of this Condition 7(f) (Payments 
– Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) if "Price Source 
Disruption" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or, 
otherwise (B) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) on 
the date notified to the Noteholders; or 
(B) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
Conditions as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or 
account for any market practice that develops in respect of the FX 
Disruption Event,

--- Page 223 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 211 - 
70-41030487 
 
provided, however that in relation to sub-paragraphs (Y)(A) and (Y)(A) above, 
if as a result of the FX Disruption Event the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments 
in respect of the Notes when due in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer may settle 
any such payment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 7(e) (Payments – 
Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent). 
If a Scheduled FX Fixing Date is postponed in accordance with this Condition 
7(f) (Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), any Related 
Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that the Related Payment 
Date shall fall at least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of local 
banking days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) following the 
postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, the FX Cut-off Date or 
Postponed FX Fixing Day, as applicable. 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
General 
Where redenomination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and in 
respect of Notes denominated in a National Currency Unit, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, upon giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), designate a Redenomination Date. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
each Note shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law) be deemed to be redenominated into such amount of euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the 
principal amount of that Note in the Settlement Currency, converted into euro at 
the rate for the conversion of the relevant Settlement Currency into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty 
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with EC 
regulations); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of internationally offered 
securities is different from that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Noteholders, each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that will be required so as 
to comply with such market practice and such changes shall be deemed to be 
effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which such notice is 
given to the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
if Notes are in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency 
(whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void on the Euro 
Exchange Date and no payments will be made in respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the 
Settlement Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but 
all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to 
exchange such Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(a)(ii) 
(Redenomination – General) shall remain in full force and effect; and 
(C) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange 
for Notes and Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency 
in such manner as the Issuer may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in the Euro Exchange Notice; 
(iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date 
is on or after such date as the relevant Settlement Currency ceases to be a 
sub-division of the euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing

--- Page 224 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 212 - 
70-41030487 
 
before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro, as though 
references in the Notes to the Settlement Currency were to euro. Such payments 
will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of any member state of the European Union; and 
(iv) 
such other changes will be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide to 
conform such Notes to conventions then applicable to Notes denominated in euro. 
Any such other changes will not take effect until after it has been notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit 
or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(b) 
Interest 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Redenomination – 
General): 
(i) 
where Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are 
presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(ii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable annually, any interest 
required to be calculated for a period of less than one year in respect of the Notes 
shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 
365 (or, if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number 
of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the number of those 
days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); provided, however, that if the 
Issuer determines that the market practice in respect of internationally offered 
euro denominated securities is different from that specified above, then the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that will be 
required so as to comply with such market practice and such changes shall be 
deemed to be effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which 
such notice is given to the Noteholders; 
(iii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable quarterly or 
semi-annually, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on any 
Interest Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
principal amount of such Note, dividing the product by four or two (as the case 
may be) and rounding the figure down to the nearest euro 0.01. If interest is 
required to be calculated for any other period, it shall be calculated on the basis 
of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed 
fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number of those days falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (b) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that the market practice 
in respect of internationally offered euro denominated securities is different from 
that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
Paying Agents of the changes that will be required so as to comply with such 
market practice and such changes shall be deemed to be effective on the date 
which is 5 days following the date on which such notice is given to the 
Noteholders;

--- Page 225 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 213 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iv) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Amount payable in respect of the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the principal amount of such Note during the Interest 
Period, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in such Interest 
Period divided by 360 and rounding the resulting figure down to the nearest euro 
0.01; and 
(v) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for any subsequent Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of provisions 
which it determines reflects the market practice in respect of internationally 
offered euro denominated securities. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing in relation to a Series of Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to remedy a default in the repayment of any principal due on the Notes of 
such Series or any of them or in the payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes of 
such Series or any of them, in each case within 14 days of notice of such default having 
been given to the Principal Paying Agent or other Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) by any Noteholder in accordance with Condition 12(b) (Notices from 
Noteholders), provided that it shall not be such a default to withhold or refuse any such 
payment (1) if the Issuer determines, acting in good faith, that there is a material risk of 
the payment being contrary to any fiscal or other law or regulation or the order of any 
court of competent jurisdiction, or any statement, guidance, policy, recommendation or 
interpretation of any governmental or regulatory body (whether or not having the force of 
law), in each case applicable to such payment (and any such determination made by the 
Issuer in accordance with advice given at any time by independent legal advisers shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders) or (2) in cases of doubt as to the validity or 
applicability of any such law, regulation or order, in accordance with advice given at any 
time by independent legal advisers as to such validity or applicability; or 
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer in 
England (otherwise than in connection with a scheme of reconstruction or amalgamation 
the terms of which shall previously have been approved in writing by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Holders of the relevant Series of Notes), 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, effective upon the date of receipt thereof 
by the Issuer (such date the "Early Redemption Date"), declare the Note held by the Holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with interest accrued 
and unpaid until the date of its redemption, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice 
of any kind. 
10. 
Prescription 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years and 
five years, respectively, from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect 
thereof. Any monies paid by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the 
principal or interest in respect of any Notes or Coupons and remaining unclaimed when such Notes 
or Coupons become void will then revert to the Issuer and all liability of the Principal Paying Agent 
with respect thereto will thereupon cease. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 (Prescription) 
or Condition 7 (Payments). 
11. 
Replacement, Exchange and Transfer 
Should any Note or Coupon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office (in the case of a Bearer Note or Coupon) of the Issue Agent or (in the case of

--- Page 226 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 214 - 
70-41030487 
 
Registered Notes) of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
and the relevant Final Terms, a Registered Note may be exchanged for a Registered Note or Notes 
of equal aggregate principal amount in such different authorised denominations as may be 
requested by the Noteholder by surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, together with a written request for the exchange. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Note, in definitive form, may be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that 
such part is, or is an appropriate multiple of, the minimum denomination set out in the Final Terms) 
by the Holder or Holders surrendering the Registered Note for registration of transfer at the 
specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a 
written instrument to transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, duly executed by the Holder or Holders thereof or his or their attorney duly authorised in 
writing. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be 
issued to the transferor. 
If so set out in the relevant Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Notes may exchange the same for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer 
Note for a Registered Note, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Note at the specified 
office outside the United States of the Principal Paying Agent or of the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Note so surrendered must be 
accompanied by all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of 
the next payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined below) where the 
exchange date would, but for the provisions of this paragraph, occur between the Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 7(b) (Payments – Registered Notes)) for such payment of interest and the date 
on which such payment of interest fall due. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Note or the exchange of 
a Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within three Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date 
or, as the case may be, the exchange date be available for delivery at the specified office of the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent, or, at the option of the Holder requesting such exchange or transfer 
be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as 
may be specified by such Holder. 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to the 
foregoing provisions, except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail or insurance 
charges that may be imposed in relation hereto, shall be borne by the Issuer. 
The Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, shall not be required to register the transfer 
or exchange of Registered Notes for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any payment 
of principal or interest in respect of such Notes. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to Noteholders 
All notices to the Holders of Notes or the Coupons appertaining thereto will be valid: (i) 
if published, in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons, in one leading daily newspaper 
with circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe); (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, if mailed to their 
registered addresses (as advised by the Registrar) or to that of the first named of them in 
the case of joint Holders; provided that, in each case, in the case of Notes admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation

--- Page 227 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 215 - 
70-41030487 
 
system the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation have been 
complied with; and (iii) in the case of Uncertificated Registered Notes, if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders at their respective 
addresses appearing in the Record and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Uncertificated Registered Notes are 
listed by or on a competent authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent 
authority or stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the places or places required by that competent authority or stock 
exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or delivery or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Holders of any Coupons appertaining to Bearer Notes will be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of such Bearer Notes in 
accordance herewith. 
(b) 
Notices from Noteholders 
Notices given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with relevant Note or Notes (if applicable), with the Principal Paying Agent or 
other Paying Agent or with the Registrar (as the case may be) at its specified office. 
13. 
Paying Agents, Calculation Agents, Issue Agents, Transfer Agents and Registrars 
(a) 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial 
Calculation Agents, the initial Issue Agent, the initial Transfer Agent, the initial Registrar 
and their respective initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent, Issue Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Issue Agent, 
Transfer Agent or Registrar acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as any Bearer Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal 
Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
so long as any Registered Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a 
Registrar and a Transfer Agent. 
(b) 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 7(a) 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of an insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after notice has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(c) 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Conditions for the purposes of the Notes (including any determinations by the Calculation 
Agent as to the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes) shall be made in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
The Agents and the Calculation Agent shall not act as agents for the Noteholders but shall 
be the agents of the Issuer. All calculation functions required of the Calculation Agent 
under these Conditions may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation Agent, in 
its absolute discretion, may decide. 
13A 
Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
(a) 
This Condition 13A shall apply except that where Condition 4B(e) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) is

--- Page 228 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 216 - 
70-41030487 
 
applicable and "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 13A shall not apply in relation to SOFR as the Reference Rate. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark 
Trigger Event has occurred in relation to a Relevant Benchmark relating to a Series of 
Notes, then: 
(i) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
unless the Issuer determines that replacing the Relevant Benchmark with 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Index would not produce a commercially 
reasonable result, references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be 
deemed to be replaced with references to the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index with effect from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; 
and 
(B) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions as it 
determines are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of 
referencing the Alternative Pre-nominated Index in place of such 
Relevant Benchmark including, without limitation, to any variable, 
margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms 
or any other terms of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has not been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms or the Issuer determines that 
replacing the Relevant Benchmark with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
would not produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer shall do any of 
the following: 
(A) 
determine that references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed 
to be replaced by references to such index, benchmark or price source as 
the Issuer determines would have the effect of placing the Issuer in an 
economically equivalent position to that which it would have been in had 
the Benchmark Trigger Event not occurred (the "Replacement Index") 
(and in making such determination the Issuer shall be entitled to take into 
account such facts and circumstances as it considers relevant including, 
without limitation, (i) any index, benchmark or other price source which 
measures the same market or economic reality as the Relevant 
Benchmark and which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark or (ii) any index, benchmark or other price source which is 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, in each case to replace the Relevant Benchmark), in 
which case: 
(1) 
references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be 
replaced with references to such Replacement Index with effect 
from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions 
as it determines are necessary to account for the effect on the 
Notes of referencing the Replacement Index in place of such 
Relevant Benchmark including, without limitation, to any 
variable, margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Notes; or 
(B) 
follow the steps for determining the relevant rate or level set out in the 
Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions (if any); or

--- Page 229 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 217 - 
70-41030487 
 
(C) 
determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the date selected by the Issuer and give notice of 
such redemption to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices); 
provided, however, that if (1) it is or would be unlawful at any time under applicable law 
or regulation or (2) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each 
case, for any of the above provisions or determinations to apply to the Notes, then such 
provision shall not apply and the Issuer shall not make such determination (as the case 
may be) and the Issuer shall instead take any of the above actions that complies with the 
applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
(c) 
In making any determination under this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), the Issuer shall take account of such facts and circumstances as it considers 
relevant, including, without limitation, any determinations made in respect of any of the 
Issuer's hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes (including in respect of any 
termination or re-establishment of hedging arrangements) and the Issuer's funding costs; 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Series of Italian Notes, it shall not take account 
of any such determinations made in respect of such hedging arrangements and/or the 
Issuer's funding costs. 
(d) 
If the Issuer is not able to determine the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) on any 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, then the Relevant Benchmark Determination 
Date shall be postponed to such date as it is able to make such determination and any 
Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that 
the Related Payment Date shall fall at least three (3) local banking days (or such other 
number of days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date. 
(e) 
No further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any 
payment postponed pursuant to this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest payable in respect of the 
Notes on a Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date which is so postponed shall be 
calculated as if such Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date had not been postponed 
pursuant to this Condition 13A) (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) unless, in 
the case of a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 4A (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or 4B (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any replacement for a Relevant 
Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(A) or (b)(ii)(A) above give notice thereof and of 
any changes pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii)(A)(2) (as applicable) to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices)). 
(g) 
Without prejudice to Condition 17(b) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Modification), if the 
definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, or other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, is changed, then references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be to such Relevant 
Benchmark as so changed. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Master Note Issuance Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Holders of the Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Master Note

--- Page 230 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 218 - 
70-41030487 
 
Issuance Agreement) of a modification of the Notes or any of the provisions of the Master 
Note Issuance Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or by Holders 
of the Notes of any Series holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders of the Notes of 
any Series whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of 
the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority, in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Holders of the Notes of any Series shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. Any modification of the Notes 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Modification 
Subject in the case of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Master Note 
Issuance Agreement (as applicable) to the agreement of the other parties thereto the Issuer 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Master Note Issuance Agreement or the Conditions which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders as a whole; 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
or the Master Note Issuance Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
any modification of the Notes which is made to correct an inconsistency between 
the final terms and conditions of the Note issue (comprising these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms) and the relevant termsheet relating to the 
Notes. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Issuer may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to the substitution of a 
subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer or any subsidiary of any such holding 
company (the "New Issuer") in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes of 
any Series and the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any), provided that such Notes and 
the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any) are irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer. In the 
event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
construed as a reference to the New Issuer. Any such substitution shall be promptly 
notified to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). In 
connection with such right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Noteholders resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no Noteholder shall be entitled 
to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such substitution upon such Noteholder.

--- Page 231 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 219 - 
70-41030487 
 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series or Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any) to create and issue further notes 
ranking equally in all respects with the Notes of such Series so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes for the time being outstanding. 
16. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), "Limit 
Valuation Date" shall mean, if any Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation 
Date in respect of a Note is a Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days following such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
If any Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the Valuation 
Date or Observation Date (as applicable) shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, provided that the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) shall not fall after the Limit Valuation Date. In 
that case: 
(1) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Note, the Limit Valuation Date will be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable), 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date determined in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation 
Date of each security or other property comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, its 
estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(2) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Note, the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable), 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the value of the relevant 
Security as of the Valuation Time on that Limit Valuation Date; 
(B) 
in the case of a Note which relates to an Index Basket, the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) for each Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation 
Date (as applicable) and the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) 
for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Index, unless each of the succeeding Scheduled Trading Days (up to and 
including the Limit Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Index. In that case, the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to 
be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for the relevant Index 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Index, as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Limit Valuation Date of each security or other property comprised

--- Page 232 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 220 - 
70-41030487 
 
in the relevant Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, 
its estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(C) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a Securities Basket, the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) for each Security not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled 
Observation Date (as applicable), and the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) for each Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Security, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days (up to and including 
the Limit Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Security. In that case, (1) the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for the relevant Security, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its estimate of the value for that Security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Limit Valuation Date. 
(c) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, then notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Conditions, the following provisions will apply to the valuation 
of the relevant Index or Security: 
(A) 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, if the consequence specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to "Averaging Date Market Disruption" 
with respect to the relevant Averaging Date is: 
(1) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a 
relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant Final 
Security Price, Final Index Level, Final Redemption Amount, Coupon 
Trigger Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging 
Date would occur with respect to the relevant Index, then 
Condition 16(b) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) will apply for 
purposes of determining the relevant level or relevant value (as 
applicable), price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such final 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day. If any 
Averaging Dates occur after the relevant Valuation Date as a result of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the relevant 
amount due under the relevant Note or (ii) the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event or a Potential Adjustment Event, shall be 
determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as though it were 
a Valuation Date and Condition 16(d) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) 
shall apply as if the relevant Valuation Date had been postponed to such 
last Averaging Date in accordance with this Condition 16 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days); 
(2) 
"Postponement", then Condition 16(b) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level or 
relevant value (as applicable), price or amount on that Averaging Date as 
if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day 
irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the relevant Notes. If any Averaging Dates occur 
after the relevant Valuation Date as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the relevant amount due under 
the relevant Note or (ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or a 
Potential Adjustment Event shall be determined by reference to the last 
such Averaging Date as though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 
16(d) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant

--- Page 233 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 221 - 
70-41030487 
 
Valuation Date had been postponed to such last Averaging Date in 
accordance with this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(3) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(aa) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, 
such Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date immediately 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date in relation to the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then the Limit Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether 
that Limit Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and 
(i) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
16(b)(A)(1) (Consequences of Disrupted Days); and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
16(b)(A)(2); and 
(bb) 
in the case of a Note which relates to an Index Basket and/or a 
Securities Basket, the Averaging Date for each Index or Security 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date and the Averaging Date for an Index 
or Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Security. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Index or Security has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Limit Valuation Date immediately following the Scheduled 
Final Averaging Date, then the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
Limit Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 16(b)(B) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days); and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 16(b)(C) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days). 
If any Averaging Dates occur after the relevant Valuation Date as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the 
relevant redemption amount due under the relevant Note or (ii) the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or Potential Adjustment Event 
shall be determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as 
though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 16(d) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant Valuation Date had been 
postponed to such last Averaging Date in accordance with this Condition 
16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days). 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(c)(A)(3) only, "Limit Valuation 
Date" shall mean, if any Averaging Date in respect of a Note is a 
Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days

--- Page 234 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 222 - 
70-41030487 
 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
If a Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation Date is postponed (x) in 
accordance with this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) and/or (y) as a result 
of it not being a Scheduled Trading Day, any Disrupted Day Related Payment Date will 
also be postponed, if needed, such that the Disrupted Day Related Payment Date shall fall 
at least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may 
be specified in the Final Terms) following the later of (i) the postponed Valuation Date or 
postponed Observation Date or, if later, the Limit Valuation Date, as applicable and (ii) 
the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, the FX Cut-off Date or Postponed 
FX Fixing Day, as applicable (if any). In respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket 
and/or a Securities Basket, the postponed Valuation Date or postponed Observation Date 
or Limit Valuation Date referred to in this paragraph (d) will be deemed to be, in respect 
of a Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation Date, the latest postponed 
Valuation Date or postponed Observation Date or Limit Valuation Date, as applicable, 
occurring in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation 
Date. 
Unless Interest Adjustment is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any 
payment postponed pursuant to this Condition 16(d) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any interest payable in respect of the Notes on a Disrupted Day Related Payment Date 
which is so postponed shall be calculated as if such Disrupted Day Related Payment Date 
had not been postponed pursuant to this Condition 16(d)) unless, in the case of a Fixed 
Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 
4A (Interest - Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest - Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
17. 
Adjustments to Indices 
This Condition 17 (Adjustments to Indices) is applicable only in relation to Index-Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and published by a successor to the Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Index Modification 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, a relevant Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such Index 
Modification has a material effect on the Notes, and if so, shall make such adjustment(s) 
(if any) as it determines appropriate to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification and determine the effective date of any such modification or adjustment. 
(c) 
Index Cancellation 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date (A) the Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index, (B) the Index Sponsor announces 
that it suspends the calculation and publication of the level of a relevant Index, or (C) the

--- Page 235 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 223 - 
70-41030487 
 
Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (each, an 
"Index Cancellation"), then: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall as soon as is reasonably practicable after determining the same 
give notice (an "Index Cancellation Notice") of such Index Cancellation to the 
Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices); 
(B) 
if "Index Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine whether or not and the date as of which the Index is to be substituted 
with a Substitute Index and, if it so determines, it shall give an Index Substitution 
Notice to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) and, with effect from the date so determined, the 
Substitute Index shall be deemed to be the Index; and 
(C) 
if no Substitute Index has been identified within 10 Business Days of the giving 
of such Index Cancellation Notice or if Index Substitution has not been specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue 
and: 
(1) 
if it determines that the Notes shall continue, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Specified Level or Closing Level required to be 
determined with respect to such Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Averaging Date using, in lieu of a published level of that Index, the 
Specified Level or Closing Level required to be determined with respect 
to such Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the Index 
Cancellation, but using only those components that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Cancellation; and 
(2) 
if it determines that the Notes shall not continue, the Issuer shall redeem 
the relevant Notes as of the date selected by the Issuer and give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), specifying the Early 
Redemption Amount and early redemption date, and the entitlements of 
the relevant Noteholders to receive the Final Redemption Amount (or 
any other payment to be made by the Issuer, as the case may be) shall 
cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of such amount as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the Fair Market Value of the Notes immediately 
prior to such early redemption. 
(d) 
Correction of Index Levels 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor at any time and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent for any calculation or determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor after the 
original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment as it determines to 
be appropriate, if any, to the settlement or payment terms of the Notes to account for such 
correction. 
18. 
Adjustments and Events affecting Securities 
This Condition 18 is applicable only in relation to Equity-Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
If Potential Adjustment Events is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether or not at any time a Potential Adjustment

--- Page 236 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 224 - 
70-41030487 
 
Event has occurred and where it determines such an event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities and, if so, will make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the relevant 
Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a 
Securities Basket and/or any other adjustment(s) and, in any case, any other variable 
relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
to be appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect and determine the 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
If Extraordinary Events is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, following 
the occurrence of any Extraordinary Event (other than a Delisting in respect of any 
Depositary Receipts), the Issuer will determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall 
continue and, if so, determine any adjustments to be made. If the Issuer determines that 
the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as 
it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount 
or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Securities to 
which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a Securities Basket and, 
in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or 
any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date selected 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner. If the Issuer 
determines that the relevant Notes shall be redeemed, then the Notes shall be redeemed as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the relevant 
Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be made 
by the Issuer) as the case may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
(c) 
Conversion 
If Conversion is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of any Conversion, the Issuer will determine whether or not the Notes will 
continue and, if so, determine any adjustment(s) to be made. If the Issuer determines that 
the Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it 
determines to be appropriate to the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or any 
amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Securities to which 
each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a Securities Basket and, in any 
case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or any 
other adjustment and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). If the Issuer 
determines that the Notes shall be redeemed, then the Notes shall be redeemed as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to 
receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer), 
as the case may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall 
be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
(d) 
Correction of Prices 
If Correction of Prices is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that any price published or announced on a given day and utilised or to be utilised for the 
purpose of any calculation or determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published or announced by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle 
after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) as it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to the amount payable in respect of the Notes and 
their terms to account for such correction and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s) provided that if any amount has been paid in an 
amount which exceeds the amount that would have been payable if the correction had been 
taken into account, no further amount in an amount at least equal to the excess is payable 
in respect of the Notes and the Calculation Agent determines that it is not practicable to 
make such an adjustment to account fully for such correction, the Issuer shall be entitled

--- Page 237 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 225 - 
70-41030487 
 
to reimbursement of the relevant excess payment (or, as the case may be, the proportion 
thereof not accounted for by an adjustment made by the Calculation Agent) by the relevant 
Noteholder, together with interest on that amount for the period from and including the 
day on which payment was originally made to (but excluding) the day of payment of 
reimbursement by the Noteholder (all as calculated by the Calculation Agent). Any such 
reimbursement shall be effected in such manner as the Issuer shall determine. 
19. 
Additional Disruption Events 
Following the occurrence of any Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will determine whether 
or not the relevant Notes shall continue and, if so, the Calculation Agent shall determine any 
adjustments to be made. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall continue, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the 
formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in 
a Securities Basket and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant 
Notes and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date 
selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall be 
terminated, then the Notes shall be terminated as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent and 
the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or any 
other payment to be made by the Issuer), as the case may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the 
Notes. 
20. 
Adjustments where the Securities are Units in an ETF 
Where the Securities are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Units in an ETF, in the case 
of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date of any Extraordinary Event affecting 
the ETF or the value of the Units, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment as provided in 
Condition 18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 19 (Additional Disruption 
Events) or: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under Condition 
18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 19 (Additional Disruption 
Events) would produce a commercially reasonable result: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify a new 
underlying asset with characteristics, investment objectives and policies similar 
to those in effect for the Affected Units immediately prior to the occurrence of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event and any substitution of the new underlying asset 
for the Affected Units shall be effected at such time and in such manner as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
if necessary, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms, including, but 
not limited to, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, investment 
strategy or liquidity relevant to the Units or the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Notes shall be redeemed, then the 
Notes shall be redeemed as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption 
Amount and any accrued interest shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
In this Condition 20, "Affected Unit(s)" means each Unit subject to an applicable Extraordinary 
Event. 
21. 
Events relating to DR-Linked Notes 
In relation to DR-Linked Notes only, if a Delisting of the Securities occurs or the Depository 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) (or is at any time, whether or not announced

--- Page 238 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.4 – Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 226 - 
70-41030487 
 
by the Depository) terminated, then the Issuer will determine whether or not the Notes shall 
continue. If the Issuer determines that: 
(i) 
the Notes shall continue, it shall elect whether the Security shall thereafter be (x) the 
Replacement DRs or (y) the Underlying Security and the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any change to the notional number of Securities and/or the 
formula for the relevant Redemption Amount), and which change or adjustment(s) shall 
be effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the Notes shall not continue, then the Notes shall be redeemed as of the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the 
relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer) as the case 
may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied 
in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
22. 
Notes Linked to Units in an ETF – General 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Securities in relation to a Series of Notes are Units in 
an ETF, then these Conditions shall apply to the Notes as if references herein to "Underlying 
Company" were references to the "ETF" and as if references therein to "Security" were references 
to "Unit". 
23. 
Effects of European Economic and Monetary Union 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment 
(and determine the effective date of such adjustment) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant 
Final Terms and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms of the 
relevant Notes. 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to make such conversions between amounts denominated in the National 
Currency Units and the euro, and the euro and the National Currency Units, in each case, in 
accordance with the conversion rates and rounding rules in Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97 as it 
determines to be appropriate. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for 
any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
24. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
25. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any Dispute regarding the 
existing, validity or redemption of the Notes or the consequence of their nullity).

--- Page 239 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 227 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.5 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes (the "Conditions") which apply to all 
French Law Notes and which are completed by the relevant Final Terms for each issue of Notes. 
The Notes are issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") pursuant to a programme for the issuance of notes 
and warrants (the "Programme") established by the Issuer. The Notes have the benefit of a master note 
issuance agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated on or about 26 May 
2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Master Note Issuance Agreement") 
and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental Europe (formerly 
known as HSBC France) as dealers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor Dealer) and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited 
(which entity shall not be a dealer for the purposes of the Notes), and, for the purposes only of calculations 
in relation to the Notes, an issuing and paying agency agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently 
amended and restated on or about 26 May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the 
"Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement") and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc 
and HSBC Continental Europe as calculation agents (HSBC Bank plc or, as the case may be, HSBC 
Continental Europe being the "Calculation Agent" with respect to the Notes if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, which expression includes any successor or other Calculation Agent appointed pursuant to the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the other parties 
specified therein. The Notes will also have the benefit of a French note agency agreement dated on or about 
29 November 2021 (the "French Note Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer and BNP 
Paribas Securities Services as principal paying agent and paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent" and 
the "Paying Agent"). 
All Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each, a "Tranche") of Notes issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms 
("Final Terms"), which will form part of the Conditions of the Notes of such Tranche. Other than the issue 
date, the issue price and the date for the first payment of interest, the Notes of each Series will have identical 
terms and conditions. The Notes of each Tranche will have identical terms and conditions. 
Copies of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the French 
Note Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Holders (as defined below) of Notes, and copies 
of the relevant Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus may be obtained by 
Holders of Notes in each case during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issuer and of the 
Principal Paying Agent. The Holders (as defined in Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title)) for the 
time being of Notes are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement, the French Note Agency Agreement, the Master Note Issuance Agreement and the relevant 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the French Note Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the French Note Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org);

--- Page 240 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 228 - 
70-41030487 
 
"€STR" means, in respect of any specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the daily 
euro short-term rate; 
"Additional Disruption Event" means such of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Costs of Hedging and/or Insolvency Filing as are specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Series of Notes and a Relevant 
Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in 
order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations in respect of the Notes, all as determined by the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
"Affected Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the Relevant 
Benchmark affected by a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount" means the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes; 
"Alternative Exchange" means, in relation to any Securities, an exchange or quotation system on 
which the Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted and which is located in the same country 
as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union or the United Kingdom, in 
any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom), unless (in any such case) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the listing, trading or quotation on such exchange or quotation 
system will materially alter the risk profile of the Notes (in which case such exchange or quotation 
system shall not constitute an "Alternative Exchange"); 
"Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Alternative Payment 
Currency as published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Alternative Payment Currency" means the currency, which may be Offshore RMB, specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such currency is specified, USD; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" means the relevant amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent converted into the relevant Alternative Payment 
Currency using the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate" means 
(i) 
the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency and Alternative Payment Currency 
(expressed as the number of units of Alternative Payment Currency per one unit of 
Settlement Currency or as the number of units of Settlement Currency per one unit of 
Alternative Payment Currency (as applicable)) as published on the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time on the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the rate of exchange determined in accordance with, or derived from the Alternative 
Payment Cross Currency Rate and the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded up. If on an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date the Relevant Rate is not available 
for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine the

--- Page 241 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 229 - 
70-41030487 
 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (X)(A) or (X)(B), 
as applicable, of Condition 7(e) (Payments - Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) or, if 
Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in its discretion; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date" means the fifth day (or such other number of days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date 
or other date on which the relevant payment falls due (as appropriate). For the purposes of this 
definition, "day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdiction or place specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such jurisdiction or place is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, the Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction and, 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross 
Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page" means the Reuters or other screen page specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in 
the international exchange market; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time" means (i) the time and place specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in the 
case of a successor page to the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) if no such time and place is specified in the Final Terms, such time and place 
as the Calculation Agent determines; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if the Alternative Payment Currency is USD, the United States of America; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the relevant Final Terms as an "Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index" and which is not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, and subject to, 
Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding), an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate corresponding 
to such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the corresponding date specified as such in relation to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined 
in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage specified in respect of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the percentage specified as such for such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the percentage rate specified as such for such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 242 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 230 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the date(s) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each of the 
date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such 
Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of 
such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Date, the 
Observation Date specified in respect to such Valuation Date for which the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each 
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) is lowest;  
"Average Basket – Highest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Date, the 
Observation Date specified in respect to such Valuation Date for which the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each 
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) is highest;  
"Averaging Date(s)" means, in respect of an Index or a Security: 
(i) 
each of the dates specified as an Averaging Date with respect to the relevant Valuation 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) subject to the provisions of Condition 15 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(ii) 
if Averaging Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable with 
respect to the relevant Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day (which is not a 
Disrupted Day) in the Averaging Period; 
"Averaging Period" means with respect to: 
(i) 
the Strike Date, the period from and including the "Strike Averaging Start Date" to and 
including the "Strike Averaging End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Strike Averaging Period"); 
(ii) 
the Final Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Final Valuation Averaging 
Start Date" to and including the "Final Valuation Averaging End Date", each as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Performance Averaging Period"); 
(iii) 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the 
"Autocall Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Autocall Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Averaging Period"); 
(iv) 
any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Coupon Trigger 
Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Coupon Trigger Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Coupon Trigger Averaging Period"); 
(v) 
any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In Coupon 
Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Coupon Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In Coupon Averaging Period");

--- Page 243 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 231 - 
70-41030487 
 
(vi) 
any Barrier Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Barrier Averaging Start 
Date" to and including the "Barrier Averaging End Date", each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Barrier Averaging Period"); and 
(vii) 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In 
Redemption Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Redemption 
Averaging End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Redemption Averaging Period"); 
a "Barrier Event" will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the Notes in the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
where "Inclusive" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Event in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than or equal to the Barrier Level; 
(b)  
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of any of the Barrier Valuation 
Dates is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; and 
(c)  
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the Relevant 
Observation Performance in respect of any Barrier Valuation Date during the 
Barrier Valuation Period is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; 
 (ii) 
where "Non-Inclusive" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Event in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than the Barrier Level; 
(b)  
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of any of the Barrier Valuation 
Dates is less than the Barrier Level; and 
(c)  
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the Relevant 
Observation Performance in respect of any Barrier Valuation Date during the 
Barrier Valuation Period is less than the Barrier Level; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Barrier Observation Method" means European, Bermudan or Daily as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Barrier Valuation Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or 
Security comprising the Securities Basket, the Barrier Valuation Date in respect 
of such Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of such Index or Security),

--- Page 244 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 232 - 
70-41030487 
 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(ii) 
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each 
of the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket 
or Security comprising the Securities Basket, the relevant Barrier Valuation Date 
in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(iii) 
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each Scheduled 
Trading Day (which is not a Disrupted Day) in the Barrier Valuation Period 
(provided that the final day in the Barrier Valuation Period which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be a Barrier Valuation Date regardless of whether it is a 
Disrupted Day, and the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date); or 
(b)  
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each 
day in the Barrier Valuation Period which (i) is a Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of all Indices or Securities (as applicable) in the Basket and (ii) is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of any Index or Security (as applicable) in the Basket 
(provided that the final day in the Barrier Valuation Period which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of all Indices or Securities (as applicable) shall be a Barrier 
Valuation Date regardless of whether it is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index 
or Security, and the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date); 
"Barrier Valuation Period" means the period from and including the "Barrier Valuation Period 
Start Date" to and including the "Barrier Valuation Period End Date", each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Basket" means, in respect of a Note, a basket composed of each Index or each Security (as the 
case may be) specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relative proportions indicated in the Final 
Terms; 
"BBR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the rate for bills of 
exchange denominated in such Relevant Currency and having a tenor equal to such specified 
period; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that references a Relevant Benchmark that is a Reference 
Rate or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar 
rate: 
(A) 
an Index Cessation Event; or 
(B) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Series of Notes, an Administrator/Benchmark Event;

--- Page 245 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 233 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and 
a Relevant Benchmark, the date on which the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event 
has occurred; 
"Best Performing Index" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Level of each Index in the Basket has been 
determined, the Index for which the Specified Level of such Index determined with respect to such 
day divided by the Initial Index Level for such Index is highest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Best Performing Security" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Price of each Security in the Basket has been 
determined, the Security for which the Specified Price of such Security determined with respect to 
such day divided by the Initial Security Price for such Security is highest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Note in respect of which amounts are payable in euro, a Euro Business Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Business Centre and on which the relevant Clearing System is 
open for business; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any other Note, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in each Business Centre and on which the relevant 
Clearing System is open for business; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms (which shall be one of the following expressions) and, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a

--- Page 246 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 234 - 
70-41030487 
 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount in the Settlement Currency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if no such 
percentage is specified, the Cap shall be unlimited; 
"Change in Law" means, in relation to any Notes, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner that (x) it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, with the passing of time, or 
it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of 
or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the sale or disposal of, Securities, Component Securities, 
or other components comprised in an Index relating to such Notes or any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including, without 
limitation, any currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes (y) it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, acquire, 
purchase, sell or maintain one or more (i) positions or contracts in respect of any securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange in relation to such Notes, or in relation to the Issuer's 
hedging activities in connection with the Notes or in relation to the hedging activities of the Issuer 
or any of its designated affiliates in connection with the Notes, (ii) stock loan transactions in 
relation to such Notes or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) held by the 
Issuer or any of its designated affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, such 
Notes or (z) the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) 
"Clearing System" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in which Notes of the relevant Series are for the time being held, or, in 
relation to an individual Note, in which that Note is for the time being held, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in relation to any Securities, any day on which the 
principal domestic clearing system customarily used for settling trades in such Securities is (or, but 
for the occurrence of an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which such clearing 
system cannot clear the transfer of such securities, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions; 
"Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event" means the relevant Clearing System(s) ceases to 
accept payments in the Settlement Currency; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Closing Level" means (a) with respect to an Index other than a Multiple Exchange Index, the 
level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, the official closing level of such Index 
as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the relevant Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for which the performance of the Index is to 
be determined; 
"Closing Price" means, in relation to a Security, the price of such Security as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for which the performance of the 
Security is to be determined;

--- Page 247 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 235 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Component Security" means, with respect to an Index, each component security of that Index; 
"Conditional Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Amount" means, in respect of the relevant Coupon Trigger Valuation Date and 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent; 
(i) 
if "Digital Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate 
corresponding to such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
if "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed); and 
(iii) 
if "Relevant Rate – Floating" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating); 
a "Coupon Trigger Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in respect of such Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the relevant Coupon Trigger Level specified in 
respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the percentage 
specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the 
corresponding date specified as such in relation to such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the percentage 
rate specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Coupon Trigger Recovery Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in respect of such 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the relevant Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Level specified in respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Coupon Trigger Recovery Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the 
percentage specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Valuation Date" means 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Cross Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if such 
currency is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency shall mean USD;

--- Page 248 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 236 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Cross Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is specified means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365F" is specified, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365, or in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 249 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 237 - 
70-41030487 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 250 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 238 - 
70-41030487 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Deferral Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(e) (Payments - Price Source 
Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Delisting" means (a) that the Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, 
the Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange or (b) that the Calculation Agent determines that listing or 
trading of Securities on the Exchange (or an Alternative Exchange) has not commenced and will 
not commence in the foreseeable future prior to redemption of the Notes; 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to each Depository Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depository Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented; 
"Depository" means, in relation to a Depository Receipt, the issuer of such Depository Receipt as 
appointed under the Deposit Agreement, including its successors from time to time; 
"Depository Receipt(s)" means any Security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided that if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated at any time, any reference to any 
Depository Receipt(s) shall thereafter be construed as a reference to the relevant Underlying 
Securities or relevant Replacement DRs, as applicable and as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Condition 20 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes); 
"Digital Return Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index: (a) any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has 
occurred; (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index any Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of such Index on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such 
Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or (iii) a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred; or (c) in respect 
of an Index any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish such Index; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Security on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Security has 
occurred; 
"Disrupted Day Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the 
amount payable is calculated by reference to the price or level (as applicable) of an Index, an Index 
Basket, a Security or a Securities Basket determined on the related Valuation Date or Limit 
Valuation Date; 
"DR-Linked Notes" means a Series of Equity-Linked Notes which relate to one or more Securities 
which are Depository Receipts; 
"Early Closure" means (a) the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange 
(in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) 
or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange

--- Page 251 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 239 - 
70-41030487 
 
Business Day; or (b) if the Notes are Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes, the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in relation to each Note or Calculation Amount (as 
applicable) an amount equal to the percentage per Calculation Amount calculated in accordance 
with, and subject to, Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) or its 
Fair Market Value, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms for the event giving rise 
to the early redemption; 
"EMU Event" means the occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(i) 
the redenomination of any security into euro; 
(ii) 
the change by any organised market, exchange or clearing, payment or settlement system 
in the unit of account of its operating procedures to the euro; 
(iii) 
any change in the currency of denomination of any Index or any Security; or 
(iv) 
any change in the currency in which some or all of the securities or other property 
comprising any Index is denominated; 
"Equity-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which an amount, which shall be 
calculated by reference to the value of a Security or Securities and/or a formula, is payable (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"ETF" means the exchange traded fund or similarly traded or listed fund as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"ETF Adviser" means, with respect to an ETF, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment manager (including a non-discretionary 
investment manager to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary 
investment manager), as provided in the related ETF Documents; 
"ETF Documents" means, in relation to any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of such ETF specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETF, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate; 
"Euro", "euro" "EUR", "€" each mean the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Euro Business Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which TARGET2 is open for 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France S.A.; 
"Exchange" means (a) with respect to a Security or an Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Security or the components 
of the Index, as the case may be, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Security or components, as the

--- Page 252 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 240 - 
70-41030487 
 
case may be, as on the original Exchange); or (b) in the case of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent (which exchange or 
quotation system as of the Issue Date may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms); 
provided, however, that if the Exchange (the "Original Exchange") announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, any Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and the 
Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange, then, so long as the 
Securities are not listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Original Exchange, such Alternative 
Exchange shall be the "Exchange" in relation to such Securities; 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
any relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means (a) any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-
Linked Notes) or on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes), or (ii) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, future or options contracts relating to the Securities (in the case of 
Equity-Linked Notes) or the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means the amount per Security specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such amount is so specified, any dividend or the portion of any dividend which the 
Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an Extraordinary Dividend; 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
or existence of any of the following: 
(i) 
the ETF (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes 
a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C)(1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (y) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such

--- Page 253 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 241 - 
70-41030487 
 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in (A) to (E) above; 
(ii) 
the ETF has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETF 
or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency 
of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the ETF Documents or any contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the ETF or any of its assets; 
(iii) 
the resignation, termination or replacement of the ETF Adviser; 
(iv) 
any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of the Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the Issue Date; 
(v) 
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF 
Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Units or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(vi) 
the Issuer, or any of its affiliates, is unable, or it is impractical for it, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate 
to hedge the price risk relating to the Units of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability 
has arisen by reason of (1) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the 
ETF on any investor's ability to redeem the Units, in whole or in part, or any existing or 
new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such Units, or (2) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Units imposed by the ETF (in each 
case other than any restriction in existence on the Issue Date); 
(vii) 
(A) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Units or 
the ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Units or 
the ETF, (B) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Units or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (C) the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(A) the occurrence of any event affecting the Units that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable to determine the value of 
the Units, and such event is likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to 
continue for the foreseeable future; or (B) any failure of the ETF to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered (1) information that the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or (2) information that has been previously delivered 
to the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for it to monitor the ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Units; 
(ix) 
on or after the Strike Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the Units, or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position);

--- Page 254 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 242 - 
70-41030487 
 
(x) 
the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on 
the Strike Date) amount of tax (including potential taxes which the Calculation Agent 
considers may arise), duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk relating to the Units of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Extraordinary ETF Event; and 
(xi) 
(A) the cancellation or cessation of any Underlying Index or (B) a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating or any other material modification to any 
Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain such Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) or (C) the relevant sponsor of any Underlying 
Index fails to calculate and announce such Underlying Index; 
"Extraordinary Event" means (a) in all cases other than where the Final Terms specifies that the 
Securities are Units in an ETF, a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting (b) in the case where the Final Terms specifies that the Securities are Units in an ETF, a 
Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or Extraordinary ETF Event; 
"Fair Market Value" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, its fair market 
value immediately prior to the early redemption date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer and in respect only of Notes that are not Italian Notes, less any 
reasonable costs and expenses of the Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements, and any such calculation of the 
fair market value shall have the effect of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such 
early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. For the purposes of 
calculating the Fair Market Value following an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) only, in determining the fair market value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Final Index Basket Level" means, in relation to an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Final Index Level 
of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Final Index Level 
of the Best Performing Index; 
"Final Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Specified Level with respect to such Index 
determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date; 
"Final Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such Index: 
[ Final Index Level
Initial Index Level] 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index Basket other than an Index Basket in respect of which "Average 
Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and

--- Page 255 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 243 - 
70-41030487 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such Index 
Basket: 
[ Final Index Basket Level
Initial Index Basket Level] 
(iii) 
in relation to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Level", "Lowest Level" or "Average 
Level" are specified as being applicable, the Final Index Performance with respect 
to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted average (in line with the 
Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Final Index Performance of each 
Index comprising the Basket in respect of the Final Valuation Date as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 
0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Index 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Index comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Index 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Index comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest Observation Date; 
"Final Securities Basket Price" means, in relation to a Securities Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Final Security 
Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Final Security 
Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Final Security Performance" means 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such 
Security: 
[ Final Security Price
Initial Security Price] 
(ii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket other than a Securities Basket in respect of which 
"Average Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a 
percentage (rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such 
Securities Basket: 
[ Final Securities Basket Price
Initial Securities Basket Price] 
(iii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Price", "Lowest Price" or "Average Price" 
are specified as being applicable, the Final Security Performance with respect to 
the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting

--- Page 256 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 244 - 
70-41030487 
 
applicable to such Basket) of the Final Security Performance of each Security 
comprising the Basket in respect of the Final Valuation Date as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Security 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Security comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Security 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Security comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest Observation Date; 
"Final Security Price" means, in respect of a Security, the Specified Price with respect to such 
Security determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date; 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and 
Purchase – At Maturity); 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Final Valuation Date in respect of such Index or Security shall 
be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" means a Note for which Fixed Rate Note provisions (for an initial 
period from the Issue Date) and Floating Rate Note provisions (for a subsequent period) are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable; 
"Fixed Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a fixed rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable; 
"Floating Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable; 
"Floating Rate Option" means, in relation to a Note to which ISDA Determination applies, a rate 
or price source specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent of (i) (a) 
an Inconvertibility, (b) Non-transferability, (c) Illiquidity or (d) any other event affecting the 
Settlement Currency (the "FX Disruption Relevant Currency") which would make it unlawful 
or impractical in whole or in part (including without limitation, as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any 
requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial power) for the 
Issuer (or the Issuer's affiliate) to pay or receive amounts in the FX Disruption Relevant Currency 
under or in respect of any hedging arrangement relating to or connected with the FX Disruption 
Relevant Currency; or (ii) if Offshore RMB is specified as the applicable FX Disruption Relevant 
Currency, each of the events specified in (i) above, plus an Offshore RMB Disruption;

--- Page 257 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 245 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or, where the Settlement Currency is specified 
to be RMB, in the PRC and each Offshore RMB Centre; 
"Government Bonds" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, bonds or any other debt securities 
issued by a government, government agency or subdivision or a transnational or supranational 
organisation as specified in the relevant Final Terms and "Government Bond" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates is unable or it is or 
has become not reasonably practicable, or it has otherwise become undesirable, for any reason, for 
the Issuer wholly or any of its designated affiliates or partially after using commercially reasonable 
efforts and acting in good faith, to (A) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or desirable to hedge the 
equity or any other price risk (including but not limited to, any currency risk) of entering into and 
performing the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or (B) realise, recover, receive, transfer 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or (C) without prejudice to (B) above, 
transfer amounts denominated in the Settlement Currency (1) from accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction (2) between 
accounts inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (3) to a party that is a non-resident of the 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (D) without prejudice to (B) and (C) above, convert the 
Settlement Currency into an Alternative Payment Currency; 
"Illiquidity" means where the foreign exchange market in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
becomes illiquid after the Trade Date and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Settlement Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Notes as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation (if practicable) with two Reference Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the foreign exchange market in 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates would incur 
materially increased costs (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date), including, 
without limitation, amount of tax (including any potential tax which the Calculation Agent 
considers may arise), duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) hold, acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge equity or any other price risk (including but not limited to, any currency 
risk) of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or (B) realise, 
recover, receive, transfer or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or its designated affiliates, as applicable, shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Index" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the index to which such Notes relates, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 16 (Adjustments to 
Indices) and Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events) and "Indices" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Index Basket" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the basket of indices to which such Series 
of Notes relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 16 (Adjustments to Indices) and Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events), and 
"Index Baskets" shall be construed accordingly;

--- Page 258 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 246 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which is a Reference Rate 
or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable. that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark; 
(iii) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is the Sterling London interbank offered rate, the Swiss Franc 
London interbank offered rate, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate, the Euro 
London interbank offered rate or the Japanese Yen London interbank offered rate, (each, 
a "Specified Rate"), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Relevant Benchmark announcing that (i) the 
regulatory supervisor has determined that such Relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (ii) it is being made in the awareness that the 
statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is SOR, if SOR for a tenor equal to the relevant Interest Period 
(the "relevant tenor") is not published by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. 
(or any successor administrator) (the "SOR Administrator") or an authorised distributor 
and is not otherwise provided by the SOR Administrator, and as of the day that is two 
Singapore and London Banking Days (as defined below) preceding the next following 
Interest Payment Date, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate for the relevant tenor 
has been permanently discontinued or is Non-Representative (as defined below) and there 
is either no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been permanently 
discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is longer than the 
relevant tenor or no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been 
permanently discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is 
shorter than the relevant tenor (and for these purposes (x) the U.S. Dollar London 
interbank offered rate in a particular tenor shall be "Non-Representative" if the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such rate (i) has determined and announced that such 
rate in such tenor is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that such rate is intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored and (ii) is 
aware that certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts have been or are 
engaged, and (y) a "Singapore and London Banking Day" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Singapore and London); 
(v) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is not a Specified Rate, the making of a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark that, in the view of such supervisor or 
administrator, the Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of an underlying 
market;

--- Page 259 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 247 - 
70-41030487 
 
(vi) 
in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which consists of an Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) and which has an Underlying Fallback Rate, a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Underlying Fallback Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Underlying Fallback 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Underlying 
Fallback Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Underlying Fallback Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Underlying Fallback Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Underlying Fallback Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Underlying Fallback Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Underlying Fallback Rate (and, for these purposes, an "Underlying Fallback Rate" 
in relation to such a Relevant Benchmark shall be such rate (if any) as the Issuer 
determines is the rate underlying such Relevant Benchmark); or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark as a 
consequence of which the Relevant Benchmark will, on or before a specified date (i) be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes or (ii) be recommended for 
informational purposes only rather than for use as a benchmark reference rate for securities 
such as the Notes; 
"Index-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which an amount calculated by 
reference to an Index or Indices and/or a formula is payable (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
"Index Rules" means, in respect of an Index, the rules of the Index Sponsor in relation to such 
Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms and any successor corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index 
on a regular basis during or at the end of each Scheduled Trading Day (as the case may be); 
"Index Substitution Notice" means a notice specifying a Substitute Index to be substituted for the 
Index and the date as of which such substitution is to take effect; 
"Initial Index Basket Level" means, with respect to an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Initial Index Level 
of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Initial Index Level 
of the Best Performing Index; 
"Initial Index Level" means, with respect to an Index, either: 
(i) 
the level specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Specified Level with respect to such Index determined with respect to the Strike Date; 
"Initial Securities Basket Price" means, with respect to a Security: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Initial 
Security Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Initial Security 
Price of the Best Performing Security;

--- Page 260 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 248 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Initial Security Price" means, with respect to a Security, either: 
(i) 
the price specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Specified Price with respect to such Security determined with respect to the Strike 
Date; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an Underlying 
Company, (A) all the Securities of that Underlying Company are required to be transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Securities of that Underlying 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of the Securities institutes or has instituted against it by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the issuer of the Securities shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the day determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
customary for fixing the Reference Rate applicable to deposits in the Relevant Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period; provided that where so specified in the relevant Final Terms, such day 
shall be a day (i) if such currency is euro, which is a Euro Business Day, and (ii) if such currency 
is any other currency, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre or centres of the country of such currency (or where such currency is a 
National Currency Unit and the Notes have been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 
(Redenomination), the former principal financial centre or centres) or as otherwise may be 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"IRC" means U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 261 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 249 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Italian Notes" means Notes for which it is specified in the Final Terms that an application is 
expected to be made for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Italian Stock Exchange; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
"Limit Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days); 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the city in which the Principal Paying Agent is located; 
a "Lock-In Coupon Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Lock-In Coupon 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in relation to such Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Lock-In Coupon Level specified in relation 
to such Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Lock-In Coupon Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage 
specified as such for such Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
a "Lock-In Redemption Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Lock-In 
Redemption Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in relation to 
such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Lock-In Redemption 
Trigger Level specified in relation to such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Lock-In Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Redemption Valuation 
Date, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days);

--- Page 262 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 250 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Margin" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period of time) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of an Index (a) the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an 
Early Closure provided that if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security and (y) the overall 
level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(1) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of (aa) a 
Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, OR (cc) an Early Closure; AND (2) the 
aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index of:(aa) a Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (cc) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Multiple Exchange Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to such level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall 
level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the 
Index Sponsor of such Index as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(B) 
in respect of a Security, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an 
Early Closure; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – 
At Maturity); 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means in respect of any relevant Securities, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Securities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Underlying Company with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Securities 
of the Underlying Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Securities (other than such Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Underlying Company is the

--- Page 263 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 251 - 
70-41030487 
 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Securities (other than Securities owned or controlled by 
such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Securities immediately following such event, in each case if the closing date of 
a Merger Event (or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent) is on or before the 
Final Valuation Date; 
If the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, "Merger Event" shall include the occurrence of any of the 
events described in (i) to (iv) (inclusive) above in relation to the relevant Underlying Securities; 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Return Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Multiple Exchange Index" means an Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes" means Notes which relate to a Multiple Exchange 
Index; 
"National Currency Unit" means the national currency unit of any Participating Member State 
that becomes a denomination of the euro by reason of Council Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97, 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 or any other applicable laws; 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Securities (or, if the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, the relevant 
Underlying Securities) or all or substantially all the assets of an Underlying Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority or entity; 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to transfer Settlement Currency between accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to an account 
outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or from an account outside the Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction to an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-Trigger Valuation Date" means a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in relation to which no 
Coupon Trigger Event occurred; 
"Observation Date(s)" means, in respect of an Index or a Security: 
(i) 
each of the dates specified as an Observation Date with respect to the relevant Valuation 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) subject to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(ii) 
if Performance Observation Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day 
(which is not a Disrupted Day) in the Performance Observation Period;

--- Page 264 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 252 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Observation Date Performance" means in relation to any Observation Date: 
(i) 
in respect of a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Observation Date and such Security: 
[
Closing Price
Initial Security Price] 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Observation Date and such Index: 
[
Closing Level
Initial Index Level] 
"Observation Index Basket Level" means, in respect of an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Observation Index 
Level of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Observation Index 
Level of the Best Performing Index; 
"Observation Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Specified Level with respect to such 
Index determined with respect to the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In 
Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable); 
"Observation Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Index: 
[Observation Index Level
Initial Index Level
] 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index Basket other than an Index Basket in respect of which "Average 
Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Index Basket: 
[Observation Index Basket Level
Initial Index Basket Level
] 
(iii) 
in relation to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Level", "Lowest Level" or "Average 
Level" are specified as being applicable, the Observation Index Performance in 
respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Index Performance of each Index comprising the Basket in respect of the relevant 
Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon

--- Page 265 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 253 - 
70-41030487 
 
Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (as applicable) as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up);  
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Index Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) 
shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such 
Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Index comprising the 
Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest 
Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Index Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) 
shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such 
Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Index comprising the 
Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest 
Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; 
"Observation Securities Basket Price" mean, in respect of a Securities Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Observation 
Security Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Observation 
Security Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Observation Security Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Security: 
[Observation Security Price
Initial Security Price
] 
(ii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket other than a Securities Basket in respect of which 
"Average Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a 
percentage (rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Securities Basket: 
[Observation Securities Basket Price
Initial Securities Basket Price
] 
(iii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Price", "Lowest Price" or "Average Price" 
are specified as being applicable, the Observation Security Performance in respect 
of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-
In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) shall be the weighted average (in

--- Page 266 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 254 - 
70-41030487 
 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Security 
Performance of each Security comprising the Basket in respect of the relevant 
Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (as applicable) as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Security Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as 
applicable) shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable 
to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Security 
comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average 
Basket – Lowest Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Security Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as 
applicable) shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable 
to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Security 
comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average 
Basket – Highest Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; 
"Observation Security Price" means, in respect of a Security, the Specified Price with respect to 
such Security determined with respect to the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or 
Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable); 
"Offshore RMB" means RMB that is freely deliverable between accounts in the Offshore RMB 
Centre in accordance with the law and applicable regulation and guidelines issued by relevant 
authorities in the Offshore RMB Centre prevailing as of the Trade Date of the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Centre" means either Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan or any other jurisdiction 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Offshore RMB Disruption" means the occurrence of, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
an Offshore RMB Inconvertibility, Offshore RMB Non-transferability or Offshore RMB 
Illiquidity; 
"Offshore RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes 
it impossible (where it has previously been possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an 
offer price in respect of any amount in Offshore RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay an 
amount under the Notes (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"), in each case on the due date for 
payment or Valuation Date (as the case may be), either in one transaction or a commercially 
reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant 
Disrupted Amount, in the general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre 
in order to perform its obligations under the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that 
makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of 
Offshore RMB no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount into or from USD (or, if the Settlement 
Currency specified in the Final Terms is other than USD, then such Settlement Currency) in the 
general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation);

--- Page 267 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 255 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Offshore RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence in each Offshore RMB Centre of 
any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for 
the Issuer to transfer Offshore RMB (i) between accounts inside an Offshore RMB Centre, (ii) 
from an account inside an Offshore RMB Centre to an account outside such Offshore RMB Centre 
and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore RMB Centre and outside the 
PRC to an account inside such Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). For the purpose of Offshore RMB Non-Transferability and Hong Kong as 
an Offshore RMB Centre only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the 
People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to 
be an account inside Hong Kong; 
"Paying Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent; 
"Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts" means, in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Coupon Trigger Amounts in respect of the Non-
Trigger Valuation Dates falling after the last Coupon Trigger Valuation Date on which a Coupon 
Trigger Event occurred (if any); 
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has adopted 
or adopts the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Participation" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
if no such percentage is specified, the Participation shall be 100%; 
"Performance Observation Period" means, with respect to: 
(i) 
the Strike Date, the period from and including the "Strike Observation Start Date" to 
and including the "Strike Observation End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Strike Observation Period"); 
(ii) 
the Final Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Final Valuation 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Final Valuation Observation End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Performance Observation 
Period"); 
(iii) 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the 
"Autocall Observation Start Date" to and including the "Autocall Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Observation Period"); 
(iv) 
any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Coupon Trigger 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Coupon Trigger Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Coupon Trigger Observation 
Period"); 
(v) 
any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In Coupon 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Coupon Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In Coupon Observation 
Period"); 
(vi) 
any Barrier Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Barrier Observation 
Start Date" to and including the "Barrier Observation End Date", each as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Barrier Observation Period"); and 
(vii) 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In 
Redemption Observation Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Redemption 
Observation End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Redemption Observation Period");

--- Page 268 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 256 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means (i) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of 
relevant Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Securities to existing holders whether by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or (ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Securities of (A) such Securities 
or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Underlying Company equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Securities or (C) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or (iii) an Extraordinary Dividend; or (iv) a call by the 
Underlying Company in respect of relevant Securities that are not fully paid; or (v) a repurchase 
by the Underlying Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Securities whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or (vi) 
in respect of the Underlying Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the Underlying Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or (vii) any other event that may have a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities; or (viii) any other event 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
With respect to Depository Receipts, "Potential Adjustment Event" shall also include (x) the 
occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (viii) (inclusive) above in respect of the relevant 
Underlying Securities, provided that the occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (vi) 
(inclusive) in respect of the relevant Underlying Securities shall not constitute a Potential 
Adjustment Event unless, the Calculation Agent determines that such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Securities and (y) the making of any amendment 
or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement; 
"PRC" means, solely for the purpose stated herein, the People's Republic of China excluding the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong") and 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in relation to the Relevant Rate, such Relevant Rate is not 
available for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Protection Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means: 
(i) 
where the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
where the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the rate of interest determined in accordance with Conditions 4B(c) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA), 4B(d) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – ISDA Determination) or 4B(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions – 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA), as applicable; 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Calculation and Rounding); 
"Redemption Rate" means the percentage in excess of 100% specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 269 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 257 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Redenomination Date" means a date (being, in the case of interest-bearing Notes, a date on which 
interest in respect of such Notes is payable) which: 
(i) 
is specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8(a) 
(Redenomination – General); and 
(ii) 
falls on or after such date as the country of the Settlement Currency becomes a 
Participating Member State; 
"Reference Bank(s)" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Dealers" means leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either BBR, LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Related Exchange" means, subject to the proviso below, in respect of an Index or Security, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index or Security in the relevant Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security 
as on the original Related Exchange) provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified 
as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean in respect 
of an Index or Security each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index or Security, as the case may be; 
"Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the amount payable is 
calculated by reference to the Relevant Rate determined on the related Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
each Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option or other interest rate, yield, cost of fund or 
similar rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Reference 
Rate or Floating Rate Option); 
(b) 
each Relevant Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes 
(or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such 
Relevant Rate);

--- Page 270 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 258 - 
70-41030487 
 
(c) 
each Index specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Index); 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such Notes. 
To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source constitutes an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), such index, benchmark or price source, as applicable, shall be a "Relevant 
Benchmark" from the day on which it is first used; 
"Relevant Benchmark Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and a 
Relevant Benchmark, a date on which such Relevant Benchmark falls to be determined in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
"Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, a 
Relevant Benchmark and a Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, any payment date under the 
Notes for which the amount payable is calculated by reference to the Relevant Benchmark as 
determined on such Relevant Benchmark Determination Date; 
"Relevant Currency" means: 
(i) 
"AUD" which is the lawful currency of Australia; 
(ii) 
"CHF" which is the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
(iii) 
"EUR" which is the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
(iv) 
"GBP" which is the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and 
(v) 
"USD" which is the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Currency Business Day" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate that is the Alternative 
Payment Currency Exchange Rate or Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate or Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate, an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Final Performance" means the Final Index Performance or Final Security 
Performance, as applicable; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre or centres for the currency in which 
payment falls to be made (or, where such currency is a National Currency Unit and the Notes have 
been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination), the former principal 
financial centre or centres) and in any other place set out in the Final Terms. In the case of payments 
which fall to be made in euro (save for payments in relation to Notes which have been 
redenominated into euros pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination)), a Euro Business Day. The 
Relevant Financial Centre Days in relation to any Tranche determined in accordance with the above 
provisions as at the Issue Date shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; or

--- Page 271 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 259 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is 
denominated, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, (iii) a 
group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; 
"Relevant Observation Performance" means the Observation Index Performance or Observation 
Security Performance, as applicable; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate, Alternative Payment 
Cross Currency Rate or Settlement Currency Exchange Rate (as applicable); 
"Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is an Index, 
Condition 16(c) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Cancellation), as if the relevant 
Benchmark Trigger Event were an Index Cancellation; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is a Relevant 
Rate, if "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, Condition 7(e) (Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), as if the 
relevant Benchmark Trigger Event were a Price Source Disruption; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Replacement DRs" means, if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated, any depository 
receipts which the Calculation Agent determines, in accordance with Condition 20 (Events relating 
to DR-Linked Notes) are to replace the Depository Receipts constituted by such terminated Deposit 
Agreement; 
"Replacement Index" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A(b)(ii)(A) (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event); 
"Return Threshold" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Final Averaging Date" means the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Final Observation Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Observation Date; 
"Scheduled FX Fixing Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e) (Payments – Price 
Source Disruption and FX Disruption);

--- Page 272 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 260 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index or a Security (as applicable) (a) any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange 
Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and 
(ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session or (c) 
any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Securities" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the equity securities, debt securities (including 
without limitation Government Bonds), depository receipts or other securities or property, as 
adjusted pursuant to Condition 17 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 18 
(Additional Disruption Events), to which such Notes relate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and subject, in the case of a Series of Notes linked to Depositary Receipts to the provisions of 
Condition 20 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes), or in the case of a Series of Notes linked to 
Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 19 (Adjustments where the Securities are Units in 
an ETF) and Condition 21 (Notes linked to Units in an ETF – General) and "Security" shall be 
construed accordingly; 
"Securities Basket" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the basket of Securities to which such 
Notes relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 17 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 18 (Additional 
Disruption Events) and "Securities Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Settlement Currency as 
published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index or a Security, the period of Clearing System 
Business Days following a trade in the relevant Security or the securities underlying such Index, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such 
period); 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
"SOR" means the synthetic rate for deposits in Singapore Dollars known as the Singapore Dollar 
Swap Offer Rate provided by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd., as the administrator 
of the benchmark (or a successor administrator); 
"SORA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Singapore Overnight Rate Average; 
"Specified Denomination" means, with respect to a Note, the Denomination of such Note; 
"Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day or 
such other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 273 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 261 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Specified Level" means, with respect to an Index, if the Specified Level with respect to the 
relevant Valuation Date is specified to be: 
(i) 
"Single Observation", the Closing Level of such Index on the Valuation Date for which 
the performance of the Index is to be determined; 
(ii) 
"Highest Level", the highest Closing Level of the Index over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
"Lowest Level", the lowest Closing Level of such Index over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
"Average Level", the arithmetic average of the Closing Levels of such Index over the 
Averaging Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Specified Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, with respect to a Security, if the Specified Price with respect to the 
relevant determination of performance is specified to be: 
(i) 
"Single Observation", the Closing Price of such Security on the Valuation Date for which 
the performance of the Security is to be determined; 
(ii) 
"Highest Price", the highest Closing Price of the Security over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
"Lowest Price", the lowest Closing Price of such Security over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
"Average Price", the arithmetic average of the Closing Prices of such Security over the 
Averaging Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up). 
"Strike Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Strike Date in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next 
date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Substitute Index" means, in respect of an Index, a successor index identified by the Calculation 
Agent using commercially reasonable efforts, with characteristics, objectives and rules similar to 
such index in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the Index Cancellation; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system, or any successor thereto;

--- Page 274 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 262 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Underlying Company, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating 
to the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or on any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes); or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Index or the Securities on any relevant Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple 
Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any 
Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Underlying" means either an "Underlying Index" or an "Underlying Security"; 
"Underlying Company" means the issuer of the Security as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, each of the Depository and the issuer of the relevant 
Underlying Security, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 17 
(Adjustments and Events affecting Securities), and subject, in the case of a Series of Notes linked 
to Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 21 (Notes linked to Units in an ETF – General); 
"Underlying Index", in relation to an ETF, means each index to which such ETF relates; 
"Underlying Security" means, with respect to DR-Linked Notes and a Depository Receipt, the 
security and any other property to which such Depository Receipt relates; 
"Unit", in relation to an ETF, has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, a day, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is not a Relevant Currency Business Day and the market was not aware of 
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until on or later than the second Relevant Currency Business Day (or such other 
number of Relevant Currency Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
preceding the Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Index or a Security (as applicable), a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Final 
Valuation Date, Barrier Valuation Date, Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, or Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
(as applicable) does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means the Strike Date, the Final Valuation Date, any Barrier Valuation Date, 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, any 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date or any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date; 
"Valuation Time" means (a) in relation to each Security to be valued or each Index (other than a 
Multiple Exchange Index) the level of which falls to be determined on any date, the time on such 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such date in relation to such Index or Security, as 
applicable. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation

--- Page 275 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 263 - 
70-41030487 
 
Time shall be such actual closing time; or (b) in relation to a Multiple Exchange Index for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred: 
(i) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security, and (ii) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such 
Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange for such Index; and (c) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor and/or set out in the Index Rules for such Index (as applicable); 
"Weighting" means, in respect of each Index or Security (as applicable) comprised in the relevant 
Basket, the percentage weighting assigned to such Index or Security and specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Index" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Level of each Index in the Basket has been 
determined, the Index for which the Specified Level of such Index determined with respect to such 
day divided by the Initial Index Level for such Index is lowest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
"Worst Performing Security" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Price of each Security in the Basket has been 
determined, the Security for which the Specified Price of such Security determined with respect to 
such day divided by the Initial Security Price for such Security is lowest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised bearer form (au porteur) in the denomination specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-
3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries (inscription en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes will, upon issue, be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France"), 
which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders. For the purpose of these Conditions, 
"Account Holders" shall mean any intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"), and 
"holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", "Holder" or "Noteholder" means the individual or 
entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder. 
Title to the Notes shall be evidenced by entries in the books of Account Holders and will pass 
upon, and transfer of the Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in such 
books. 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time request 
from the central depositary the following identification information of the holders of Notes: the 
name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, 
as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and, at their date of issue, (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer for the time being outstanding.

--- Page 276 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 264 - 
70-41030487 
 
4. 
Interest 
4A. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Subject to Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed), this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as 
well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which 
case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (as defined in Condition 1 
(Definitions)) (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
4B. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Subject to Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating), this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Floating Rate Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption

--- Page 277 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 265 - 
70-41030487 
 
unless payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which 
case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA 
If Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis subject always to the provisions of Condition 
13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears in 
the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appears in the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of sub-paragraph (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, then: 
(a) 
if ISDA Determination for Fall-back provisions is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then, subject to the penultimate 
paragraph of this Condition 4B(c) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA), the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with Condition 4B(d) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions – ISDA Determination) on the basis of the 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date and other 
items (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as if fewer than the minimum number of 
Reference Banks specified therein had quoted; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference 
Rate in the Relevant Currency at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal 
financial centre of the Settlement Currency, selected by the

--- Page 278 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 266 - 
70-41030487 
 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Settlement Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that in 
its opinion (x) there is no realistic prospect of the Reference 
Banks providing the quotations specified in (iii)(b)(1) above or 
(y) any such quotations are unlikely to be representative of an 
underlying market: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall not be required to request 
the quotations specified in (iii)(b)(1) above or to make 
the determination specified in (iii)(b)(3) above; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine 
a rate by reference to such other sources and/or 
methodology as it considers appropriate, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to (or where the above proviso applies, elects not to) determine a rate or 
(as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period: (i) subject to (ii) below, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period; or (ii) if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes for which no Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this 
Condition 4B (Interest –Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the 
rate applicable to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for 
which Condition 4A (Interest –Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination for Fall-back 
provisions is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the Calculation Agent may be required to determine 
the relevant Floating Rate by reference to the rates provided by 
certain financial institutions selected by it in accordance with the 
ISDA Definitions in circumstances in which Condition 4B(c)(iii)(a) 
(Interest - Floating Rate Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination 
for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA) applies. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specifies either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions;

--- Page 279 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 267 - 
70-41030487 
 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Option" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the "Designated Maturity" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant "Reset Date" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging 
with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number

--- Page 280 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 268 - 
70-41030487 
 
of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the final Interest Period End 
Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specifies "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication –
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
provided, however, that: 
(1) 
if in relation to any Interest Period the application of the above provisions 
does not result in the determination of an ISDA Rate for any Interest 
Period and if the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) has not determined that a 
Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in relation to a Relevant 
Benchmark relating to the Notes, then (a) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period having regard to such 
facts and circumstances as it considers relevant and (b) the Calculation 
Agent shall not be required to obtain quotations from Reference Banks 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for purposes of determining the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period notwithstanding that it might 
otherwise be required to do so as a fallback procedure for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions; and 
(2) 
if in relation to any Interest Period the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in relation to a 
Relevant Benchmark relating to the Notes then (a) the provisions of 
Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) shall 
apply and (b) the Calculation Agent shall not be required to obtain 
quotations from Reference Banks (as defined in the ISDA Definitions)

--- Page 281 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 269 - 
70-41030487 
 
for purposes of determining the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period 
notwithstanding that it might otherwise be required to do so as a fallback 
procedure for the relevant Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate(s) is/are to be determined, then the 
Calculation Agent may be required to determine the relevant Floating Rate by 
reference to the rates provided by certain financial institutions selected by it in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions if (a) the Floating Rate Option specified in the 
Final Terms refers expressly to "Reference Banks" in its title or (b) the primary 
method for determining the ISDA Rate in accordance with the ISDA Definitions fails 
for any reason (unless the Final Terms specify that ISDA Reference Banks Fallbacks 
are not applicable). 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR 
or SORA 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the Relevant Rate, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period. 
(ii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iii) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable 
on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes 
being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(iv) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the Observation 
Period relating to such Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Lag", "Lock-Out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the Applicable Period. 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) IndexStart to (but 
excluding) IndexEnd. 
"d0" means the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable 
Period. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Reference Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period in chronological

--- Page 282 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 270 - 
70-41030487 
 
order from (and including) the first Reference Rate Business Day in the 
Applicable Period (each a "Reference Rate Business Day(i)"). 
"IndexEnd" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period. 
"IndexStart" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period. 
"Index Value" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index for such Reference 
Rate Business Day as published by authorised redistributors on such 
Reference Rate Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded 
Index cannot be obtained from such authorised redistributors, as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England's 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or on such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA Compounded Index) on the next following Reference Rate 
Business Day; provided, however, that in the event that the value 
originally so published is corrected on such Reference Rate Business 
Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference 
Rate Business Day; and 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value of the SOFR Index published by Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind (or on such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SOFR Index) at or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, that in the 
event that the value originally so published is subsequently corrected and 
such corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate on the original date of publication, 
then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference 
Rate Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website. 
"ni" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the next following Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Non-Reset Date" means each Reference Rate Business Day(i) in an Applicable 
Period, the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to which falls on or 
after the Rate Cut-Off Date (if any). 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Standard Shift" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the period from (and including) the date which is "p" Reference 
Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and in

--- Page 283 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 271 - 
70-41030487 
 
respect of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means the whole number specified as such in the Final Terms representing a 
number of Reference Rate Business Days; 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means: 
(A) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms and "SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Reference Rate Business Day 
immediately prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms and a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the 
relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any Interest Period, the second 
Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination 
Date; 
(C) 
where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and: 
(I) 
"SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, the 
Reference Rate Business Day immediately prior to the Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the final Interest Period only; 
(II) 
a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of any Interest Period other than the final 
Interest Period, the second Reference Rate Business 
Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date in 
relation to the final Interest Period only; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the final Interest Period, the second 
Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the 
Interest Determination Date; and 
(D) 
in any other circumstances, no Rate Cut-Off Date shall apply. 
"Reference Rate" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA (or any successor administrator 
of such rate) to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the Reference 
Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business 
Day; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
published at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding Reference Rate 
Business Day for trades made on such Reference Rate Business Day.

--- Page 284 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 272 - 
70-41030487 
 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such 
Reference Rate Business Day as published by the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") on the Reference 
Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business 
Day; or 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Singapore Overnight Rate 
Average ("SORA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as 
provided by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as the administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) ("MAS"), on the 
website of the MAS currently at http://www.mas.gov.sg or any successor 
website officially designated by the MAS (or as published by its 
authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate Business Day immediately 
following such Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Reference Rate(i)" or "REFi" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business 
Day(i), the Reference Rate for the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation 
to such Reference Rate Business Day(i), provided that where either "Lock Out" 
or "Payment Delay" are specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) in respect of each Interest Non-Reset Date (if 
any) in an Applicable Period shall be Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) as determined 
in relation to the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Euro Business Day; or 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public holiday) 
on which commercial banks settle payments in Singapore. 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i): 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Reference Rate Business Day falling "p" Reference Rate 
Business Days prior to such Reference Rate Business Day(i); and 
(B) 
otherwise, such Reference Rate Business Day(i);

--- Page 285 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 273 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Relevant Rate" means with respect to an Interest Period: 
(A) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms (or is deemed to be not applicable as set out in the 
proviso to paragraph (B) below): 
(I) 
where "Compounded Daily Rate" is specified as the 
Determination Method in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
applicable Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated as 
follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) 
in the case of SONIA, €STR and SORA to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001%), with 0.00005% 
being rounded upwards and (ii) in the case of SOFR to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001%), with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ REFi×ni
Y
) -1
do
i=1
] × Y
d 
(II) 
where "Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the 
Determination Method in the relevant Final Terms the arithmetic 
mean of Reference Rate(i) for each Reference Rate Business 
Day during such Applicable Period (each "Reference Rate 
Business Day(i)"), calculated by multiplying the relevant 
Reference Rate(i) for any Reference Rate Business Day(i) by the 
number of days such Reference Rate(i) is in effect (being the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such Reference 
Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the next following 
Reference Rate Business Day), determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Applicable Period; or 
(B) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the rate calculated as follows, with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) in the case of SONIA, €STR and 
SORA to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0001%), with 0.00005% being rounded upwards and (ii) in the case of 
SOFR to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001%), with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
( IndexEnd
IndexStart
-1) × Y
dc
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any 
reason to determine IndexEnd or IndexStart in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Relevant Rate shall be calculated for such Interest Period as 
if RFR Index Determination had been specified as being not applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms (and accordingly paragraph (A)(I) of this 
definition and "Observation Shift" and "Standard Shift" will apply). 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof). 
"Y" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no number 
is so specified, a number reflecting the denominator for day count fractions 
customarily used to calculate floating rate interest amounts on instruments

--- Page 286 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 274 - 
70-41030487 
 
denominated in the Specified Currency and with an original maturity equal to that 
of the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event) (as applicable): 
(A) 
if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors in respect of the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date, Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of SONIA if the 
administrator of SONIA is a national central bank, or (ii) if the national 
central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation 
or the administrator of SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee 
designated for this purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct 
Authority (or any successor thereto) and the Bank of England and as 
provided by the then administrator or provider of that rate, or if that rate 
is not provided by the then administrator or provider thereof, published 
by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day (the "GBP 
Recommended Rate"); 
(B) 
if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the GBP Recommended Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provision, the Reference Rate in respect 
of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the official bank rate as 
determined by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England 
and published by the Bank of England last provided or published as at 
close of business in London on such Reference Rate Business Day(i); 
and 
(C) 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period); 
provided, however, that if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for 
which no Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this Condition 
4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the rate 
applicable to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for 
which Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
(vi) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as provided in the 
relevant definition thereof for the related Reference Rate Determination 
Date, and:

--- Page 287 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 275 - 
70-41030487 
 
(I) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms a SOFR Transition Event and a related 
SOFR Replacement Date have not both occurred; or 
(II) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred, 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
shall be the Reference Rate in respect of the last Reference Rate Business 
Day prior to the related Reference Rate Determination Date for which 
such Reference Rate was so published as provided in the relevant 
definition thereof. 
(B) 
Where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if; 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred in relation to the Reference 
Rate (or any SOFR Replacement Rate previously determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4(vi) on the Reference Rate 
Business Day on which a determination of Reference Rate is due 
to be made, 
the SOFR Replacement Rate will replace the then-current Reference Rate 
for all purposes and in respect of all determinations on such Reference 
Rate Business Day and (without prejudice to the further operation of this 
Condition 4(vi) all subsequent determinations; provided that, if the 
Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to 
the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation 
with the Issuer) is unable to or does not determine a SOFR Replacement 
Rate in accordance with the provisions below prior to 5:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest rate 
for the related Interest Period will be equal to (A) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period); 
provided, however, that if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for 
which no Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this Condition 
4B (Interest –Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the rate 
applicable to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for 
which Condition 4A (Interest –Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied.

--- Page 288 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 276 - 
70-41030487 
 
(C) 
If "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if: 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred (the first date on which (I) and (II) 
occur, being the "Rate Switch Date"), 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
shall be the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate 
may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or 
spreads) as determined in relation to related Reference Rate 
Determination Date for such Reference Rate Business Day(i); provided, 
however, that, if no such rate has been recommended within one 
Reference Rate Business Day of the Rate Switch Date, then: 
(1) 
subject to (2) below, Reference Rate(i) in relation to each 
Reference Rate Business Day(i) falling on or after the Rate 
Switch Date shall be equal to the rate determined in accordance 
with the definition of Reference Rate(i) or Condition 
4B(e)(vi)(A) (as applicable), but as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to "Reference Rate 
Business Day" were to "New York Fed Business Day", 
but so that in the case of the Applicable Period in which 
the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date occurred, 
"d0" shall be construed so that it means the aggregate of 
(x) the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the 
Applicable Period up to (but excluding) the Rate Switch 
Date and (y) the number of New York Fed Business 
Days in the Applicable Period relating to such Interest 
Period from (and including) the Rate Switch Date (and 
"i" shall be construed accordingly); 
(bb) 
references to "daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate" 
were to the "daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate"; 
(cc) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" were 
references to "OBFR Index Cessation Event"; and 
(dd) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" 
were references to "OBFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date"; and 
(2) 
if, (A) in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published 
as provided in (1) above for the related Reference Rate

--- Page 289 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 277 - 
70-41030487 
 
Determination Date and (B) an OBFR Index Cessation Event 
and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date have both 
occurred (the first date on which (A) and (B) occur, being the 
"OBFR Switch Date"), then, in relation to each Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) falling on or after the later of the Rate Switch 
Date and the OBFR Switch Date, Reference Rate(i) shall be 
equal to the rate determined in accordance with the definition of 
Reference Rate(i) or Condition 4B(e)(vi)(A) (as applicable), but 
as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to "Reference Rate 
Business Day" were to "New York Fed Business Day", 
but so that in the case of the Applicable Period in which 
the OBFR Switch Date occurred, "d0" shall be construed 
so that it means the aggregate of (x) the number of 
Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable Period 
up to (but excluding) the OBFR Switch Date and (y) the 
number of New York Fed Business Days in the 
Applicable Period relating to such Interest Period from 
(and including) the OBFR Switch Date (and "i" shall be 
construed accordingly); and 
(bb) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to the "daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at or 
around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding 
Reference Rate Business Day for trades made on such 
Reference Rate Business Day" were a reference to the 
short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee, as published on the Federal 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference 
Rate Determination Date, or if the Federal Open Market 
Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee, as published on the Federal 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference 
Rate Determination Date (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest second decimal place with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards); 
(D) 
The Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) may at any time, specify any SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (without prejudice to the further 
operation of this Condition 4B(e)(vi) and, for the avoidance of doubt, no 
consent of the Noteholders of the relevant Series shall be required in 
connection with effecting such changes, including for the execution of 
any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the 
parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). The Issuer shall promptly 
following 
determination 
of 
any 
changes 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 4B(e)(vi) give notice thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy 
to the Calculation Agent) (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)). 
(E) 
Definitions 
"designee" means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer.

--- Page 290 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 278 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Board of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
currently 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any successor website; 
"ISDA Definitions" means (for the purposes of this Condition 
4B(e)(vi)(E)) the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Reference Rate 
for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Reference Rate 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
"New York Fed Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Fedwire Securities Services or the Fedwire 
Funds Service of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to an OBFR 
Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate) ceases to publish the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
or the date as of which the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no 
longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or 
provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide a daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions;

--- Page 291 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 279 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Reference 
Rate means (1) if the Reference Rate is SOFR, the time specified for such 
determination specified in the definition of the Reference Rate, and (2) if 
the Reference Rate is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation with the Issuer) after 
giving effect to the SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"SIFMA" means the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) ceases to publish the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate, or the date as of which the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate may no longer be used; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to publish or 
provide a daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the use of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation with the Issuer) as of 
the SOFR Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement;

--- Page 292 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 280 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation 
with the Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustments, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current Reference Rate with the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time. 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any SOFR Replacement Rate or a replacement rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 4B(e)(vi)(B) (the "Relevant Replacement 
Rate"), changes to (1) any Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment 
Date, Effective Interest Payment Date, Reference Time, Business Day 
Convention or Interest Period, (2) the manner, timing and frequency of 
determining the rate and amounts of interest that are payable on the Notes 
during the Interest Period and the conventions relating to such 
determination and calculations with respect to interest, (3) rounding 
conventions, (4) tenors and (5) any other terms or provisions of the Notes 
during the Interest Period, in each case that the Issuer acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation with Issuer) 
determine, from time to time, to be appropriate to reflect the 
determination and implementation of the Relevant Replacement Rate in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation with the 
Issuer) decide that implementation of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or determine that no market practice for 
use of the Relevant Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation, to 
the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determine is appropriate (acting in good faith)). 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event," the later of (i) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date 
on which the administrator of the Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Replacement

--- Page 293 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 281 - 
70-41030487 
 
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination. 
"SOFR Replacement Rate" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation with the Issuer) as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date. 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation with the Issuer) as the 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Reference Rate for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a SOFR Replacement Rate 
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same 
length (disregarding business day adjustments) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Reference Rate. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Reference Rate (or such component), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
(or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Reference Rate (or such component) or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no

--- Page 294 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 282 - 
70-41030487 
 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer representative. 
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement Rate 
excluding the SOFR Replacement Rate Adjustment. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "€STR" or "SORA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event) (as applicable), if, in respect of any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Applicable Period, the Reference Rate has not 
been published as provided in the definition thereof in respect of the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date (the "Relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date"), Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) shall be the Reference Rate as determined on the Reference Rate 
Business Day preceding the Relevant Reference Rate Determination Date on 
which the Reference Rate has been published as provided in the definition thereof. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of the Notes for such Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount of the Notes notwithstanding that the formula specified in the relevant 
Final Terms may provide for calculation in relation to the Calculation Amount; 
or 
(ii) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (as 
defined in Condition 1 (Definitions)) (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than an 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above 
paragraph but as if reference therein to "Interest Period" were to such other period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date (whether 
as a result of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event or for any other 
reason) interest shall be payable with respect to the period from and including the most 
recent Interest Payment Date to but excluding the final date of redemption.

--- Page 295 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 283 - 
70-41030487 
 
(h) 
Dividend Equivalent Payments 
In respect of any Series of Notes where the principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes is determined by reference to one or more variables such as an index, formula, 
security, currency exchange rate, interest rate or other factor (each variable being a 
"Reference Asset" or, if it is comprised in a basket of variables, a "Reference Asset 
Component"), if the Final Terms in respect of such Notes states the Notes are "Section 
871(m) Notes", the Final Terms shall further specify whether the "Dividend Withholding" 
or "Issuer Withholding" approach to withholding in relation to Section 871(m) IRC shall 
be applicable to the Notes. 
If "Dividend Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall provide for the Issuer to make payments to Noteholders in respect of any 
dividend equivalent amounts received or deemed received in respect of any Reference 
Asset or Reference Asset Component and shall include provisions relating to the amount 
and timing of such payments. 
If "Issuer Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Terms shall 
specify whether any dividend equivalent amounts are to be treated as being reinvested 
during the term of the Notes and what portion thereof is expected as of the Issue Date to 
be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having been withheld from a payment 
due to the Noteholders 
(i) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s), to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(j) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 4B 
(Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will be made by the 
Calculation Agent and will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
4C. 
Coupon Trigger Notes 
This Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is applicable where Coupon Trigger Event 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, subject to the additional provisions of 
Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon Event) and Condition 4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery Event) below. 
If a Coupon Trigger Event occurs in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, then the Issuer 
shall pay, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount 
equivalent to the Coupon Trigger Amount on the relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will cause any Coupon Trigger Amount required to be determined by it 
together with details of the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date to be notified to the Paying Agents as 
soon as practicable after such determination (including where such amount is payable following 
the occurrence of a Lock-In Coupon Event in accordance with Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon 
Event) below).

--- Page 296 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 284 - 
70-41030487 
 
If a Coupon Trigger Event does not occur in relation to a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, then no 
Coupon Trigger Amount under this Condition 4C shall be payable in respect of the Notes on the 
relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date. 
4D. 
Lock-In Coupon Event 
This Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon Event) is applicable to the Notes only if Lock-In Coupon 
Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
If a Lock-In Coupon Event occurs in relation to any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, then the 
Issuer shall, notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 4C (Coupon Trigger Notes) pay, 
in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equivalent 
to the Coupon Trigger Amount on each relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date falling on or after 
the relevant Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date. 
4E. 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event 
This Condition 4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery Event) shall apply if Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
If a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event occurs in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
then (in addition to any Coupon Trigger Amount that might be payable pursuant to Condition 4C) 
the Issuer shall pay, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation 
Amount equivalent to the Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts on the relevant Coupon Trigger 
Payment Date. 
If a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event does not occur in relation to a Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date, then no Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount shall be payable in respect of the Notes on the 
relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date under this Condition 4E (notwithstanding any amount 
which might be payable pursuant to Condition 4C). 
The Calculation Agent will cause any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts required to be 
determined by it together with details of the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date to be notified to the 
Paying Agents as soon as practicable after such determination. 
4F. 
Relevant Rate - Fixed 
If Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is further specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then this Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed) shall apply. 
Where this Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed) is applicable, to the extent that a "Coupon Trigger 
Amount" and/or "Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount" is payable in accordance with the relevant 
Condition, the quantum of any Coupon Trigger Amount (including such Coupon Trigger Amounts 
as are required to be calculated to determine any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts) shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4A (Fixed Rate Notes). 
4G. 
Relevant Rate - Floating 
If Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and "Relevant Rate – Floating" is further specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then this Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating) shall apply. 
Where this Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating) is applicable, to the extent that a "Coupon 
Trigger Amount" and/or "Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount" is payable in accordance with the 
relevant Condition, the quantum of any Coupon Trigger Amount (including such Coupon Trigger 
Amounts as are required to be calculated to determine any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts) 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4B (Floating Rate Notes).

--- Page 297 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 285 - 
70-41030487 
 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at an amount per Calculation Amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") in 
the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity) together with 
Conditions 5(b) (Redemption Provisions) on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the scheduled date on which such Note is to be redeemed (the "Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the Final Valuation Date, calculate 
the Final Redemption Amount in relation to each Note. Subject to Condition 5(j) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) and Condition 5(c) (Lock-In 
Redemption) the Final Redemption Amount of a Note will be calculated in accordance 
with one of the following paragraphs of this Condition 5(b), depending on the type of Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Booster with Barrier Redemption 
If Booster with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, 100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(ii) 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption 
If Airbag with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and no Barrier Event has occurred, the result 
of the following formula: 
Max {Conditional Protection Percentage; 100%+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}

--- Page 298 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 286 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the result of 
the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(D) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(iii) 
Barrier Redemption 
If Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and/or no Barrier Event has occurred, 100%; 
or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(iv) 
Digital with Barrier Redemption 
If Digital with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(v) 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption 
If Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and

--- Page 299 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 287 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(vi) 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption 
If Growth with Full Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {Protection Level Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
(vii) 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Growth with Partial Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
(viii) 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Digital with Partial Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and

--- Page 300 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 288 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
(ix) 
Buffer Redemption 
If Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Strike Percentage, 100%; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike 
Percentage, the result of the following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(x) 
Booster with Buffer Redemption 
If Booster with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xi) 
Digital with Buffer Redemption 
If Digital with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and

--- Page 301 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 289 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage; 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xii) 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption 
If Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}; 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xiii) 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Min[100% + Cap; Minimum Redemption Percentage + [Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the Minimum Redemption Percentage. 
(c) 
Lock-In Redemption

--- Page 302 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 290 - 
70-41030487 
 
If Lock-In Redemption Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding any provision of Condition 5(b), if a Lock-In Redemption Event has 
occurred with respect to the Notes, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
Lock-In Redemption Percentage. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If in respect of a Series of Notes Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and: 
(i) 
on a subsequent date for the payment of interest on such Series of Notes the Issuer 
would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer were to seek to redeem such Notes (for which purpose no regard shall 
be had to whether or not the Issuer would otherwise be entitled to redeem such 
Notes), the Issuer would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice (ending, in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date) to the Noteholders in respect of 
such Series of Notes, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes, at their Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued 
and unpaid, if any, to the date fixed for redemption provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days (or in the case of Floating Rate Notes a 
number of days which is equal to the lesser of the aggregate of the number of days in the 
then current Interest Period plus 60 days and 90 days) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. 
Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons) the Issuer may obtain a certificate of an 
independent legal adviser or accountant to the effect either that such a circumstance does 
exist or that, upon a change in or amendment to the laws of the United Kingdom (including 
any regulations pursuant thereto), or in the interpretation or administration thereof, which 
at the date of such certificate is proposed and in the opinion of such legal adviser or 
accountant is reasonably expected to become effective on or prior to the date on which the 
relevant payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes would otherwise be made, 
becoming so effective, such circumstances would exist and any such certificate shall be 
sufficient to establish the circumstances required by this Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
(e) 
Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes 
This Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Autocallable 
Notes) applies only where Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs in relation to any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and subject to Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation 
and Rounding), the redemption amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon 
redemption of each Note shall be an amount per Calculation Amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 303 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 291 - 
70-41030487 
 
(f) 
Early Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate its obligations under the Notes, if the 
Calculation Agent shall have determined that the performance of such obligations under 
the Notes (or, the Issuer's or the Issuer's designated affiliates' obligations under any 
hedging arrangements established in connection therewith) shall after the Trade Date: 
(i) 
have become unlawful, or 
(ii) 
unless "Early Redemption for Impracticability" is specified as not applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, have become impracticable, 
in whole or in part, including, without limitation, as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any 
requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant obligations have become unlawful, the Issuer may obtain an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser to that effect prior to terminating its obligations under the Notes, 
and any such opinion shall be sufficient to establish the circumstances required by this 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality). In such 
circumstances the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
(g) 
Purchases 
Each of the Issuer and any person directly or indirectly connected with the Issuer may at 
any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, and such Notes may 
be transferred by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation or, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, held in custody by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or 
sold, resold or otherwise disposed of by the Issuer in accordance and within the limits set 
by French law from time to time. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At 
Maturity), 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes) or 5(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality), and all Notes purchased by 
the Issuer for cancellation pursuant to Condition 5(g) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Purchases), shall be cancelled forthwith. All Notes redeemed or purchased and cancelled 
as aforesaid may not be re-issued or resold. 
(i) 
No Other Redemption Provisions 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity), 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Redemption for Autocallable Notes), 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
for Illegality), Condition 16 (Adjustments to Indices), Condition 17 (Adjustments and 
Events affecting Securities), Condition 18 (Additional Disruption Events) and Condition 
20 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes). 
(j) 
Calculation and Rounding 
Any redemption amount payable on redemption of a Note (the "Redemption Amount") 
shall be calculated pursuant to this Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and in 
rounding any values determined or calculated in connection with such Redemption 
Amount, the Calculation Agent shall apply the following rounding conventions: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be

--- Page 304 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 292 - 
70-41030487 
 
calculated in relation to the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes, 
rounded to the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) notwithstanding 
that the formula specified in the relevant Final Terms may provide for the 
Redemption Amount to be calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount rounded to the nearest currency 
sub-unit (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention). 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Taxation 
6A. 
Taxation – No gross-up 
This Condition 6A (Taxation – No gross-up) will be applicable to all Series of Notes unless it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold 
or deduct, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in connection with such 
withholding or deduction. 
6B. 
Taxation – Gross-up 
This Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) will only be applicable to a Series of Notes where it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that this Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. 
In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold or deduct, it will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Note who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of it having some 
connection with the United Kingdom or any other relevant jurisdiction, other than the mere 
holding of such Note; 
(b) 
unless it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent, that the Holder is 
unable to avoid such withholding or deduction by satisfying any statutory requirement or 
by making a declaration of non residence or other similar claim for exemption to the 
relevant tax authorities or by notifying (and/or presenting evidence of such notification to) 
any tax authorities of such payment of principal or interest; 
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (defined below);

--- Page 305 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 293 - 
70-41030487 
 
(d) 
unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent that the Holder, 
immediately upon becoming the Holder, (i) was eligible for the benefits of a tax treaty 
with the United Kingdom or any other relevant jurisdiction that provides for a complete 
exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the Notes, or (ii) was otherwise 
entitled to a complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the Notes; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is not the sole beneficial owner of the 
Note, or a portion thereof, or that is a fiduciary or partnership, but only to the extent that 
a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner or member of the 
partnership would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the 
beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or 
distributive share of the payment. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due 
but, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such money having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the relevant Holders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
If the Issuer becomes resident for tax purposes in any taxing jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom, references in this Condition 6 (Taxation) to the United Kingdom shall be construed as 
references to the United Kingdom and/or such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest or both in respect of the relevant Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 6 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the principal amount payable on the relevant Notes on the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
the principal amount payable on redemption of the relevant Notes prior to such Maturity 
Date; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold 
or deduct any amounts permitted or required by the rules of IRC Section 871(m) or IRC 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("U.S. Permitted Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any U.S. Permitted Withholding deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other than an agent of 
the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of U.S. Permitted Withholding. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be made in the relevant 
Settlement Currency by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant Settlement 
Currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. Any payment 
validly made to any such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in 
respect of such payment. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation).

--- Page 306 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 294 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Payments on Relevant Financial Centre Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note is not a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until 
the next day which is such a day and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise 
shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to 
pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 4B 
(Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions). 
(c) 
General Provisions 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer reserves the right to require 
any person receiving payment of principal or, as the case may be, payment of interest with 
respect to any Note to provide a Paying Agent with such certification or information as 
may be required to enable the Issuer or any parent or holding company of the Issuer or any 
subsidiary of any such parent or holding company to comply with the requirements of the 
U.S. Federal Income Tax laws or such other laws as the Issuer or any such parent or 
holding company or subsidiary thereof may be required to comply with. 
(d) 
Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent 
If: 
(i) 
"Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, or is applicable in accordance with the proviso to 
Condition 7(e)(Y)(Payments - Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption); or 
(ii) 
a Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event has occurred and is continuing, 
Then, if by reason of a FX Disruption Event or a Clearing System Currency Eligibility 
Event, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of the Notes when due in the 
Settlement Currency, the Issuer may, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars or any other 
currency specified as the Alternative Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms on the 
due date at the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent of any such amount due. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 7(d) (Payments – Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent) by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. By acceptance thereof, 
purchasers of the Notes will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed and to have 
waived any and all actual or potential conflicts of interest that may arise as a result of the 
calculation of the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption 
(X) 
If "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then, if on any day on which the Calculation Agent is required to 
determine a Relevant Rate (a "Scheduled FX Fixing Date"): 
(A) 
a Price Source Disruption occurs, (other than as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday), the Calculation Agent shall: 
(1) 
determine the Relevant Rate by reference to the rate of exchange 
published by available recognised financial information vendors 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) on the Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date (the "Fallback Reference Price"); or 
(2) 
unless the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable, in 
the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
Fallback Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1)

--- Page 307 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 295 - 
70-41030487 
 
above or the Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback 
Reference Price so determined does not accurately represent the 
rate which the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer 
would be able to obtain in the general foreign exchange market, 
the Calculation Agent will request four Reference Dealers to 
provide a quotation of their rate for the Relevant Rate as of the 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date. If at least two quotations are 
provided, the Relevant Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if (i) the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable and 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a Fallback 
Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) above or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback Reference Price 
so determined does not accurately represent the rate which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer would be able to 
obtain in the general foreign exchange market; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Rate determined 
in accordance with paragraph (2) above does not accurately 
represent the rate which the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer would be able to obtain in the general foreign 
exchange market; or (iii) fewer than 2 quotations are provided 
by Reference Dealers following the Calculation Agent's request 
pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Rate on the first succeeding Business 
Day on which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist; 
provided, however, that if the Price Source Disruption 
continues for thirty consecutive calendar days (or such other 
number of calendar days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (the "FX Cut-
off Date"), the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the Relevant Rate on that FX Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
an Unscheduled Holiday occurs (whether or not a Price Source 
Disruption also occurs), the Scheduled FX Fixing Date for such Relevant 
Rate and all other Relevant Rates which have the same Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date shall be postponed to the first succeeding Relevant Currency 
Business Day; provided, however that in the event that the Scheduled 
FX Fixing Date is postponed as a result of the occurrence of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (a "Postponed FX Fixing Day"), and if the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day has not occurred on or before the thirtieth 
consecutive calendar day (or such other number of calendar days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing 
Date (any such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after 
the Deferral Period that is or would have been a Relevant Currency 
Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day and the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the Relevant Rate on that Postponed FX Fixing Day. 
(Y) 
If at any time, a FX Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may elect to either: 
(A) 
unless Redemption following FX Disruption Event is specified as being 
not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, having given not less than five 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (and, if the FX Disruption Event occurs on a 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date on which there is a Price Source Disruption 
or Unscheduled Holiday, and the Early Redemption Amount is specified 
as being Fair Market Value in the relevant Final Terms, for the purposes

--- Page 308 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 296 - 
70-41030487 
 
of determining such Fair Market Value the Calculation Agent shall first 
determine any Relevant Rate (A) in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(X)(A) or (X)(B) above, as applicable, of this Condition 7(e) (Payments 
– Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) if "Price Source 
Disruption" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or, 
otherwise (B) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) on 
the date notified to the Noteholders; or 
(B) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
Conditions as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or 
account for any market practice that develops in respect of the FX 
Disruption Event, 
provided, however that in relation to sub-paragraphs (Y)(A) and (Y)(A) above, if as a 
result of the FX Disruption Event the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of 
the Notes when due in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer may settle any such payment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 7(d) (Payments – Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent). 
If a Scheduled FX Fixing Date is postponed in accordance with this Condition 7(e) 
(Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), any Related Payment Date will 
also be postponed, if needed, such that the Related Payment Date shall fall at least three 
(3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, 
the FX Cut-off Date or Postponed FX Fixing Day, as applicable. 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
General 
Where redenomination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and in 
respect of Notes denominated in a National Currency Unit, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, upon giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), designate a Redenomination Date. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
each Note shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law) be deemed to be redenominated into such amount of euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the 
principal amount of that Note in the Settlement Currency, converted into euro at 
the rate for the conversion of the relevant Settlement Currency into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty 
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with EC 
regulations); provided, however, that if the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that market practice in respect of the 
redenomination into euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different 
from that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
Paying Agents of the changes that will be required so as to comply with such 
market practice and such changes shall be deemed to be effective on the date 
which is 5 days following the date on which such notice is given to the 
Noteholders; 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date 
is on or after such date as the relevant Settlement Currency ceases to be a 
sub-division of the euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro, as though 
references in the Notes to the Settlement Currency were to euro. Such payments 
will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account

--- Page 309 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 297 - 
70-41030487 
 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of any member state of the European Union; and 
(iii) 
such other changes will be made to the Conditions as the Issuer acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner may decide to conform such Notes to 
conventions then applicable to Notes denominated in euro. Any such other 
changes will not take effect until after it has been notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit 
or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(b) 
Interest 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Redenomination – 
General): 
(i) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable annually, any interest 
required to be calculated for a period of less than one year in respect of the Notes 
shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 
365 (or, if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number 
of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the number of those 
days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); provided, however, that if the 
Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner determines that the market 
practice in respect of internationally offered euro denominated securities is 
different from that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Noteholders, and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that will be required so as to 
comply with such market practice and such changes shall be deemed to be 
effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which such notice is 
given to the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable quarterly or 
semi-annually, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on any 
Interest Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
principal amount of such Note, dividing the product by four or two (as the case 
may be) and rounding the figure down to the nearest euro 0.01. If interest is 
required to be calculated for any other period, it shall be calculated on the basis 
of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed 
fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number of those days falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (b) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); provided, however, that if the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that the market practice in respect of 
internationally offered euro denominated securities is different from that specified 
above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and each listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents 
of the changes that will be required so as to comply with such market practice and 
such changes shall be deemed to be effective on the date which is 5 days following 
the date on which such notice is given to the Noteholders; 
(iii) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Amount payable in respect of the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the principal amount of such Note during the Interest 
Period, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in such Interest 
Period divided by 360 and rounding the resulting figure down to the nearest euro 
0.01; and

--- Page 310 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 298 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iv) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for any subsequent Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of provisions 
which it determines reflects the market practice in respect of internationally 
offered euro denominated securities. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing in relation to a Series of Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to remedy a default in the repayment of any principal due on the Notes of 
such Series or any of them or in the payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes of 
such Series or any of them, in each case within 14 days of notice of such default having 
been given to the Principal Paying Agent or other Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) by the Representative, acting upon the request of any Noteholder, provided 
that it shall not be such a default to withhold or refuse any such payment (1) if the Issuer 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that there is a 
material risk of the payment being contrary to any fiscal or other law or regulation or the 
order of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any statement, guidance, policy, 
recommendation or interpretation of any governmental or regulatory body (whether or not 
having the force of law), in each case applicable to such payment (and any such 
determination made by the Issuer in accordance with advice given at any time by 
independent legal advisers shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders) or (2) in 
cases of doubt as to the validity or applicability of any such law, regulation or order, in 
accordance with advice given at any time by independent legal advisers as to such validity 
or applicability; or 
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer in 
England (otherwise than in connection with a scheme of reconstruction or amalgamation 
the terms of which shall previously have been approved in writing by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Holders of the relevant Series of Notes), 
then the Representative, acting upon request of any Holder, may, upon written notice addressed to 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, declare all the Notes held by such Holder to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with interest accrued and 
unpaid until the date of its redemption, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of 
any kind. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in 
the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect 
thereof. 
11. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to Noteholders 
All notices to the Holders of Notes will be valid: (i) if published in one leading daily 
newspaper with circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or, if 
such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe); or (ii) by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared; provided that, in the case of Notes admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules 
of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation have been complied with. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or delivery or, 
if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication (or, if required to be

--- Page 311 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 299 - 
70-41030487 
 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). 
(b) 
Notices from Noteholders 
Notices given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Principal Paying Agent or other Paying Agent at its specified office. 
12. 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
(a) 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agent and the 
initial Calculation Agents and their respective initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or 
Calculation Agent and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent or Calculation Agent acts, provided that, so long as any Notes are 
outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of an insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after notice has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
(c) 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Conditions for the purposes of the Notes (including any determinations by the Calculation 
Agent as to the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes) shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
The Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall not act as agents for the Noteholders 
but shall be the agents of the Issuer. All calculation functions required of the Calculation 
Agent under these Conditions may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation 
Agent, in its absolute discretion, may decide. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which 
will be governed by the provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as amended, except for those Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency), by this Condition 13. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the 
Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders may exercise individually in 
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(b) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
(c) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative (the "Initial Representative") and its 
alternate (if any) (the "Alternative Representative"), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.

--- Page 312 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 300 - 
70-41030487 
 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by the Alternative 
Representative, if any. In addition, another Representative may be appointed in such event, 
pursuant to a Collective Decision of the Noteholders. 
Any appointment or change of the Representative in accordance with this paragraph (c) 
will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 11 
(Notices)). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the Alternative Representative (if any) at the head office of the 
Issuer. 
(d) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. All legal proceedings 
against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(e) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), 
or (ii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 66.67 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the 
"Written Resolution"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris 
time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). The 
Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(f) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal 
amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand 
for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to 
petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to 
the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation if the quorum 
requirement for the General Meeting on first convocation is not met. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a two thirds majority of votes cast by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be

--- Page 313 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 301 - 
70-41030487 
 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or 
by correspondence. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued 
with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the 
lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such Note. 
(g) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Noteholders of such Series by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents 
in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders of such Series. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 11 (Notices) no less than 15 
calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the 
"Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by Noteholders who 
wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date 
will, by virtue of having expressed their approval or rejection before the Written 
Resolution Date, have irrevocably undertaken not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Resolution Date. 
Written Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 
66.67 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are 
outstanding, without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 11 (Notices). Approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by Electronic 
Consent. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a 
resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
(h) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code de commerce, and 
the related provisions of the French Code de commerce, shall not apply to Notes with a 
denomination equal to or greater than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
(i) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all reasonable expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, 
including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, 
more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under 
the Notes.

--- Page 314 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 302 - 
70-41030487 
 
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such sole 
Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted with the 
Representative and the Collective Decisions by the provisions of this Condition 13 
(Meetings of Holders), as appropriate. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions the 
sole Noteholder will have taken in such capacity and shall make them available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders), the term 
"outstanding" shall not include those Notes that are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
13A 
Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
(a) 
This Condition 13A shall apply except that where Condition 4B(e) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) is 
applicable and "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 13A shall not apply in relation to SOFR as the Reference Rate. 
(b) 
If the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in relation 
to a Relevant Benchmark relating to a Series of Notes, then: 
(i) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
unless the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
that replacing the Relevant Benchmark with the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index would not produce a commercially reasonable result, 
references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be replaced 
with references to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index with effect from 
the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(B) 
the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner shall make such 
other adjustments to the Conditions as it determines are necessary to 
account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index in place of such Relevant Benchmark including, 
without limitation, to any variable, margin, calculation methodology, 
valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has not been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms or the Issuer acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines that replacing the Relevant 
Benchmark with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index would not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner shall do any of the following: 
(A) 
determine that references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed 
to be replaced by references to such index, benchmark or price source as 
the Issuer determines would have the effect of placing the Issuer in an 
economically equivalent position to that which it would have been in had 
the Benchmark Trigger Event not occurred (the "Replacement Index") 
(and in making such determination the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall be entitled to take into account such facts and 
circumstances as it considers relevant including, without limitation, (i)

--- Page 315 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 303 - 
70-41030487 
 
any index, benchmark or other price source which measures the same 
market or economic reality as the Relevant Benchmark and which is 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by the administrator or 
sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or (ii) any index, benchmark or other 
price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, in each case to replace the Relevant 
Benchmark), in which case: 
(1) 
references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be 
replaced with references to such Replacement Index with effect 
from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner shall 
make such other adjustments to the Conditions as it determines 
are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of 
referencing the Replacement Index in place of such Relevant 
Benchmark including, without limitation, to any variable, 
margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Notes; or 
(B) 
follow the steps for determining the relevant rate or level set out in the 
Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions (if any); or 
(C) 
determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the date selected by the Issuer acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and give notice of such redemption to 
the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices); 
provided, however, that if (1) it is or would be unlawful at any time under applicable law 
or regulation or (2) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each 
case, for any of the above provisions or determinations to apply to the Notes, then such 
provision shall not apply and the Issuer shall not make such determination (as the case 
may be) and the Issuer shall instead take any of the above actions that complies with the 
applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
(c) 
In making any determination under this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner shall take account 
of such facts and circumstances as it considers relevant, including, without limitation, any 
determinations made in respect of any of the Issuer's hedging arrangements in relation to 
the Notes (including in respect of any termination or re-establishment of hedging 
arrangements) and the Issuer's funding costs; provided, however, that, in the case of a 
Series of Italian Notes, it shall not take account of any such determinations made in respect 
of such hedging arrangements and/or the Issuer's funding costs. 
(d) 
If the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner is not able to determine the 
Relevant Benchmark in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 13A 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) on any Relevant Benchmark 
Determination Date, then the Relevant Benchmark Determination Date shall be postponed 
to such date as it is able to make such determination and any Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that the Related Payment Date shall 
fall at least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of days as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed Relevant Benchmark Determination 
Date. 
(e) 
No further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any 
payment postponed pursuant to this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest payable in respect of the 
Notes on a Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date which is so postponed shall be 
calculated as if such Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date had not been postponed

--- Page 316 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 304 - 
70-41030487 
 
pursuant to this Condition 13A) (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) unless, in 
the case of a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 4A (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or 4B (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any replacement for a Relevant 
Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(A) or (b)(ii)(A) above give notice thereof and of 
any changes pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii)(A)(2) (as applicable) to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
11 (Notices)). 
(g) 
Without prejudice to Condition 16(b) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Modification), if the 
definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, or other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, is changed, then references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be to such Relevant 
Benchmark as so changed. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series to create and issue further notes ranking equally in all respects with the Notes of such Series 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
15. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), "Limit 
Valuation Date" shall mean, if any Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation 
Date in respect of a Note is a Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days following such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
If any Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the Valuation 
Date or Observation Date (as applicable) shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, provided that the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) shall not fall after the Limit Valuation Date. In 
that case: 
(1) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Note, the Limit Valuation Date will be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable), 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date determined in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation 
Date of each security or other property comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, its 
estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(2) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Note, the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable), 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the value of the relevant 
Security as of the Valuation Time on that Limit Valuation Date;

--- Page 317 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 305 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
in the case of a Note which relates to an Index Basket, the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) for each Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation 
Date (as applicable) and the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) 
for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Index, unless each of the succeeding Scheduled Trading Days (up to and 
including the Limit Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Index. In that case, the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to 
be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for the relevant Index 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Index, as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Limit Valuation Date of each security or other property comprised 
in the relevant Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, 
its estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(C) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a Securities Basket, the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) for each Security not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled 
Observation Date (as applicable), and the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) for each Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Security, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days (up to and including 
the Limit Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Security. In that case, (1) the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable)for the relevant Security, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its estimate of the value for that Security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Limit Valuation Date. 
(c) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, then notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Conditions, the following provisions will apply to the valuation 
of the relevant Index or Security: 
(A) 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, if the consequence specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to "Averaging Date Market Disruption" 
with respect to the relevant Averaging Date is: 
(1) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a 
relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant Final 
Security Price, Final Index Level, Final Redemption Amount, Coupon 
Trigger Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging 
Date would occur with respect to the relevant Index, then 
Condition 15(b) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) will apply for 
purposes of determining the relevant level or relevant value (as 
applicable), price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such final 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day. If any 
Averaging Dates occur after the relevant Valuation Date as a result of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the relevant 
amount due under the relevant Note or (ii) the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event or a Potential Adjustment Event, shall be 
determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as though it were 
a Valuation Date and Condition 15(d) (Consequences of Disrupted Days)

--- Page 318 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 306 - 
70-41030487 
 
shall apply as if the relevant Valuation Date had been postponed to such 
last Averaging Date in accordance with this Condition 15 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days); 
(2) 
"Postponement", then Condition 15(b) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level or 
relevant value (as applicable), price or amount on that Averaging Date as 
if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day 
irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the relevant Notes. If any Averaging Dates occur 
after the relevant Valuation Date as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the relevant amount due under 
the relevant Note or (ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or a 
Potential Adjustment Event shall be determined by reference to the last 
such Averaging Date as though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 
15(d) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant 
Valuation Date had been postponed to such last Averaging Date in 
accordance with this Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(3) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(aa) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, 
such Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date immediately 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date in relation to the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then the Limit Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether 
that Limit Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and 
(i) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
15(b)(A)(1) (Consequences of Disrupted Days); and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
15(b)(A)(2); and 
(bb) 
in the case of a Note which relates to an Index Basket and/or a 
Securities Basket, the Averaging Date for each Index or Security 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date and the Averaging Date for an Index 
or Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Security. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Index or Security has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Limit Valuation Date immediately following the Scheduled 
Final Averaging Date, then the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
Limit Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 15(b)(B) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days); and

--- Page 319 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 307 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 15(b)(C) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days). 
If any Averaging Dates occur after the relevant Valuation Date as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the 
relevant redemption amount due under the relevant Note or (ii) the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or Potential Adjustment Event 
shall be determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as 
though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 15(d) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant Valuation Date had been 
postponed to such last Averaging Date in accordance with this Condition 
15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days). 
For the purposes of this Condition 15(c)(A)(3) only, "Limit Valuation 
Date" shall mean, if any Averaging Date in respect of a Note is a 
Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
If a Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation Date is postponed (x) in 
accordance with this Condition 15 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) and/or (y) as a result 
of it not being a Scheduled Trading Day, any Disrupted Day Related Payment Date will 
also be postponed, if needed, such that the Disrupted Day Related Payment Date shall fall 
at least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may 
be specified in the Final Terms) following the later of (i) the postponed Valuation Date or 
postponed Observation Date or, if later, the Limit Valuation Date, as applicable and (ii) 
the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, the FX Cut-off Date or Postponed 
FX Fixing Day, as applicable (if any). In respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket 
and/or a Securities Basket, the postponed Valuation Date or postponed Observation Date 
or Limit Valuation Date referred to in this paragraph 15(d) will be deemed to be, in respect 
of a Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation Date, the latest postponed 
Valuation Date or postponed Observation Date or Limit Valuation Date, as applicable, 
occurring in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation 
Date. 
Unless Interest Adjustment is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any 
payment postponed pursuant to this Condition 16(d) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any interest payable in respect of the Notes on a Disrupted Day Related Payment Date 
which is so postponed shall be calculated as if such Disrupted Day Related Payment Date 
had not been postponed pursuant to this Condition 16(d)) unless, in the case of a Fixed 
Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 
4A (Interest - Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest - Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
16. 
Adjustments to Indices 
This Condition 16 (Adjustments to Indices) is applicable only in relation to Index-Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and published by a successor to the Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index.

--- Page 320 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 308 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Index Modification 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, a relevant Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such Index 
Modification has a material effect on the Notes, and if so, shall make such adjustment(s) 
(if any) as it determines appropriate to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification and determine the effective date of any such modification or adjustment. 
(c) 
Index Cancellation 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date (A) the Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index, (B) the Index Sponsor announces 
that it suspends the calculation and publication of the level of a relevant Index, or (C) the 
Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (each, an 
"Index Cancellation"), then: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall as soon as is reasonably practicable after determining the same 
give notice (an "Index Cancellation Notice") of such Index Cancellation to the 
Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance with Condition 
11 (Notices); 
(B) 
if "Index Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine whether or not and the date as of which the Index is to be substituted 
with a Substitute Index and, if it so determines, it shall give an Index Substitution 
Notice to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) and, with effect from the date so determined, the 
Substitute Index shall be deemed to be the Index; and 
(C) 
if no Substitute Index has been identified within 10 Business Days of the giving 
of such Index Cancellation Notice or if Index Substitution has not been specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether or not the 
relevant Notes shall continue and: 
(1) 
if it determines that the Notes shall continue, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Specified Level or Closing Level required to be 
determined with respect to such Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Averaging Date using, in lieu of a published level of that Index, the 
Specified Level or Closing Level required to be determined with respect 
to such Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the Index 
Cancellation, but using only those components that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Cancellation; and 
(2) 
if it determines that the Notes shall not continue, the Issuer shall redeem 
the relevant Notes as of the date selected by the Issuer and give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), specifying the Early 
Redemption Amount and early redemption date, and the entitlements of 
the relevant Noteholders to receive the Final Redemption Amount (or 
any other payment to be made by the Issuer, as the case may be) shall 
cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of such amount as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the Fair Market Value of the Notes immediately 
prior to such early redemption.

--- Page 321 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 309 - 
70-41030487 
 
(d) 
Correction of Index Levels 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor at any time and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent for any calculation or determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor after the 
original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment as it determines to 
be appropriate, if any, to the settlement or payment terms of the Notes to account for such 
correction. 
17. 
Adjustments and Events affecting Securities 
This Condition 17 is applicable only in relation to Equity-Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
If Potential Adjustment Events is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether or not at any time a Potential Adjustment 
Event has occurred and where it determines such an event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities and, if so, will make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the relevant 
Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a 
Securities Basket and/or any other adjustment(s) and, in any case, any other variable 
relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
to be appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect and determine the 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
If Extraordinary Events is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, following 
the occurrence of any Extraordinary Event (other than a Delisting in respect of any 
Depository Receipts), the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner will 
determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue and, if so, determine any 
adjustments to be made. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall continue, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of Securities to which each Note relates, the number 
of Securities comprised in a Securities Basket and, in any case, any other variable relevant 
to the payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or any other adjustment which change or 
adjustment shall be effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner. If the Issuer determines, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that the relevant Notes shall be redeemed, then the Notes shall be 
redeemed as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the 
relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment 
to be made by the Issuer) as the case may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the 
Notes. 
(c) 
Conversion 
If Conversion is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of any Conversion, the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner will 
determine whether or not the Notes will continue and, if so, determine any adjustment(s) 
to be made. If the Issuer determines that the Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate to the formula for the 
relevant Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised 
in a Securities Basket and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms 
of the relevant Notes and/or any other adjustment and determine the effective date(s) of 
such adjustment(s). If the Issuer determines that the Notes shall be redeemed, then the

--- Page 322 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 310 - 
70-41030487 
 
Notes shall be redeemed as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent and the 
entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or 
any other payment to be made by the Issuer), as the case may be, shall cease and the 
Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the 
Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
(d) 
Correction of Prices 
If Correction of Prices is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that any price published or announced on a given day and utilised or to be utilised for the 
purpose of any calculation or determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published or announced by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle 
after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) as it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to the amount payable in respect of the Notes and 
their terms to account for such correction and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s) provided that if any amount has been paid in an 
amount which exceeds the amount that would have been payable if the correction had been 
taken into account, no further amount in an amount at least equal to the excess is payable 
in respect of the Notes and the Calculation Agent determines that it is not practicable to 
make such an adjustment to account fully for such correction, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to reimbursement of the relevant excess payment (or, as the case may be, the proportion 
thereof not accounted for by an adjustment made by the Calculation Agent) by the relevant 
Noteholder, together with interest on that amount for the period from and including the 
day on which payment was originally made to (but excluding) the day of payment of 
reimbursement by the Noteholder (all as calculated by the Calculation Agent). Any such 
reimbursement shall be effected in such manner as the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine. 
18. 
Additional Disruption Events 
Following the occurrence of any Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner will determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue and, if so, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine acting in a commercially reasonable manner any adjustments to 
be made. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the relevant 
Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a Securities Basket 
and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or any 
other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date selected by the 
Calculation Agent. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall be terminated, then the 
Notes shall be terminated as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of 
the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be 
made by the Issuer), as the case may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
19. 
Adjustments where the Securities are Units in an ETF 
Where the Securities are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Units in an ETF, in the case 
of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date of any Extraordinary Event affecting 
the ETF or the value of the Units, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment as provided in 
Condition 17 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 18 (Additional Disruption 
Events) or: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under Condition 
17 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 18 (Additional Disruption 
Events) would produce a commercially reasonable result: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify a new 
underlying asset with characteristics, investment objectives and policies similar 
to those in effect for the Affected Units immediately prior to the occurrence of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event and any substitution of the new underlying asset

--- Page 323 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 311 - 
70-41030487 
 
for the Affected Units shall be effected at such time and in such manner as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
if necessary, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms, including, but 
not limited to, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, investment 
strategy or liquidity relevant to the Units or the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Notes shall be redeemed, then the 
Notes shall be redeemed as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption 
Amount and any accrued interest shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
In this Condition 19, "Affected Unit(s)" means each Unit subject to an applicable Extraordinary 
Event. 
20. 
Events relating to DR-Linked Notes 
In relation to DR-Linked Notes only, if a Delisting of the Securities occurs or the Depository 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) (or is at any time, whether or not announced 
by the Depository) terminated, then the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner will 
determine whether or not the Notes shall continue. If the Issuer determines that: 
(i) 
the Notes shall continue, it shall elect whether the Security shall thereafter be (x) the 
Replacement DRs or (y) the Underlying Security and the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any change to the notional number of Securities and/or the 
formula for the relevant Redemption Amount), and which change or adjustment(s) shall 
be effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the Notes shall not continue, then the Notes shall be redeemed as of the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the 
relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer) as the case 
may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied 
in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Notes. 
21. 
Notes Linked to Units in an ETF – General 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Securities in relation to a Series of Notes are Units in 
an ETF, then these Conditions shall apply to the Notes as if references herein to "Underlying 
Company" were references to the "ETF" and as if references therein to "Security" were references 
to "Unit". 
22. 
Effects of European Economic and Monetary Union 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment 
(and determine the effective date of such adjustment) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant 
Final Terms and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms of the 
relevant Notes. 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, 
the Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner shall be entitled to make such conversions 
between amounts denominated in the National Currency Units and the euro, and the euro and the 
National Currency Units, in each case, in accordance with the conversion rates and rounding rules 
in Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97 as it determines to be appropriate. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for 
any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith.

--- Page 324 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 312 - 
70-41030487 
 
23. 
Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of the UK Bail-in Power 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of any Series of Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by 
its acquisition of any Notes, each Noteholder (which, for these purposes, includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts 
Due (as defined below) arising under any Notes may be subject to the exercise of UK Bail-
in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant UK Resolution Authority (as defined below), 
and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK Resolution 
Authority, that may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; (ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on any Series of Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of such Series of Notes; (iii) the cancellation of any Series of Notes; (iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the date for redemption of any Series of Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on any Series of Notes, or the 
Interest Payment Dates relating thereto, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of any Series of Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the 
exercise of any UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK Resolution Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on any Series of Notes shall become due and 
payable or be paid after the exercise of any UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK 
Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, 
cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
"Amounts Due" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, the principal amount of, 
and any accrued but unpaid interest (including any additional amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 6 (Taxation)) on, such Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-In Legislation" means any law or regulation applicable in the United Kingdom 
relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial 
institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, administration or other 
insolvency proceedings), including, without limitation, Part I of the Banking Act. 
"Relevant UK Resolution Authority" means any authority with the ability to exercise a 
UK Bail-in Power. 
"UK Bail-in Power" means the powers under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer 
or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank 
or investment firm, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a 
person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part 
of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to 
provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been 
exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability. 
(b) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Issuer, nor the exercise of the UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK Resolution 
Authority with respect to any Notes will constitute a default under the Notes for any 
purpose.

--- Page 325 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.5 – Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 313 - 
70-41030487 
 
(c) 
Upon the exercise of the UK Bail-in Power by the Relevant UK Resolution Authority with 
respect to any Notes, the Issuer shall immediately notify the Paying Agents in writing of 
such exercise and give notice of the same to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices). For avoidance of doubt, any delay or failure by the Issuer in delivering any 
notice referred to in this Condition 23(c) shall not affect the validity and enforceability of 
the UK Bail-in Power. 
24. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with French law. 
(b) 
French courts 
The Commercial Courts of Paris have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute"), arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any Dispute 
regarding the existing, validity or redemption of the Notes or the consequence of their 
nullity).

--- Page 326 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 314 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.6 – ALTERNATIVE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW 
NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of English Law Notes (the "Conditions") for which the Final 
Terms specify the "Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" to be the Conditions in 
respect of the Notes. The Conditions will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any English Law Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the English Law Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Form 
of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form". 
The Notes are issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") pursuant to a programme for the issuance of notes 
and warrants (the "Programme") established by the Issuer, are constituted by, and have the benefit of, a 
deed of covenant dated on or about 27 May 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant"). The Notes also have the 
benefit of a master note issuance agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated 
on or about 26 May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Master Note 
Issuance Agreement") and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC 
Continental Europe (formerly known as HSBC France) as dealers (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers", which expression shall include any additional or successor Dealer) and The Hongkong and 
Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (which entity shall not be a dealer for the purposes of the Notes), 
and an issuing and paying agency agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated 
on or about 26 May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement") and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental 
Europe as calculation agents (HSBC Bank plc or, as the case may be, HSBC Continental Europe being the 
"Calculation Agent" with respect to the Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, which expression 
includes any successor or other Calculation Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as transfer agent (HSBC Bank plc 
being the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Transfer 
Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), HSBC Bank plc as the principal paying agent (HSBC Bank plc being the "Principal Paying 
Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Principal Paying Agent 
appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, together with any additional paying agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Computershare Agency Agreement (as defined below), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the "Paying Agents"), HSBC Bank plc as issue agent (HSBC Bank plc being the "Issue Agent", 
which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Issue Agent appointed pursuant to the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as 
registrar (HSBC Bank plc being the "Registrar", which expression shall include any additional or successor 
or other Registrar appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and the other parties specified therein. 
In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with Computershare Investor Services PLC dated 
23 April 2010 (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Computershare Agency Agreement") appointing the latter as registrar and paying agent (the "CREST 
Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar and paying agent) with respect to 
Uncertificated Registered Notes (as defined below). 
All Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each, a "Tranche") of Notes issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms 
("Final Terms"), a copy of which will be attached to or endorsed on or incorporated by reference in each 
Note of such Tranche. Other than the issue date, the issue price and the date for the first payment of interest, 
the Notes of each Series will have identical terms and conditions. The Notes of each Tranche will have 
identical terms and conditions. 
Copies of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Computershare Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Holders (as defined 
below) of Notes, and copies of the relevant Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and any supplemental 
prospectus may be obtained by Holders of Notes in each case during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Issuer and of the Paying Agent in London or, in the case of Uncertificated Registered Notes, 
the CREST Registrar. The Holders (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Form, Denomination and Title – Bearer 
Notes)) for the time being of Notes (the "Noteholders", which expression shall, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
include reference to the Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto) and of any coupons (the "Coupons")

--- Page 327 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 315 - 
70-41030487 
 
or talons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Master Note Issuance Agreement and the relevant Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Computershare Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"€STR" means, in respect of any specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the daily 
euro short-term rate; 
"Additional Disruption Event" means such of Change in Law and/or Insolvency Filing as are 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Series of Notes and a Relevant 
Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in 
order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations in respect of the Notes, all as determined by the Issuer; 
"Affected Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the Relevant 
Benchmark affected by a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Agents" means each of, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Issue Agent, the Registrar and 
the CREST Registrar; 
"Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, in respect of Notes which are represented by 
a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note(s) or, as 
the case may be, such Uncertificated Registered Notes; 
"Alternative Exchange" means, in relation to any Securities, an exchange or quotation system on 
which the Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted and which is located in the same country 
as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union or the United Kingdom, in 
any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom), unless (in any such case) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the listing, trading or quotation on such exchange or quotation 
system will materially alter the risk profile of the Notes (in which case such exchange or quotation 
system shall not constitute an "Alternative Exchange"); 
"Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Alternative Payment

--- Page 328 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 316 - 
70-41030487 
 
Currency as published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Alternative Payment Currency" means the currency, which may be Offshore RMB, specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such currency is specified, USD; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" means the relevant amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent converted into the relevant Alternative Payment 
Currency using the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate" means 
(i) 
the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency and Alternative Payment Currency 
(expressed as the number of units of Alternative Payment Currency per one unit of 
Settlement Currency or as the number of units of Settlement Currency per one unit of 
Alternative Payment Currency (as applicable)) as published on the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time on the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the rate of exchange determined in accordance with, or derived from the Alternative 
Payment Cross Currency Rate and the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded up. If on an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date the Relevant Rate is not available 
for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (X)(A) or (X)(B), 
as applicable, of Condition 7(f) (Payments - Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) or, if 
Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in its discretion; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date" means the fifth day (or such other number of days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date 
or other date on which the relevant payment falls due (as appropriate). For the purposes of this 
definition, "day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdiction or place specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such jurisdiction or place is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, the Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction and, 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross 
Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page" means the Reuters or other screen page specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in 
the international exchange market; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time" means (i) the time and place specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in the 
case of a successor page to the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the fixing time and place generally applied in the market for such successor 
page (ii) or if no such time and place is specified in the Final Terms, such time and place as the 
Calculation Agent determines; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if the Alternative Payment Currency is USD, the United States of America;

--- Page 329 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 317 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the relevant Final Terms as an "Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index" and which is not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, and subject to, 
Condition 5(l) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding), an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate corresponding 
to such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the corresponding date specified as such in relation to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined 
in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage specified in respect of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the percentage specified as such for such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the percentage rate specified as such for such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the date(s) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each of the 
date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such 
Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of 
such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Date, the 
Observation Date specified in respect to such Valuation Date for which the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each 
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) is lowest;  
"Average Basket – Highest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Date, the 
Observation Date specified in respect to such Valuation Date for which the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each 
Index or Security (as applicable) comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) is highest;  
"Averaging Date(s)" means, in respect of an Index, or a Security: 
(i) 
each of the dates specified as an Averaging Date with respect to the relevant Valuation 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) subject to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days); or

--- Page 330 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 318 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
if Averaging Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable with 
respect to the relevant Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day (which is not a 
Disrupted Day) in the Averaging Period; 
"Averaging Period" means with respect to: 
(i) 
the Strike Date, the period from and including the "Strike Averaging Start Date" to and 
including the "Strike Averaging End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Strike Averaging Period"); 
(ii) 
the Final Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Final Valuation Averaging 
Start Date" to and including the "Final Valuation Averaging End Date", each as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Performance Averaging Period"); 
(iii) 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the 
"Autocall Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Autocall Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Averaging Period"); 
(iv) 
any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Coupon Trigger 
Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Coupon Trigger Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Coupon Trigger Averaging Period"); 
(v) 
any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In Coupon 
Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Coupon Averaging End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In Coupon Averaging Period"); 
(vi) 
any Barrier Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Barrier Averaging Start 
Date" to and including the "Barrier Averaging End Date", each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Barrier Averaging Period"); and 
(vii) 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In 
Redemption Averaging Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Redemption 
Averaging End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Redemption Averaging Period"); 
a "Barrier Event" will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the Notes in the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
where "Inclusive" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Event in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than or equal to the Barrier Level; 
(b)  
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of any of the Barrier Valuation 
Dates is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; and 
(c)  
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the Relevant 
Observation Performance in respect of any Barrier Valuation Date during the 
Barrier Valuation Period is less than or equal to the Barrier Level; 
 (ii) 
where "Non-Inclusive" is specified to apply with respect to the Barrier Event in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of the Barrier Valuation Date is less 
than the Barrier Level;

--- Page 331 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 319 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b)  
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the 
Relevant Observation Performance in respect of any of the Barrier Valuation 
Dates is less than the Barrier Level; and 
(c)  
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method, the Relevant 
Observation Performance in respect of any Barrier Valuation Date during the 
Barrier Valuation Period is less than the Barrier Level; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Barrier Observation Method" means European, Bermudan or Daily as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Barrier Valuation Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
if "European" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or 
Security comprising the Securities Basket, the Barrier Valuation Date in respect 
of such Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(ii) 
if "Bermudan" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each 
of the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket 
or Security comprising the Securities Basket, the relevant Barrier Valuation Date 
in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(iii) 
if "Daily" is specified as the applicable Barrier Observation Method: 
(a)  
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each Scheduled 
Trading Day (which is not a Disrupted Day) in the Barrier Valuation Period 
(provided that the final day in the Barrier Valuation Period which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be a Barrier Valuation Date regardless of whether it is a 
Disrupted Day, and the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date); or 
(b)  
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each 
day in the Barrier Valuation Period which (i) is a Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of all Indices or Securities (as applicable) in the Basket and (ii) is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of any Index or Security (as applicable) in the Basket 
(provided that the final day in the Barrier Valuation Period which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of all Indices or Securities (as applicable) shall be a Barrier 
Valuation Date regardless of whether it is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index

--- Page 332 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 320 - 
70-41030487 
 
or Security, and the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply with respect to such Barrier Valuation Date); 
"Barrier Valuation Period" means the period from and including the "Barrier Valuation Period 
Start Date" to and including the "Barrier Valuation Period End Date", each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Basket" means, in respect of a Note, a basket composed of each Index or each Security (as the 
case may be) specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relative proportions indicated in the Final 
Terms; 
"BBR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the rate for bills of 
exchange denominated in such Relevant Currency and having a tenor equal to such specified 
period; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that references a Relevant Benchmark that is a Reference 
Rate or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar 
rate: 
(A) 
an Index Cessation Event; or 
(B) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Series of Notes, an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and 
a Relevant Benchmark, the date on which the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event 
has occurred; 
"Best Performing Index" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Level of each Index in the Basket has been 
determined, the Index for which the Specified Level of such Index determined with respect to such 
day divided by the Initial Index Level for such Index is highest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Best Performing Security" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Price of each Security in the Basket has been 
determined, the Security for which the Specified Price of such Security determined with respect to 
such day divided by the Initial Security Price for such Security is highest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Note in respect of which amounts are payable in euro, a Euro Business Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Business Centre and on which the relevant Clearing System is 
open for business; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any other Note, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in each Business Centre and on which the relevant 
Clearing System is open for business; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms (which shall be one of the following expressions) and, if so specified in the

--- Page 333 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 321 - 
70-41030487 
 
relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount in the Settlement Currency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if no such 
percentage is specified, the Cap shall be unlimited; 
"Change in Law" means, in relation to any Notes, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) 
that (x) it will, or it will with the passing of time, or it has become illegal for the Issuer to issue, 
have outstanding and/or perform its obligations with respect to the Notes or (y) the Issuer will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its 
tax position or due to any regulation, rule or other regulatory action of any regulator of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes); 
"Clearing System" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and/or CREST in which Notes of the relevant Series are for the time being held, or, in relation to 
an individual Note, in which that Note is for the time being held, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in relation to any Securities, any day on which the 
principal domestic clearing system customarily used for settling trades in such Securities is (or, but

--- Page 334 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 322 - 
70-41030487 
 
for the occurrence of an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which such clearing 
system cannot clear the transfer of such securities, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions; 
"Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event" means the relevant Clearing System(s) ceases to 
accept payments in the Settlement Currency; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Closing Level" means (a) with respect to an Index other than a Multiple Exchange Index, the 
level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, the official closing level of such Index 
as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the relevant Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for which the performance of the Index is to 
be determined; 
"Closing Price" means, in relation to a Security, the price of such Security as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for which the performance of the 
Security is to be determined; 
"Component Security" means, with respect to an Index, each component security of that Index; 
"Conditional Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Amount" means, in respect of the relevant Coupon Trigger Valuation Date and 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
if "Digital Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon Trigger Rate corresponding to 
such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
if "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed); and 
(iii) 
if "Relevant Rate – Floating" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating); 
a "Coupon Trigger Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Coupon Trigger 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in respect of such Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the relevant Coupon Trigger Level specified in 
respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the percentage 
specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the 
corresponding date specified as such in relation to such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the percentage 
rate specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Coupon Trigger Recovery Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in respect of such 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the relevant Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Level specified in respect of such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 335 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 323 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Coupon Trigger Recovery Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the 
percentage specified as such for such Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Trigger Valuation Date" means 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"CREST" means Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited); 
"Cross Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if such 
currency is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency shall mean USD; 
"Cross Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is specified means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365F" is specified, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365, or in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 336 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 324 - 
70-41030487 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 337 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 325 - 
70-41030487 
 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Deferral Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(f) (Payments - Price Source 
Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Delisting" means (a) that the Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, 
the Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange or (b) that the Calculation Agent determines that listing or 
trading of Securities on the Exchange (or an Alternative Exchange) has not commenced and will 
not commence in the foreseeable future prior to redemption of the Notes. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to each Depository Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depository Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented; 
"Depository" means, in relation to a Depository Receipt, the issuer of such Depository Receipt as 
appointed under the Deposit Agreement, including its successors from time to time; 
"Depository Receipt(s)" means any Security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided that if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated at any time, any reference to any 
Depository Receipt(s) shall thereafter be construed as a reference to the relevant Underlying 
Securities or relevant Replacement DRs, as applicable and as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Condition 21 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes); 
"Derivative Component" means the option component(s) or embedded derivative(s) in respect of 
the nominal amount of the Notes or the interest amount due under the Notes; 
"Derivative Component Market Value" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed 
early, the market value of the Derivative Component (which can be positive or negative) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the mark-to-market value of such Derivative 
Component taking into account the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes 
and calculated in accordance with generally accepted valuation methods for such instruments in 
the financial markets, provided that any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early 
redemption of the Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements (other than the negative

--- Page 338 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 326 - 
70-41030487 
 
mark-to-market value of such Derivative Component, if applicable), shall not be taken into account 
when determining the Derivative Component Market Value; 
"Digital Return Percentage " means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index: (a) any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has 
occurred; (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index any Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of such Index on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such 
Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or (iii) a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred; or (c) in respect 
of an Index any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish such Index; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Security on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Security has 
occurred; 
"Disrupted Day Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the 
amount payable is calculated by reference to the price or level (as applicable) of an Index, an Index 
Basket, a Security or a Securities Basket determined on the related Valuation Date or Limit 
Valuation Date; 
"DR-Linked Notes" means a Series of Equity-Linked Notes which relate to one or more Securities 
which are Depository Receipts; 
"Early Closure" means (a) the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange 
(in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) 
or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; or (b) if the Notes are Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes, the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in relation to each Note or Calculation Amount, as 
applicable, 
(i) 
where the event giving rise to the early redemption does not constitute Force Majeure 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage per Calculation Amount; 
(b) 
its Fair Market Value; 
(c) 
its Market Value 1; 
(d) 
its Market Value 2; 
(e) 
its Principal Protected Amount;

--- Page 339 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 327 - 
70-41030487 
 
(f) 
its Highest Value (Vanilla); or 
(g) 
its Highest Value (Structured), 
in each case (i) as specified in the relevant Final Terms for the event giving rise to the 
early redemption and calculated in accordance with, and subject to, Condition 5(k) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Calculation and Rounding), and (ii) without prejudice to 
Condition 5(l) (I), if "Monetisation Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, or 
(ii) 
where the event giving rise to the early redemption constitutes Force Majeure, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early Redemption Valuation Date, equal 
to the fair market value of such Note determined by reference to: 
(a) 
if the Note is actively traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or 
over-the-counter market and where recent observable bid and ask prices are 
available, by reference to such prices; 
(b) 
if the Note is not traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or over-
the-counter market, or where, in the reasonable determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no recent observable bid and ask prices that represent the market value of 
such Notes are available, by reference to a generally accepted valuation method 
for such instrument in the financial markets, 
and provided that any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes 
or the termination of any hedging arrangements (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
negative mark-to-market value of the Derivative Component, if applicable), shall not be taken into 
account when determining such amount. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means the date on which the Issuer determines that it will 
exercise its option to redeem the Notes early, such date being notified to Noteholders in the relevant 
notice of early redemption; 
"EMU Event" means the occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
the redenomination of any security into euro; 
(ii) 
the change by any organised market, exchange or clearing, payment or settlement system 
in the unit of account of its operating procedures to the euro; 
(iii) 
any change in the currency of denomination of any Index or any Security; or 
(iv) 
any change in the currency in which some or all of the securities or other property 
comprising any Index is denominated; 
"Equity-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which an amount, which shall be 
calculated by reference to the value of a Security or Securities and/or a formula, is payable (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"ETF" means the exchange traded fund or similarly traded or listed fund as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"ETF Adviser" means, with respect to an ETF, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment manager (including a non-discretionary 
investment manager to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary 
investment manager), as provided in the related ETF Documents; 
"ETF Documents" means, in relation to any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of such ETF specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETF, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time;

--- Page 340 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 328 - 
70-41030487 
 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate; 
"Euro", "euro" "EUR", "€" each mean the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Euro Business Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which TARGET2 is open for 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Euro Exchange Date" means the date on which the Euro Exchange Notice is given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination), which is the date on which all 
unmatured Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency (whether or not attached to 
the Notes) will become void with effect from; 
"Euro Exchange Notice" means the notice given by the Issuer to the Noteholders stating that 
replacement Notes and Coupons denominated in euro are available for exchange (provided that 
such Notes and Coupons are available); 
"Exchange" means (a) with respect to a Security or an Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Security or the components 
of the Index, as the case may be, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Security or components, as the 
case may be, as on the original Exchange); or (b) in the case of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent (which exchange or 
quotation system as of the Issue Date may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms); 
provided, however, that if the Exchange (the "Original Exchange") announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, any Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and the 
Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange, then, so long as the 
Securities are not listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Original Exchange, such Alternative 
Exchange shall be the "Exchange" in relation to such Securities; 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
any relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in the manner specified in Condition 11 
(Replacement, Exchange and Transfer); 
"Exchange Disruption" means (a) any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-
Linked Notes) or on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes), or (ii) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, future or options contracts relating to the Securities (in the case of 
Equity-Linked Notes) or the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange;

--- Page 341 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 329 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means the amount per Security specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such amount is so specified, any dividend or the portion of any dividend which the 
Calculation Agent determines is generally considered an Extraordinary Dividend by the market in 
respect of the relevant Security; 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
or existence of any of the following: 
(i) 
the ETF (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes 
a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C)(1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (y) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in (A) to (E) above; 
(ii) 
the ETF has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETF 
or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency 
of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the ETF Documents or any contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the ETF or any of its assets; 
(iii) 
the resignation, termination or replacement of the ETF Adviser; 
(iv) 
any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of the Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the Issue Date; 
(v) 
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF 
Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Units or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(vi) 
any restrictions or increase in charges or fees are imposed by the ETF on any investor's 
ability to redeem the Units, in whole or in part, or on any existing or new investor's ability 
to make new or additional investments in such Units, or any mandatory redemption, in 
whole or in part, of such Units is imposed by the ETF (in each case other than any 
restriction in existence on the Issue Date); 
(vii) 
(A) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Units or 
the ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Units or 
the ETF, (B) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Units or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (C) the ETF

--- Page 342 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 330 - 
70-41030487 
 
or the ETF Adviser becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(A) the occurrence of any event affecting the Units that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable to determine the value of 
the Units, and such event is likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to 
continue for the foreseeable future; or (B) any failure of the ETF to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered (1) information that the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or (2) information that has been previously delivered 
to the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for it to monitor the ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Units; 
(ix) 
(A) the cancellation or cessation of any Underlying Index or (B) a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating or any other material modification to any 
Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain such Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) or (C) the relevant sponsor of any Underlying 
Index fails to calculate and announce such Underlying Index; and 
(x) 
on or after the Strike Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes; 
"Extraordinary Event" means (a) in all cases other than where the Final Terms specifies that the 
Securities are Units in an ETF, a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting (b) in the case where the Final Terms specifies that the Securities are Units in an ETF, a 
Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or Extraordinary ETF Event; 
"Fair Market Value" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, its fair market 
value immediately prior to the early redemption date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer and in respect only of Notes that are not Italian Notes, less any 
reasonable costs and expenses of the Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements, and any such calculation of the 
fair market value shall have the effect of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such 
early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. For the purposes of 
calculating the Fair Market Value following an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) only, in determining the fair market value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Fee Component" means any costs, as notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (including 
but not limited to any structuring costs) which were included in the issue price of the relevant Note 
in an amount equal to the amount of such costs multiplied by the number of days from the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date to the Maturity Date and divided by the number of days from the Issue 
Date until the Maturity Date of such Notes; 
"Final Index Basket Level" means, in relation to an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Final Index Level 
of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Final Index Level 
of the Best Performing Index;

--- Page 343 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 331 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Final Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Specified Level with respect to such Index 
determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date; 
"Final Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such Index: 
[ Final Index Level
Initial Index Level] 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index Basket other than an Index Basket in respect of which "Average 
Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such Index 
Basket: 
[ Final Index Basket Level
Initial Index Basket Level] 
(iii) 
in relation to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Level", "Lowest Level" or "Average 
Level" are specified as being applicable, the Final Index Performance with respect 
to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted average (in line with the 
Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Final Index Performance of each 
Index comprising the Basket in respect of the Final Valuation Date as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 
0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Index 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Index comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Index 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Index comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest Observation Date; 
"Final Securities Basket Price" means, in relation to a Securities Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Final Security 
Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Final Security 
Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Final Security Performance" means 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such 
Security: 
[ Final Security Price
Initial Security Price]

--- Page 344 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 332 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket other than a Securities Basket in respect of which 
"Average Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a 
percentage (rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date and such 
Securities Basket: 
[ Final Securities Basket Price
Initial Securities Basket Price] 
(iii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Price", "Lowest Price" or "Average Price" 
are specified as being applicable, the Final Security Performance with respect to 
the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting 
applicable to such Basket) of the Final Security Performance of each Security 
comprising the Basket in respect of the Final Valuation Date as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Security 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Security comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Final Security 
Performance with respect to the Final Valuation Date shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Date Performances of each Security comprising the Basket as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest Observation Date; 
"Final Security Price" means, in respect of a Security, the Specified Price with respect to such 
Security determined with respect to the Final Valuation Date; 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and 
Purchase – At Maturity); 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Final Valuation Date in respect of such Index or Security shall 
be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security) 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" means a Note for which Fixed Rate Note provisions (for an initial 
period from the Issue Date) and Floating Rate Note provisions (for a subsequent period) are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable; 
"Fixed Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a fixed rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable; 
"Floating Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable;

--- Page 345 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 333 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Floating Rate Option" means, in relation to a Note to which ISDA Determination applies, a rate 
or price source specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Force Majeure" means any force majeure, act of state, or other event or circumstance occurring 
after the Issue Date as a consequence of which the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes has become impossible through the occurrence of an external event that is not attributable 
to the Issuer; 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent of (i) (a) 
an Inconvertibility, (b) Non-transferability, (c) Illiquidity or (d) any other event affecting the 
Settlement Currency (the "FX Disruption Relevant Currency") which would make it unlawful 
or not possible using commercially reasonable efforts for reasons outside the control of the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent, in whole or in part (including without limitation, as a result of 
compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive 
or with any requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
power) for the Issuer (or the Issuer's affiliate) to pay or receive amounts in the FX Disruption 
Relevant Currency; or (ii) if Offshore RMB is specified as the applicable FX Disruption Relevant 
Currency, each of the events specified in (i) above, plus an Offshore RMB Disruption; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or, where the Settlement Currency is specified 
to be RMB, in the PRC and each Offshore RMB Centre; 
"Government Bonds" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, bonds or any other debt securities 
issued by a government, government agency or subdivision or a transnational or supranational 
organisation as specified in the relevant Final Terms and "Government Bond" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Highest Value (Structured)" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, the 
higher of Market Value 2 and the Principal Protected Amount, provided that 
(i) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account when 
determining Highest Value (Structured); and 
(ii) 
where Highest Value (Structured) is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Highest Value 
(Structured); 
"Highest Value (Vanilla)" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, the higher 
of Market Value 1 and the Principal Protected Amount, provided that 
(i) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account when 
determining Highest Value (Vanilla); and 
(ii) 
where Highest Value (Vanilla) is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Highest Value (Vanilla); 
"Illiquidity" means where the foreign exchange market in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
becomes illiquid after the Trade Date and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Settlement Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Notes as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation (if practicable) with two Reference Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the foreign exchange market in 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental

--- Page 346 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 334 - 
70-41030487 
 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Index" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the index to which such Notes relates, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 17 (Adjustments to 
Indices) and Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events) and "Indices" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Index Basket" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the basket of indices to which such Series 
of Notes relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 17 (Adjustments to Indices) and Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events), and 
"Index Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which is a Reference Rate 
or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Issuer, of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark; 
(iii) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is the Sterling London interbank offered rate, the Swiss Franc 
London interbank offered rate, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate, the Euro 
London interbank offered rate or the Japanese Yen London interbank offered rate (each, a 
"Specified Rate"), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Relevant Benchmark announcing that (i) the 
regulatory supervisor has determined that such Relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (ii) it is being made in the awareness that the 
statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is SOR, if SOR for a tenor equal to the relevant Interest Period 
(the "relevant tenor") is not published by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. 
(or any successor administrator) (the "SOR Administrator") or an authorised distributor 
and is not otherwise provided by the SOR Administrator, and as of the day that is two 
Singapore and London Banking Days (as defined below) preceding the next following 
Interest Payment Date, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate for the relevant tenor 
has been permanently discontinued or is Non-Representative (as defined below) and there 
is either no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been permanently 
discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is longer than the 
relevant tenor or no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been 
permanently discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is 
shorter than the relevant tenor (and for these purposes (x) the U.S. Dollar London 
interbank offered rate in a particular tenor shall be "Non-Representative" if the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such rate (i) has determined and announced that such 
rate in such tenor is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality

--- Page 347 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 335 - 
70-41030487 
 
that such rate is intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored and (ii) is 
aware that certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts have been or are 
engaged, and (y) a "Singapore and London Banking Day" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Singapore and London); 
(v) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is not a Specified Rate, the making of a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark that, in the view of such supervisor or 
administrator, the Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which consists of an Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) and which has an Underlying Fallback Rate, a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Underlying Fallback Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Underlying Fallback 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Underlying 
Fallback Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Underlying Fallback Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Underlying Fallback Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Underlying Fallback Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Underlying Fallback Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Underlying Fallback Rate (and, for these purposes, an "Underlying Fallback Rate" 
in relation to such a Relevant Benchmark shall be such rate (if any) as the Issuer 
determines is the rate underlying such Relevant Benchmark); or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark as a 
consequence of which the Relevant Benchmark will, on or before a specified date (i) be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes or (ii) be recommended for 
informational purposes only rather than for use as a benchmark reference rate for securities 
such as the Notes; 
"Index-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which an amount calculated by 
reference to an Index or Indices and/or a formula is payable (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
"Index Rules" means, in respect of an Index, the rules of the Index Sponsor in relation to such 
Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms and any successor corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index 
on a regular basis during or at the end of each Scheduled Trading Day (as the case may be); 
"Index Substitution Notice" means a notice specifying a Substitute Index to be substituted for the 
Index and the date as of which such substitution is to take effect; 
"Initial Index Basket Level" means, with respect to an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Initial Index Level 
of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Initial Index Level 
of the Best Performing Index; 
"Initial Index Level" means, with respect to an Index, either:

--- Page 348 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 336 - 
70-41030487 
 
(i)  
the level specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Specified Level with respect to such Index determined with respect to the Strike Date; 
"Initial Securities Basket Price" means, with respect to a Security: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Initial Security 
Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Initial Security 
Price of the Best Performing Security; 
"Initial Security Price" means, with respect to a Security, either: 
(i) 
the price specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Specified Price with respect to such Security determined with respect to the Strike 
Date; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an Underlying 
Company, (A) all the Securities of that Underlying Company are required to be transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Securities of that Underlying 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of the Securities institutes or has instituted against it by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the issuer of the Securities shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the day determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
customary for fixing the Reference Rate applicable to deposits in the Relevant Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period; provided that where so specified in the relevant Final Terms, such day 
shall be a day (i) if such currency is euro, which is a Euro Business Day, and (ii) if such currency 
is any other currency, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre or centres of the country of such currency (or where such currency is a 
National Currency Unit and the Notes have been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 
(Redenomination), the former principal financial centre or centres) or as otherwise may be 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case);

--- Page 349 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 337 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"IRC" means U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Notes" means Notes for which it is specified in the Final Terms that an application is 
expected to be made for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Italian Stock Exchange; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
"Limit Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days); 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the city in which the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, or the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent, to which the relevant Note or Coupon is presented for payment is located; 
a "Lock-In Coupon Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Lock-In Coupon 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in relation to such Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Lock-In Coupon Level specified in relation 
to such Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Lock-In Coupon Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage 
specified as such for such Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
a "Lock-In Redemption Event" will be deemed to have occurred in relation to a Lock-In 
Redemption Valuation Date if the Relevant Observation Performance determined in relation to 
such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Lock-In Redemption 
Trigger Level specified in relation to such Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Lock-In Redemption Percentage " means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Redemption Valuation 
Date, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 350 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 338 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, each of the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such Index or 
Security shall be the next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Margin" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period of time) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of an Index (a) the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an 
Early Closure provided that if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security and (y) the overall 
level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(1) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of (aa) a 
Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, OR (cc) an Early Closure; AND (2) the 
aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index of:(aa) a Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (cc) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Multiple Exchange Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to such level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall 
level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the 
Index Sponsor of such Index as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(B) 
in respect of a Security, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an 
Early Closure;

--- Page 351 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 339 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Market Value 1" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair 
market value of such Note determined by reference to: 
(a) 
if the Note is actively traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or over-
the-counter market and where recent observable bid and ask prices are available, by 
reference to such prices; 
(b) 
if the Note is not traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or over-the-
counter market, or where, in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent, no 
recent observable bid and ask prices that represent the market value of such Notes are 
available, by reference to a generally accepted valuation method for such instrument in 
the financial markets, 
provided that 
(i) 
for the purposes of calculating Market Value 1 following an Event of Default 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default) only, in determining the fair market 
value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, 
who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the 
Note; 
(ii) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes 
or the termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account 
when determining Market Value 1; and 
(iii) 
where Market Value 1 is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Market Value 1; 
"Market Value 2" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair 
market value of such Note which shall be the aggregate of (i) the present value of the savings 
component of the Notes on the Early Redemption Valuation Date (as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to a generally accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial 
markets) and (ii) the Derivative Component Market Value, provided that, 
(a) 
for the purposes of calculating Market Value 2 following an Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) only, in determining the fair market value of the Notes, 
no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be 
able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
negative value of the Derivative Component Market Value), shall not be taken into 
account when determining Market Value 2; and 
(c) 
where Market Value 2 is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Market Value 2; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – 
At Maturity); 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means in respect of any relevant Securities, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Securities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Underlying Company with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event

--- Page 352 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 340 - 
70-41030487 
 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Securities 
of the Underlying Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Securities (other than such Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Securities (other than Securities owned or controlled by 
such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Securities immediately following such event, in each case if the closing date of 
a Merger Event (or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent) is on or before the 
Final Valuation Date; 
If the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, "Merger Event" shall include the occurrence of any of the 
events described in (i) to (iv) (inclusive) above in relation to the relevant Underlying Securities; 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Return Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Note, the higher of (i) the Principal Protected 
Amount (if any) and (ii) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(𝑆+ 𝐷+ 𝐹) × (1 + 𝑟)𝑛 
Where: 
"S" is the present value of the savings component of the Notes on the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a generally accepted valuation method 
for such instruments in the financial markets); 
"D" is the Derivative Component Market Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"F" is the Fee Component; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt 
instrument issued by the Issuer with the same maturity as the remaining maturing on the Notes 
from the Early Redemption Valuation Date until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes; and 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, expressed as a number of 
years; 
"Multiple Exchange Index" means an Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes" means Notes which relate to a Multiple Exchange 
Index; 
"National Currency Unit" means the national currency unit of any Participating Member State 
that becomes a denomination of the euro by reason of Council Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97, 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 or any other applicable laws; 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Securities (or, if the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, the relevant 
Underlying Securities) or all or substantially all the assets of an Underlying Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority or entity;

--- Page 353 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 341 - 
70-41030487 
 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c) (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Substitution – Substitution); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to transfer Settlement Currency between accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to an account 
outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or from an account outside the Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction to an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-Trigger Valuation Date" means a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date in relation to which no 
Coupon Trigger Event occurred; 
"Observation Date(s)" means, in respect of an Index or a Security: 
(i) 
each of the dates specified as an Observation Date with respect to the relevant Valuation 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) subject to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(ii) 
if Performance Observation Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day 
(which is not a Disrupted Day) in the Performance Observation Period; 
"Observation Date Performance" means in relation to any Observation Date: 
(i) 
in respect of a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Observation Date and such Security: 
[
Closing Price
Initial Security Price] 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Observation Date and such Index: 
[
Closing Level
Initial Index Level] 
"Observation Index Basket Level" means, in respect of an Index Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Observation Index 
Level of the Worst Performing Index; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Index Basket, the Observation Index 
Level of the Best Performing Index; 
"Observation Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Specified Level with respect to such 
Index determined with respect to the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In 
Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable); 
"Observation Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In

--- Page 354 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 342 - 
70-41030487 
 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Index: 
[Observation Index Level
Initial Index Level
] 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index Basket other than an Index Basket in respect of which "Average 
Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Index Basket: 
[Observation Index Basket Level
Initial Index Basket Level
] 
(iii) 
in relation to an Index Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A)  
where "Single Observation", "Highest Level", "Lowest Level" or "Average 
Level" are specified as being applicable, the Observation Index Performance in 
respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) shall be the weighted 
average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation 
Index Performance of each Index comprising the Basket in respect of the relevant 
Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (as applicable) as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up);  
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Index Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) 
shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such 
Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Index comprising the 
Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Lowest 
Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Index Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) 
shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable to such 
Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Index comprising the 
Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average Basket – Highest 
Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; 
"Observation Securities Basket Price" mean, in respect of a Securities Basket: 
(i) 
if "Worst of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Observation 
Security Price of the Worst Performing Security; and 
(ii) 
if "Best of Basket" is specified with respect to such Securities Basket, the Observation 
Security Price of the Best Performing Security;

--- Page 355 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 343 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Observation Security Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, the result of the following formula expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Security: 
[Observation Security Price
Initial Security Price
] 
(ii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket other than a Securities Basket in respect of which 
"Average Basket" is specified, the result of the following formula expressed as a 
percentage (rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up)) 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In 
Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) and such 
Securities Basket: 
[Observation Securities Basket Price
Initial Securities Basket Price
] 
(iii) 
in relation to a Securities Basket in respect of which "Average Basket" is specified: 
(A) 
where "Single Observation", "Highest Price", "Lowest Price" or "Average Price" 
are specified as being applicable, the Observation Security Performance in respect 
of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-
In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) shall be the weighted average (in 
line with the Weighting applicable to such Basket) of the Observation Security 
Performance of each Security comprising the Basket in respect of the relevant 
Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption 
Valuation Date (as applicable) as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
(B) 
where "Average Basket – Lowest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Security Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as 
applicable) shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable 
to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Security 
comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average 
Basket – Lowest Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; and 
(C) 
where "Average Basket – Highest Date" is specified to apply, the Observation 
Security Performance in respect of the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as 
applicable) shall be the weighted average (in line with the Weighting applicable 
to such Basket) of the Observation Date Performances of each Security 
comprising the Basket as calculated by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up) on the Average 
Basket – Highest Observation Date with respect to such Valuation Date; 
"Observation Security Price" means, in respect of a Security, the Specified Price with respect to 
such Security determined with respect to the relevant Barrier Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date or 
Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable);

--- Page 356 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 344 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Offshore RMB" means RMB that is freely deliverable between accounts in the Offshore RMB 
Centre in accordance with the law and applicable regulation and guidelines issued by relevant 
authorities in the Offshore RMB Centre prevailing as of the Trade Date of the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Centre" means either Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan or any other jurisdiction 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Offshore RMB Disruption" means the occurrence of, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
an Offshore RMB Inconvertibility, Offshore RMB Non-transferability or Offshore RMB 
Illiquidity; 
"Offshore RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes 
it impossible (where it has previously been possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an 
offer price in respect of any amount in Offshore RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay an 
amount under the Notes (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"), in each case on the due date for 
payment or Valuation Date (as the case may be), either in one transaction or a commercially 
reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant 
Disrupted Amount, in the general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre 
in order to perform its obligations under the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that 
makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of 
Offshore RMB no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount into or from USD (or, if the Settlement 
Currency specified in the Final Terms is other than USD, then such Settlement Currency) in the 
general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Offshore RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence in each Offshore RMB Centre of 
any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for 
the Issuer to transfer Offshore RMB (i) between accounts inside an Offshore RMB Centre, (ii) 
from an account inside an Offshore RMB Centre to an account outside such Offshore RMB Centre 
and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore RMB Centre and outside the 
PRC to an account inside such Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). For the purpose of Offshore RMB Non-Transferability and Hong Kong as 
an Offshore RMB Centre only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the 
People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to 
be an account inside Hong Kong; 
"Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts" means, in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Coupon Trigger Amounts in respect of the Non-
Trigger Valuation Dates falling after the last Coupon Trigger Valuation Date on which a Coupon 
Trigger Event occurred (if any); 
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has adopted 
or adopts the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Participation" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
if no such percentage is specified, the Participation shall be 100%; 
"Performance Observation Period" means, with respect to: 
(i) 
the Strike Date, the period from and including the "Strike Observation Start Date" to 
and including the "Strike Observation End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Strike Observation Period");

--- Page 357 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 345 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
the Final Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Final Valuation 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Final Valuation Observation End Date", 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Performance Observation 
Period"); 
(iii) 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the 
"Autocall Observation Start Date" to and including the "Autocall Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Observation Period"); 
(iv) 
any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Coupon Trigger 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Coupon Trigger Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Coupon Trigger Observation 
Period"); 
(v) 
any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In Coupon 
Observation Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Coupon Observation End 
Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In Coupon Observation 
Period"); 
(vi) 
any Barrier Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Barrier Observation 
Start Date" to and including the "Barrier Observation End Date", each as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Barrier Observation Period"); and 
(vii) 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, the period from and including the "Lock-In 
Redemption Observation Start Date" to and including the "Lock-In Redemption 
Observation End Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Redemption Observation Period"); 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means (i) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of 
relevant Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Securities to existing holders whether by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or (ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Securities of (A) such Securities 
or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Underlying Company equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Securities or (C) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or (iii) an Extraordinary Dividend; or (iv) a call by the 
Underlying Company in respect of relevant Securities that are not fully paid; or (v) a repurchase 
by the Underlying Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Securities whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or (vi) 
in respect of the Underlying Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the Underlying Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or (vii) any other event that may have a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities; or (viii) any other event 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
With respect to Depository Receipts, "Potential Adjustment Event" shall also include (x) the 
occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (viii) (inclusive) above in respect of the relevant 
Underlying Securities, provided that the occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (vi) 
(inclusive) in respect of the relevant Underlying Securities shall not constitute a Potential 
Adjustment Event unless, the Calculation Agent determines that such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Securities and (y) the making of any amendment 
or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement; 
"PRC" means, solely for the purpose stated herein, the People's Republic of China excluding the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong") and

--- Page 358 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 346 - 
70-41030487 
 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in relation to the Relevant Rate, such Relevant Rate is not 
available for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Protected Amount" means an amount, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of Notes; 
"Protection Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means: 
(i) 
where the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
where the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the rate of interest determined in accordance with Conditions 4B(c) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions - Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA), 4B(d) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – ISDA Determination) or 4(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions - 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA), as applicable; 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Calculation and Rounding); 
"Redemption Rate" means the percentage in excess of 100% specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redenomination Date" means a date (being, in the case of interest-bearing Notes, a date on which 
interest in respect of such Notes is payable) which: 
(i) 
is specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8(a) 
(Redenomination – General); and 
(ii) 
falls on or after such date as the country of the Settlement Currency becomes a 
Participating Member State; 
"Reference Bank(s)" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Dealers" means leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either BBR, LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period

--- Page 359 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 347 - 
70-41030487 
 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Related Exchange" means, subject to the proviso below, in respect of an Index or Security, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index or Security in the relevant Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security 
as on the original Related Exchange) provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified 
as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean in respect 
of an Index or Security each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index or Security, as the case may be; 
"Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the amount payable is 
calculated by reference to the Relevant Rate determined on the related Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a Bearer Note 
for a Registered Note where such request for exchange is made to the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Transfer Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Transfer Agent is located; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
each Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option or other interest rate, yield, cost of fund or 
similar rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Reference 
Rate or Floating Rate Option); 
(b) 
each Relevant Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes 
(or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such 
Relevant Rate); 
(c) 
each Index specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Index); 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such Notes. 
To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source constitutes an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), such index, benchmark or price source, as applicable, shall be a "Relevant 
Benchmark" from the day on which it is first used; 
"Relevant Benchmark Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and a 
Relevant Benchmark, a date on which such Relevant Benchmark falls to be determined in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
"Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, a 
Relevant Benchmark and a Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, any payment date under the 
Notes for which the amount payable is calculated by reference to the Relevant Benchmark as 
determined on such Relevant Benchmark Determination Date; 
"Relevant Currency" means: 
(i) 
"AUD" which is the lawful currency of Australia;

--- Page 360 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 348 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
"CHF" which is the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
(iii) 
"EUR" which is the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
(iv) 
"GBP" which is the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and 
(v) 
"USD" which is the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Currency Business Day" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate that is the Alternative 
Payment Currency Exchange Rate or Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate or Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate, an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Final Performance" means the Final Index Performance or Final Security 
Performance, as applicable: 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre or centres for the currency in which 
payment falls to be made (or, where such currency is a National Currency Unit and the Notes have 
been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination), the former principal 
financial centre or centres) and in any other place set out in the Final Terms. In the case of payments 
which fall to be made in euro (save for payments in relation to Notes which have been 
redenominated into euros pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination)), a Euro Business Day. The 
Relevant Financial Centre Days in relation to any Tranche determined in accordance with the above 
provisions as at the Issue Date shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is 
denominated, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, (iii) a 
group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; 
"Relevant Observation Performance" means the Observation Index Performance or Observation 
Security Performance, as applicable; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate, Alternative Payment 
Cross Currency Rate or Settlement Currency Exchange Rate (as applicable); 
"Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is an Index, 
Condition 17(c) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Cancellation), as if the relevant 
Benchmark Trigger Event were an Index Cancellation; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is a Relevant 
Rate, if "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), as if the 
relevant Benchmark Trigger Event were a Price Source Disruption;

--- Page 361 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 349 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Replacement DRs" means, if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated, any depository 
receipts which the Calculation Agent determines, in accordance with Condition 21 (Events relating 
to DR-Linked Notes) are to replace the Depository Receipts constituted by such terminated Deposit 
Agreement; 
"Replacement Index" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A(b)(ii)(A) (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event); 
"Return Threshold" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Final Averaging Date" means the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Final Observation Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Observation Date; 
"Scheduled FX Fixing Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price 
Source Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index or a Security (as applicable) (a) any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange 
Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and 
(ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session or (c) 
any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Securities" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the equity securities, debt securities (including 
without limitation Government Bonds), depository receipts or other securities or property, as 
adjusted pursuant to Condition 18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 19 
(Additional Disruption Events) to which such Notes relate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and subject, in the case of a Series of Notes linked to Depositary Receipts, to the provisions of 
Condition 21 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes), or in the case of a Series of Notes linked to 
Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 20 (Adjustments where the Securities are Units in 
an ETF) and Condition 22 (Notes linked to Units in an ETF – General) and "Security" shall be 
construed accordingly;

--- Page 362 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 350 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Securities Basket" means in relation to a Series of Notes, the basket of Securities to which such 
Notes relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 19 (Additional 
Disruption Events) and "Securities Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Settlement Currency as 
published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index or a Security, the period of Clearing System 
Business Days following a trade in the relevant Security or the securities underlying such Index, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such 
period); 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
"SOR" means the synthetic rate for deposits in Singapore Dollars known as the Singapore Dollar 
Swap Offer Rate provided by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd., as the administrator 
of the benchmark (or a successor administrator); 
"SORA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Singapore Overnight Rate Average; 
"Specified Denomination" means, with respect to a Note in definitive form, the Denomination of 
such Note; 
"Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day or 
such other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Level" means, with respect to an Index, if the Specified Level with respect to the 
relevant Valuation Date is specified to be: 
(i) 
"Single Observation", the Closing Level of such Index on the Valuation Date for which 
the performance of the Index is to be determined; 
(ii) 
"Highest Level", the highest Closing Level of the Index over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
"Lowest Level", the lowest Closing Level of such Index over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
"Average Level", the arithmetic average of the Closing Levels of such Index over the 
Averaging Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Specified Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 363 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 351 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Specified Price" means, with respect to a Security, if the Specified Price with respect to the 
relevant determination of performance is specified to be: 
(i) 
"Single Observation", the Closing Price of such Security on the Valuation Date for which 
the performance of the Security is to be determined; 
(ii) 
"Highest Price", the highest Closing Price of the Security over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
"Lowest Price", the lowest Closing Price of such Security over the Observation Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
"Average Price", the arithmetic average of the Closing Prices of such Security over the 
Averaging Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Strike Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Strike Date in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next 
date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Substitute Index" means, in respect of an Index, a successor index identified by the Calculation 
Agent using commercially reasonable efforts, with characteristics, objectives and rules similar to 
such index in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the Index Cancellation with a view to 
produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholders in 
substantially the same economic position as prior to the relevant Index Cancellation; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system, or any successor thereto; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Underlying Company, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating 
to the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or on any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes); or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Index or the Securities on any relevant Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple 
Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any

--- Page 364 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 352 - 
70-41030487 
 
Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Underlying" means either an "Underlying Index" or an "Underlying Security"; 
"Underlying Company" means the issuer of the Security as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if the Notes are DR-Linked Notes, each of the Depository and the issuer of the relevant 
Underlying Security, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 18 
(Adjustments and Events affecting Securities), and subject, in the case of a Series of Notes linked 
to Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 22 (Notes linked to Units in an ETF – General); 
"Underlying Index", in relation to an ETF, means each index to which such ETF relates; 
"Underlying Security" means, with respect to DR-Linked Notes and a Depository Receipt, the 
security and any other property to which such Depository Receipt relates; 
"Unit", in relation to an ETF, has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, a day, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is not a Relevant Currency Business Day and the market was not aware of 
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until on or later than the second Relevant Currency Business Day (or such other 
number of Relevant Currency Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
preceding the Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Index or a Security (as applicable), a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Final 
Valuation Date, Barrier Valuation Date, Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, or Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date 
(as applicable) does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means the Strike Date, the Final Valuation Date, any Barrier Valuation Date, 
any Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, any 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date or any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date; 
"Valuation Time" means (a) in relation to each Security to be valued or each Index (other than a 
Multiple Exchange Index) the level of which falls to be determined on any date, the time on such 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such date in relation to such Index or Security, as 
applicable. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation 
Time shall be such actual closing time; or (b) in relation to a Multiple Exchange Index for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred: 
(i) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security, and (ii) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such 
Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange for such Index; and (c) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor and/or set out in the Index Rules for such Index (as applicable); 
"Weighting" means, in respect of each Index or Security (as applicable) comprised in the relevant 
Basket, the percentage weighting assigned to such Index or Security and specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Index" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Level of each Index in the Basket has been

--- Page 365 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 353 - 
70-41030487 
 
determined, the Index for which the Specified Level of such Index determined with respect to such 
day divided by the Initial Index Level for such Index is lowest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
"Worst Performing Security" means in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) with respect to which the Specified Price of each Security in the Basket has been 
determined, the Security for which the Specified Price of such Security determined with respect to 
such day divided by the Initial Security Price for such Security is lowest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
or in uncertificated registered form ("Uncertificated Registered Notes") as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes issued in definitive form are referred to as "Definitive 
Notes". Definitive Notes will be serially numbered. In the case of Registered Notes, a 
certificate will be issued to each Noteholder in respect of its registered holding. Each such 
certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in 
the register (the "Register") maintained by the Registrar in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Denomination 
Subject to Condition 8 (Redenomination), Bearer Notes will be in the 
denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes of one 
denomination will not be exchangeable after their initial delivery for Notes of any 
other denomination. 
(ii) 
General; Title 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery Coupons, presentation of 
which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances 
specified below. Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will also, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, a 
Talon for further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context 
so permits, include Talons. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes will pass by delivery. References 
herein to the "Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Coupons are to the bearers of such 
Bearer Notes or such Coupons. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agents and the Registrar may deem and treat the Holder of any Bearer 
Note or of any Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for the purpose of receiving payment on account 
thereof and for all other purposes. 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Denomination 
Registered Notes will be in the denomination(s) and multiples specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 366 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 354 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
General; Title 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the Register. References herein 
to the "Holders" of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such 
Registered Notes are so registered in the Register. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agents and the Registrar may deem and treat the person in whose name 
any Registered Note is registered (and, if more than one, the first named thereof) 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for the purpose of receiving payment on account thereof and for all other 
purposes. 
(iii) 
Regulations concerning transfer and registration of Registered Notes 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject 
to the detailed regulations (the "Regulations") concerning exchange and transfer 
of Registered Notes scheduled to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. The 
Regulations may be amended, supplemented or replaced by the Issuer with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar but without the consent of the Holders of 
any Notes. A copy of the current Regulations are available for inspection during 
usual business hours at the specified office of the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents. 
(d) 
Uncertificated Registered Notes 
The Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be issued in uncertificated registered form in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any 
modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the "Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations"). The Uncertificated Registered Notes are participating securities 
for the purposes of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Title to the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes is recorded on the relevant Operator (as defined below) register of 
corporate securities. The CREST Registrar on behalf of the Issuer shall maintain a record 
of uncertified corporate securities (the "Record") in relation to the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the 
Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the rules of the Operator. 
Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record 
as the holder of a particular number of Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be treated by 
the Issuer and the CREST Registrar as the holder of such number of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "Holder" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the Issuer and the 
CREST Registrar shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done 
by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the 
Record which the CREST Registrar maintains are in accordance with particulars entered 
in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the Uncertificated Registered 
Notes. 
Uncertificated Registered Notes will be in the denomination(s) and multiples specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Title to Uncertificated Registered Notes will pass upon registration of the transfer in the 
Operator register of corporate securities. All transactions in relation to Uncertificated 
Registered Notes (including transfers of Uncertificated Registered Notes) in the open 
market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the Operator subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Operator. 
No provision of these Conditions as amended in accordance with the relevant Final Terms 
shall (notwithstanding anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that 
it is in any respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of title to Uncertificated Registered 
Notes in uncertificated form, (II) the transfer of title to Uncertificated Registered Notes by

--- Page 367 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 355 - 
70-41030487 
 
means of a relevant system or (III) the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything 
contained in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms, so long as the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes are participating securities, (A) the Operator register of corporate 
securities relating to the Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be maintained at all times 
in the United Kingdom, (B) the Uncertificated Registered Notes may be issued in 
uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to any Uncertificated Registered Note shall remain applicable 
notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such Uncertificated 
Registered Note. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating 
securities", "record of uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as 
defined in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such 
term is used in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations) is CREST (or any additional or 
alternative operator from time to time approved by the Issuer and the CREST Registrar in 
relation to the Uncertificated Registered Notes and in accordance with the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations. Any reference herein to the "Operator" shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative 
Operator from time to time and notified to the holders of the Uncertificated Registered 
Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If at any time: 
(i) 
a Noteholder ceases for any reason to be a member of CREST; or 
(ii) 
the Uncertificated Registered Notes cease for any reason to be participating 
securities capable of being held in CREST, 
then the Issuer shall, in accordance with the rules and procedures governing CREST, 
ensure that Registered Notes are issued in exchange for the Uncertificated Registered 
Notes and that such Registered Notes are registered in such names as the Operator shall 
notify to the Issuer. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and, at their date of issue, (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer for the time being outstanding. 
4. 
Interest 
4A. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Subject to Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed), this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other 
redemption amount, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or

--- Page 368 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 356 - 
70-41030487 
 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the 
Calculation Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment, in which case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one denomination (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a 
global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated 
Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (as defined in 
Condition 1 (Definitions)) (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention). Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, or the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of 
Uncertificated Registered Notes, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note 
or, as the case may be, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Aggregate 
Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be the product of (1) the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) of interest payable in relation to the Calculation Amount and (2) 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
4B. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Subject to Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating), this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Floating Rate Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other 
redemption amount, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or

--- Page 369 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 357 - 
70-41030487 
 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the 
Calculation Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment, in which case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA 
If Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis subject always to the provisions of Condition 
13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears in 
the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appears in the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of sub-paragraph (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, then: 
(a) 
if ISDA Determination for Fall-back provisions is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then, subject to the penultimate 
paragraph of this Condition 4B(c) (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA), the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with Condition 4B(d) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Note Provisions – ISDA Determination) on the basis of the 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date and other 
items (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as if fewer than the minimum number of 
Reference Banks specified therein had quoted; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference 
Rate in the Relevant Currency at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal 
financial centre of the Settlement Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Settlement Currency to leading European banks for a period

--- Page 370 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 358 - 
70-41030487 
 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period: 
(i) subject to (ii) below, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of a preceding Interest Period; or (ii) if the Notes are 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which no Rate of Interest has yet been 
determined under this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the rate applicable to the Notes in respect of the 
preceding Interest Period for which Condition 4A (Interest –Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) applied. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination for Fall-back 
provisions is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the Calculation Agent may be required to determine 
the relevant Floating Rate by reference to the rates provided by 
certain financial institutions selected by it in accordance with the 
ISDA Definitions in circumstances in which Condition 4B(c)(iii)(a) 
(Interest - Floating Rate Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination 
for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA) applies. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specifies either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions; 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Option" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the "Designated Maturity" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant "Reset Date" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as

--- Page 371 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 359 - 
70-41030487 
 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging 
with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 372 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 360 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the final Interest Period End 
Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specifies "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication –
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
provided, however, that: 
(1) 
if in relation to any Interest Period the application of the above provisions 
does not result in the determination of an ISDA Rate for any Interest 
Period and if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) has 
not determined that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in relation 
to a Relevant Benchmark relating to the Notes, then (a) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period having 
regard to such facts and circumstances as it considers relevant and (b) the 
Calculation Agent shall not be required to obtain quotations from 
Reference Banks (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for purposes of 
determining the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period notwithstanding that 
it might otherwise be required to do so as a fallback procedure for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions; and 
(2) 
if in relation to any Interest Period the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event has 
occurred in relation to a Relevant Benchmark relating to the Notes then 
(a) the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) shall apply and (b) the Calculation Agent shall not be 
required to obtain quotations from Reference Banks (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) for purposes of determining the ISDA Rate for such 
Interest Period notwithstanding that it might otherwise be required to do 
so as a fallback procedure for the relevant Floating Rate Option pursuant 
to the ISDA Definitions. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate(s) is/are to be determined, then the 
Calculation Agent may be required to determine the relevant Floating Rate by 
reference to the rates provided by certain financial institutions selected by it in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions if (a) the Floating Rate Option specified in the 
Final Terms refers expressly to "Reference Banks" in its title or (b) the primary 
method for determining the ISDA Rate in accordance with the ISDA Definitions fails 
for any reason (unless the Final Terms specify that ISDA Reference Banks Fallbacks 
are not applicable). 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR 
or SORA 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the

--- Page 373 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 361 - 
70-41030487 
 
sum of the Margin and the Relevant Rate, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period. 
(ii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iii) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable 
on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes 
being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(iv) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the Observation 
Period relating to such Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Lag", "Lock-Out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the Applicable Period. 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) IndexStart to (but 
excluding) IndexEnd. 
"d0" means the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable 
Period. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Reference Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Reference Rate Business Day in the 
Applicable Period (each a "Reference Rate Business Day(i)"). 
"IndexEnd" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period. 
"IndexStart" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period. 
"Index Value" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index for such Reference 
Rate Business Day as published by authorised redistributors on such 
Reference Rate Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded 
Index cannot be obtained from such authorised redistributors, as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England's 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or on such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the

--- Page 374 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 362 - 
70-41030487 
 
SONIA Compounded Index) on the next following Reference Rate 
Business Day; provided, however, that in the event that the value 
originally so published is corrected on such Reference Rate Business 
Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference 
Rate Business Day; and 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value of the SOFR Index published by Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind (or on such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SOFR Index) at or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, that in the 
event that the value originally so published is subsequently corrected and 
such corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate on the original date of publication, 
then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference 
Rate Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website. 
"ni" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to 
(but excluding) the next following Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Non-Reset Date" means each Reference Rate Business Day(i) in an Applicable 
Period, the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to which falls on or 
after the Rate Cut-Off Date (if any). 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period (and in respect of the first Interest Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is 
"p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means the whole number specified as such in the Final Terms representing a 
number of Reference Rate Business Days; 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means: 
(A) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms and "SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Reference Rate Business Day 
immediately prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms and a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the 
relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any Interest Period, the second 
Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination 
Date;

--- Page 375 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 363 - 
70-41030487 
 
(C) 
where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and: 
(I) 
"SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, the 
Reference Rate Business Day immediately prior to the Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the final Interest Period only; 
(II) 
a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of any Interest Period other than the final 
Interest Period, the second Reference Rate Business 
Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date in 
relation to the final Interest Period only; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the final Interest Period, the second 
Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the 
Interest Determination Date; and 
(D) 
in any other circumstances, no Rate Cut-Off Date shall apply. 
"Reference Rate" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA (or any successor administrator 
of such rate) to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the Reference 
Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business 
Day; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
published at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding Reference Rate 
Business Day for trades made on such Reference Rate Business Day; 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such 
Reference Rate Business Day as published by the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") on the Reference 
Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business 
Day; or 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Singapore Overnight Rate 
Average ("SORA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as 
provided by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as the administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) ("MAS"), on the 
website of the MAS currently at http://www.mas.gov.sg or any successor 
website officially designated by the MAS (or as published by its 
authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate Business Day immediately 
following such Reference Rate Business Day.

--- Page 376 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 364 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Reference Rate(i)" or "REFi" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business 
Day(i), the Reference Rate for the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation 
to such Reference Rate Business Day(i), provided that where either "Lock Out" 
or "Payment Delay" are specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) in respect of each Interest Non-Reset Date (if 
any) in an Applicable Period shall be Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) as determined 
in relation to the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Euro Business Day; or 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public holiday) 
on which commercial banks settle payments in Singapore. 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i): 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Reference Rate Business Day falling "p" Reference Rate 
Business Days prior to such Reference Rate Business Day(i); and 
(B) 
otherwise, such Reference Rate Business Day(i); 
"Relevant Rate" means with respect to an Interest Period: 
(A) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms (or is deemed to be not applicable as set out in the 
proviso to paragraph (B) below): 
(I) 
where "Compounded Daily Rate" is specified as the 
Determination Method in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
applicable Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated as 
follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) 
in the case of SONIA, €STR and SORA to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001%), with 0.00005% 
being rounded upwards; and (ii) in the case of SOFR to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001%), with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝐹𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
Y
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × Y
𝑑 
(II) 
where "Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the 
Determination Method in the relevant Final Terms the arithmetic 
mean of Reference Rate(i) for each Reference Rate Business

--- Page 377 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 365 - 
70-41030487 
 
Day during such Applicable Period (each "Reference Rate 
Business Day(i)"), calculated by multiplying the relevant 
Reference Rate(i) for any Reference Rate Business Day(i) by the 
number of days such Reference Rate(i) is in effect (being the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such Reference 
Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the next following 
Reference Rate Business Day), determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Applicable Period; or 
(B) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the rate calculated as follows, with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) in the case of SONIA, €STR and 
SORA to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0001%), with 0.00005% being rounded upwards and (ii) in the case of 
SOFR to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001%), with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
( IndexEnd
IndexStart
-1) × Y
dc
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any 
reason to determine IndexEnd or IndexStart in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Relevant Rate shall be calculated for such Interest Period as 
if RFR Index Determination had been specified as being not applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms (and accordingly paragraph (A)(I) of this 
definition and "Observation Shift" and "Standard Shift" will apply). 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof). 
"Y" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no number 
is so specified, a number reflecting the denominator for day count fractions 
customarily used to calculate floating rate interest amounts on instruments 
denominated in the Specified Currency and with an original maturity equal to that 
of the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event) (as applicable): 
(A) 
if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors in respect of the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date, Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of SONIA if the 
administrator of SONIA is a national central bank, or (ii) if the national 
central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation 
or the administrator of SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee 
designated for this purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct 
Authority (or any successor thereto) and the Bank of England and as 
provided by the then administrator or provider of that rate, or if that rate 
is not provided by the then administrator or provider thereof, published 
by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day (the "GBP 
Recommended Rate");

--- Page 378 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 366 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the GBP Recommended Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provision, the Reference Rate in respect 
of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the official bank rate as 
determined by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England 
and published by the Bank of England last provided or published as at 
close of business in London on such Reference Rate Business Day(i); 
and 
(C) 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period); 
provided, however, that if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for 
which no Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this Condition 
4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the rate 
applicable to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for 
which Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
(vi) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as provided in the 
relevant definition thereof for the related Reference Rate Determination 
Date, and: 
(I) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms a SOFR Transition Event and a related 
SOFR Replacement Date have not both occurred; or 
(II) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred, 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
shall be the Reference Rate in respect of the last Reference Rate Business 
Day prior to the related Reference Rate Determination Date for which 
such Reference Rate was so published as provided in the relevant 
definition thereof. 
(B) 
Where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if; 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determines that a SOFR Transition Event and the

--- Page 379 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 367 - 
70-41030487 
 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in relation to the 
Reference Rate (or any SOFR Replacement Rate previously 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(e)(vi) on the 
Reference Rate Business Day on which a determination of 
Reference Rate is due to be made, 
the SOFR Replacement Rate will replace the then-current Reference Rate 
for all purposes and in respect of all determinations on such Reference 
Rate Business Day and (without prejudice to the further operation of this 
Condition 4(e)(vi) all subsequent determinations; provided that, if the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or its designee (in consultation with the Issuer) is unable to or 
does not determine a SOFR Replacement Rate in accordance with the 
provisions below prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the interest rate for the related Interest 
Period will be equal to (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period); provided, 
however, that if the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which no 
Rate of Interest has yet been determined under this Condition 4B 
(Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the rate applicable to the 
Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period for which Condition 4A 
(Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) applied. 
(C) 
If "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if: 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determines that a SOFR Index Cessation Event and 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred (the first 
date on which (I) and (II) occur, being the "Rate Switch Date"), 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
shall be the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate 
may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or 
spreads) as determined in relation to related Reference Rate 
Determination Date for such Reference Rate Business Day(i); provided, 
however, that, if no such rate has been recommended within one 
Reference Rate Business Day of the Rate Switch Date, then:

--- Page 380 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 368 - 
70-41030487 
 
(1) 
subject to (2) below, Reference Rate(i) in relation to each 
Reference Rate Business Day(i) falling on or after the Rate 
Switch Date shall be equal to the rate determined in accordance 
with the definition of Reference Rate(i) or Condition 
4B(e)(vi)(A) (as applicable), but as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to "Reference Rate 
Business Day" were to "New York Fed Business Day", 
but so that in the case of the Applicable Period in which 
the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date occurred, 
"d0" shall be construed so that it means the aggregate of 
(x) the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the 
Applicable Period up to (but excluding) the Rate Switch 
Date and (y) the number of New York Fed Business 
Days in the Applicable Period relating to such Interest 
Period from (and including) the Rate Switch Date (and 
"i" shall be construed accordingly); 
(bb) 
references to "daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate" 
were to the "daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate"; 
(cc) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" were 
references to "OBFR Index Cessation Event"; and 
(dd) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" 
were references to "OBFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date"; and 
(2) 
if, (A) in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published 
as provided in (1) above for the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date and (B) an OBFR Index Cessation Event 
and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date have both 
occurred (the first date on which (A) and (B) occur, being the 
"OBFR Switch Date"), then, in relation to each Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) falling on or after the later of the Rate Switch 
Date and the OBFR Switch Date, Reference Rate(i) shall be 
equal to the rate determined in accordance with the definition of 
Reference Rate(i) or Condition 4B(e)(vi)(A) (as applicable), but 
as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to "Reference Rate 
Business Day" were to "New York Fed Business Day", 
but so that in the case of the Applicable Period in which 
the OBFR Switch Date occurred, "d0" shall be construed 
so that it means the aggregate of (x) the number of 
Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable Period 
up to (but excluding) the OBFR Switch Date and (y) the 
number of New York Fed Business Days in the 
Applicable Period relating to such Interest Period from 
(and including) the OBFR Switch Date (and "i" shall be 
construed accordingly); and 
(bb) 
references in Condition 4B(e)(i)-(iv) to the "daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at or 
around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding 
Reference Rate Business Day for trades made on such 
Reference Rate Business Day" were a reference to the 
short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee, as published on the Federal

--- Page 381 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 369 - 
70-41030487 
 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference 
Rate Determination Date, or if the Federal Open Market 
Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee, as published on the Federal 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference 
Rate Determination Date (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest second decimal place with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards); 
(D) 
The Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) may at any time, 
specify any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (without prejudice 
to the further operation of this Condition 4B(e)(vi) and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders of the relevant Series or of the 
Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto shall be required in 
connection with effecting such changes, including for the execution of 
any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the 
parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). The Issuer shall promptly 
following determination of any changes pursuant to this Condition 
4B(e)(vi) give notice thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the 
Calculation Agent) (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)). 
(E) 
Definitions 
"designee" means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer. 
"Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Board of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
currently 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any successor website; 
"ISDA Definitions" means (for the purposes of this Condition 
4B(e)(vi)(E)) the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Reference Rate 
for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Reference Rate 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
"New York Fed Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Fedwire Securities Services or the Fedwire 
Funds Service of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website;

--- Page 382 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 370 - 
70-41030487 
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to an OBFR 
Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate) ceases to publish the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
or the date as of which the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no 
longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or 
provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide a daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Reference 
Rate means (1) if the Reference Rate is SOFR, the time specified for such 
determination specified in the definition of the Reference Rate, and (2) if 
the Reference Rate is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the 
Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to 
the SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"SIFMA" means the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) ceases to publish the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate, or the date as of which the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate may no longer be used; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate

--- Page 383 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 371 - 
70-41030487 
 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to publish or 
provide a daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the use of the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation, 
to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee (in consultation with the Issuer) as of the SOFR Replacement 
Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustments, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Reference Rate with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time. 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any SOFR Replacement Rate or a replacement rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 4B(e)(vi)(B) (the "Relevant Replacement 
Rate"), changes to (1) any Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment 
Date, Effective Interest Payment Date, Reference Time, Business Day 
Convention or Interest Period, (2) the manner, timing and frequency of 
determining the rate and amounts of interest that are payable on the Notes 
during the Interest Period and the conventions relating to such 
determination and calculations with respect to interest, (3) rounding 
conventions, (4) tenors and (5) any other terms or provisions of the Notes 
during the Interest Period, in each case that the Issuer (in consultation, to 
the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee (in consultation with Issuer) determine, from time to time, to be 
appropriate to reflect the determination and implementation of the 
Relevant Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice.

--- Page 384 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 372 - 
70-41030487 
 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event," the later of (i) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date 
on which the administrator of the Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Replacement 
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination. 
"SOFR Replacement Rate" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee 
(in consultation with the Issuer) as of the SOFR Replacement Date. 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with 
the Issuer) as the replacement for the then-current Reference 
Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a SOFR Replacement Rate 
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same 
length (disregarding business day adjustments) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Reference Rate. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Reference Rate (or such component), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate (or such component); or

--- Page 385 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 373 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
(or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Reference Rate (or such component) or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer representative. 
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement Rate 
excluding the SOFR Replacement Rate Adjustment. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "€STR" or "SORA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event) (as applicable), if, in respect of any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Applicable Period, the Reference Rate has not 
been published as provided in the definition thereof in respect of the related 
Reference Rate Determination Date (the "Relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date"), Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) shall be the Reference Rate as determined on the Reference Rate 
Business Day preceding the Relevant Reference Rate Determination Date on 
which the Reference Rate has been published as provided in the definition thereof. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of the Notes for such Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a 
global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated 
Registered Notes notwithstanding that the formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms may provide for calculation in relation to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 386 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 374 - 
70-41030487 
 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (as 
defined in Condition 1 (Definitions)) (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention). Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, or the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of 
Uncertificated Registered Notes, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note 
or, as the case may be, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Aggregate 
Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be the product of (1) the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) of interest payable in relation to the Calculation Amount and (2) 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than an 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above 
paragraph but as if reference therein to "Interest Period" were to such other period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date (whether 
as a result of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event or for any other 
reason) interest shall be payable with respect to the period from and including the most 
recent Interest Payment Date to but excluding the final date of redemption. 
(h) 
Dividend Equivalent Payments 
In respect of any Series of Notes where the principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes is determined by reference to one or more variables such as an index, formula, 
security, currency exchange rate, interest rate or other factor (each variable being a 
"Reference Asset" or, if it is comprised in a basket of variables, a "Reference Asset 
Component"), if the Final Terms in respect of such Notes states the Notes are "Section 
871(m) Notes", the Final Terms shall further specify whether the "Dividend Withholding" 
or "Issuer Withholding" approach to withholding in relation to Section 871(m) IRC shall 
be applicable to the Notes. 
If "Dividend Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall provide for the Issuer to make payments to Noteholders in respect of any 
dividend equivalent amounts received or deemed received in respect of any Reference 
Asset or Reference Asset Component and shall include provisions relating to the amount 
and timing of such payments. 
If "Issuer Withholding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Terms shall 
specify whether any dividend equivalent amounts are to be treated as being reinvested 
during the term of the Notes and what portion thereof is expected as of the Issue Date to 
be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having been withheld from a payment 
due to the Noteholders 
(i) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s), to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
denomination, the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount

--- Page 387 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 375 - 
70-41030487 
 
but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Note having the minimum denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 4B 
(Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will be made by the 
Calculation Agent and will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
4C. 
Coupon Trigger Notes 
This Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is applicable where Coupon Trigger Event 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, subject to the additional provisions of 
Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon Event) and Condition 4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery Event) below. 
If a Coupon Trigger Event occurs in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, then the Issuer 
shall pay, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount 
equivalent to the Coupon Trigger Amount on the relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will cause any Coupon Trigger Amount required to be determined by it 
together with details of the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date to be notified to the Paying Agents as 
soon as practicable after such determination (including where such amount is payable following 
the occurrence of a Lock-In Coupon Event in accordance with Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon 
Event) below). 
If a Coupon Trigger Event does not occur in relation to a Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, then no 
Coupon Trigger Amount under this Condition 4C shall be payable in respect of the Notes on the 
relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date. 
4D. 
Lock-In Coupon Event 
This Condition 4D (Lock-In Coupon Event) is applicable to the Notes only if Lock-In Coupon 
Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
If a Lock-In Coupon Event occurs in relation to any Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date, then the 
Issuer shall, notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 4C (Coupon Trigger Notes) pay, 
in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equivalent 
to the Coupon Trigger Amount on each relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date falling on or after 
the relevant Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date. 
4E. 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event 
This Condition 4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery Event) shall apply if Coupon Trigger Recovery 
Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
If a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event occurs in relation to any Coupon Trigger Valuation Date, 
then (in addition to any Coupon Trigger Amount that might be payable pursuant to Condition 4C) 
the Issuer shall pay, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation 
Amount equivalent to the Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts on the relevant Coupon Trigger 
Payment Date. 
If a Coupon Trigger Recovery Event does not occur in relation to a Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date, then no Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount shall be payable in respect of the Notes on the 
relevant Coupon Trigger Payment Date under this Condition 4E (notwithstanding any amount 
which might be payable pursuant to Condition 4C).

--- Page 388 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 376 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts required to be 
determined by it together with details of the Coupon Trigger Valuation Date to be notified to the 
Paying Agents as soon as practicable after such determination. 
4F. 
Relevant Rate - Fixed 
If Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and "Relevant Rate – Fixed" is further specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then this Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed) shall apply. 
Where this Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – Fixed) is applicable, to the extent that a "Coupon Trigger 
Amount" and/or "Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount" is payable in accordance with the relevant 
Condition, the quantum of any Coupon Trigger Amount (including such Coupon Trigger Amounts 
as are required to be calculated to determine any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts) shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4A (Fixed Rate Notes). 
4G. 
Relevant Rate - Floating 
If Condition 4C (Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes) is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and "Relevant Rate – Floating" is further specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then this Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating) shall apply. 
Where this Condition 4G (Relevant Rate – Floating) is applicable, to the extent that a "Coupon 
Trigger Amount" and/or "Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount" is payable in accordance with the 
relevant Condition, the quantum of any Coupon Trigger Amount (including such Coupon Trigger 
Amounts as are required to be calculated to determine any Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts) 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4B (Floating Rate Notes). 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at an amount per Calculation Amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") in 
the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity) together with 
Conditions 5(b) (Redemption Provisions) on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the scheduled date on which such Note is to be redeemed (the "Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the Final Valuation Date, calculate 
the Final Redemption Amount in relation to each Note. Subject to Condition 5(j) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) and Condition 5(c) (Lock-In 
Redemption) the Final Redemption Amount of a Note will be calculated in accordance 
with one of the following paragraphs of this Condition 5(b), depending on the type of Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Booster with Barrier Redemption 
If Booster with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and

--- Page 389 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 377 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, 100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(ii) 
Airbag with Barrier Redemption 
If Airbag with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and no Barrier Event has occurred, the result 
of the following formula: 
Max {Conditional Protection Percentage; 100%+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the result of 
the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(D) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(iii) 
Barrier Redemption 
If Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold and/or no Barrier Event has occurred, 100%; 
or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance.

--- Page 390 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 378 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iv) 
Digital with Barrier Redemption 
If Digital with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(v) 
Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption 
If Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]} 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but no Barrier Event has occurred, the Conditional 
Protection Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and a Barrier Event has occurred, the Relevant Final 
Performance. 
(vi) 
Growth with Full Protection Redemption 
If Growth with Full Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
the result of the following formula: 
Max {Protection Level Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]}

--- Page 391 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 379 - 
70-41030487 
 
(vii) 
Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Growth with Partial Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
(viii) 
Digital with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Digital with Partial Protection Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max[Minimum Return Percentage; Relevant Final Performance] 
(ix) 
Buffer Redemption 
If Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Strike Percentage, 100%; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Strike 
Percentage, the result of the following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(x) 
Booster with Buffer Redemption 
If Booster with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 392 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 380 - 
70-41030487 
 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
100%+Min [Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xi) 
Digital with Buffer Redemption 
If Digital with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product 
of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, 100% + Digital Return Percentage; 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xii) 
Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption 
If Digital Growth with Buffer Redemption is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Max {100% +  Digital Return Percentage; 100%
+ Min[Cap; Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]};

--- Page 393 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 381 - 
70-41030487 
 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold but greater than or equal to the Strike Percentage, 
100%; or 
(C) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold and less than the Strike Percentage, the result of the 
following formula: 
 [Relevant Final Performance/Strike Percentage] 
(xiii) 
Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection Redemption 
If Step-Down Growth with Partial Protection is specified in relation to the Final 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to 
the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than the 
Return Threshold, the result of the following formula: 
Min[100% + Cap; Minimum Redemption Percentage + [Participation × Max [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]] 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than the Return 
Threshold, the Minimum Redemption Percentage. 
(c) 
Lock-In Redemption 
If Lock-In Redemption Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding any provision of Condition 5(b), if a Lock-In Redemption Event has 
occurred with respect to the Notes, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency per Calculation Amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(2) 
Lock-In Redemption Percentage. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If in respect of a Series of Notes Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and: 
(i) 
on a subsequent date for the payment of interest on such Series of Notes the Issuer 
would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer were to seek to redeem such Notes (for which purpose no regard shall 
be had to whether or not the Issuer would otherwise be entitled to redeem such 
Notes), the Issuer would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice (ending, in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date) to the Noteholders in respect of 
such Series of Notes, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes, at their Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued 
and unpaid, if any, to the date fixed for redemption provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days (or in the case of Floating Rate Notes a 
number of days which is equal to the lesser of the aggregate of the number of days in the 
then current Interest Period plus 60 days and 90 days) prior to the earliest date on which

--- Page 394 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 382 - 
70-41030487 
 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. 
Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons) the Issuer may obtain a certificate of an 
independent legal adviser or accountant to the effect either that such a circumstance does 
exist or that, upon a change in or amendment to the laws of the United Kingdom (including 
any regulations pursuant thereto), or in the interpretation or administration thereof, which 
at the date of such certificate is proposed and in the opinion of such legal adviser or 
accountant is reasonably expected to become effective on or prior to the date on which the 
relevant payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes would otherwise be made, 
becoming so effective, such circumstances would exist and any such certificate shall be 
sufficient to establish the circumstances required by this Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
(e) 
Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes 
This Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Autocallable 
Notes) applies only where Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs in relation to any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and subject to Condition 5(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation 
and Rounding), the redemption amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon 
redemption of each Note shall be an amount per Calculation Amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
(f) 
Early Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate its obligations under the Notes, if the 
Calculation Agent shall have determined that the performance of such obligations under 
the Notes shall after the Trade Date have become unlawful in whole or in part, including, 
without limitation, as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, 
rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or request of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power provided, 
however, that if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant obligations have 
become unlawful, the Issuer may obtain an opinion of an independent legal adviser to that 
effect prior to terminating its obligations under the Notes, and any such opinion shall be 
sufficient to establish the circumstances required by this Condition 5(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality). In such circumstances the Issuer will pay to 
each Noteholder the Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(g) 
Early Redemption for Significant Change Event 
The Issuer shall have the right (but not the obligation) to terminate its obligations under 
the Notes, if the Issuer shall have determined that an event or circumstance or combination 
of events or circumstances has occurred that is not attributable to the Issuer but which has 
as its consequence that the economic balance of the Notes as at the Issue Date is 
significantly altered, including, without limitation, where such event causes a material 
increased cost for the Issuer as a consequence of change in tax laws, solvency or regulatory 
capital requirements, nationalisation, or regulatory action. In such circumstances the 
Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the Early Redemption Amount. Payment will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices).

--- Page 395 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 383 - 
70-41030487 
 
(h) 
Purchases 
Each of the Issuer and any person directly or indirectly connected with the Issuer may at 
any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, and such Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, provided such Notes are held by the Issuer, at the option of 
the Issuer, reissued or cancelled. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At 
Maturity), 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes) or 5(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality) shall, and all Notes 
purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Purchases) may, at the option of the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith). All Notes redeemed or purchased and cancelled as aforesaid 
may not be re-issued or resold. 
(j) 
No Other Redemption Provisions 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity), 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Redemption for Autocallable Notes), 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
for Illegality), Condition 17 (Adjustments to Indices), Condition 18 (Adjustments and 
Events affecting Securities), Condition 19 (Additional Disruption Events) and Condition 
21 (Events relating to DR-Linked Notes). 
(k) 
Calculation and Rounding 
Any redemption amount payable on redemption of a Note (the "Redemption Amount") 
shall be calculated pursuant to this Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and in 
rounding any values determined or calculated in connection with such Redemption 
Amount, the Calculation Agent shall apply the following rounding conventions: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a 
global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, the Redemption Amount shall be calculated in relation to the 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes represented by such global 
Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated Registered Notes, rounded to 
the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention) notwithstanding that the 
formula specified in the relevant Final Terms may provide for the Redemption 
Amount to be calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be calculated in relation to the 
Calculation Amount rounded to the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention). 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, or the Notes are represented by a global Note or global Notes or 
Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, the Redemption Amount 
shall be the product of (1) the amount (determined in the manner provided above) payable 
in relation to the Calculation Amount and (2) the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination or, as the case may be, the 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the

--- Page 396 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 384 - 
70-41030487 
 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(l) 
Monetisation option 
If "Monetisation Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and 
an event occurs as a consequence of which the Issuer exercises its right to redeem the 
Notes at the applicable Early Redemption Amount: 
(a) 
the Noteholder shall receive, on the Maturity Date (and notwithstanding the early 
redemption notice) the Monetisation Amount, unless the Noteholder elects, in 
accordance with this Condition 5(l), to receive the Early Redemption Amount on 
the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issuer's notice of early redemption must include the following: 
(i) 
the cut-off date and time for each Noteholder to elect to receive the Early 
Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the instructions to allow such Noteholder to make such election, 
substantially in accordance with the paragraph below; and 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount; 
(v) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation 
Amount; and 
(vi) 
a confirmation that, in the absence of making an election to receive the 
Early Redemption Amount, such Noteholder will receive the 
Monetisation Amount on the Maturity Date. 
In order to elect to receive the Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early 
redemption of the Notes, a Noteholder must no later than the cut-off date and time set out 
in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, give notice to the Issuer with a copy to the 
Principal Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), and, on or prior to the 
date on which such notice is given, deposit the Note or Notes in respect of which such 
notice is given (together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Note, with any 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any Paying 
Agent, or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar. 
6. 
Taxation 
6A. 
Taxation – No gross-up 
This Condition 6A (Taxation – No gross-up) will be applicable to all Series of Notes unless it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold 
or deduct, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in connection with such 
withholding or deduction. 
6B. 
Taxation – Gross-up 
This Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) will only be applicable to a Series of Notes where it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that this Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable.

--- Page 397 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 385 - 
70-41030487 
 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. 
In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold or deduct, it will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, as the case may be, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes and/or, 
as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Note or Coupon who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of it having some connection with the United Kingdom or any other relevant 
jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
unless it is proved, in the case of Bearer Notes, to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Paying Agent to whom the same is presented, or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, to the satisfaction of the Registrar, that the Holder is unable to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by satisfying any statutory requirement or by making a 
declaration of non residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authorities or by notifying (and/or presenting evidence of such notification to) any tax 
authorities of such payment of principal or interest or by presenting the relevant Note or 
Coupon at the specified office of another Paying Agent; 
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (defined below) except, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; 
(d) 
in the case of Registered Notes, unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the Registrar that 
the Holder, immediately upon becoming the Holder, (i) was eligible for the benefits of a 
tax treaty with the United Kingdom or any other relevant jurisdiction that provides for a 
complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the Notes, or (ii) was 
otherwise entitled to a complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the 
Notes; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is not the sole beneficial owner of the 
Note or any Coupon, or a portion of either, or that is a fiduciary or partnership, but only 
to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner 
or member of the partnership would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional 
amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its 
beneficial or distributive share of the payment. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due 
but, in the case of Bearer Notes, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that 
effect shall have been duly given to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If the Issuer becomes resident for tax purposes in any taxing jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom, references in this Condition 6 (Taxation) to the United Kingdom shall be construed as 
references to the United Kingdom and/or such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest or both in respect of the relevant Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 6 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the principal amount payable on the relevant Notes on the Maturity Date;

--- Page 398 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 386 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iii) 
the principal amount payable on redemption of the relevant Notes prior to such Maturity 
Date; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold 
or deduct any amounts permitted or required by the rules of IRC Section 871(m) or IRC 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("U.S. Permitted Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any U.S. Permitted Withholding deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other than an agent of 
the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of U.S. Permitted Withholding. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made against presentation (save in the case of partial payment, 
surrender of the relevant Note or, in the case of payments of interest, surrender of the 
relevant Coupon at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(subject to the next paragraph). No payments on Bearer Notes will be made by mail to an 
address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained by the Holder in the 
United States. 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes and exchanges of Talons 
for Coupon sheets will not be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the 
United States or its possessions (as defined in the IRC and Regulations thereunder) unless 
(a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such Notes when due or, as the 
case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United 
States law, in which case the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York City. 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Note is not both a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day and, if such Bearer Note is a Definitive Note or if the Final 
Terms so specify, a local banking day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to 
payment thereof until the next day which is such a day and no further payment on account 
of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is 
a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions). 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note other than a Fixed Rate Note, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating to such Definitive Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
Definitive Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes should be presented for payment with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, failing which the face value of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that portion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total amount of principal due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) for the payment of such principal, whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due.

--- Page 399 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 387 - 
70-41030487 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if any Definitive Notes should be issued with a Maturity Date 
and an interest rate or rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any such 
Definitive Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith, the amount required to be deducted would be greater than the amount otherwise 
due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption, such unmatured Coupons 
(whether or not attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that the amount required to be deducted would not be 
greater than the amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing 
sentence requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Note 
to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to 
Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
Upon any Definitive Notes becoming due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after 
the due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (save as provided 
above) in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). Each Talon shall, for the purpose 
of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for the payment of interest on 
which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
If (otherwise than by reason of the application of the above) the due date for redemption 
of any Bearer Note is not the due date for the payment of a Coupon appertaining thereto, 
interest accrued in respect of such Note from and including the last preceding due date for 
the payment of a Coupon (or from the Issue Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be) will be paid only against surrender of such Bearer Note and all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Payment of the amount due on final redemption in respect of Registered Notes will be 
made against presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of any such amount, 
surrender of the relevant certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or of the 
Transfer Agent. If the due date for payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other 
redemption amount, as the case may be, of any Registered Note is not both a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day and, if such Registered Note is not in global form or if the Final 
Terms so specify, a local banking day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to 
payment thereof until the next day which is such a day and no further payment on account 
of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is 
a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions). 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than on final 
redemption) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the 
case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the Register at the close of business 
(local time in the place of the specified office of the Registrar) on the fifteenth day prior 
to the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
Payment will be made in the currency in which such amount is due either by cheque posted 
to the Noteholder's registered address (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) not 
later than the relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the 
Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) has applied to the 
Registrar or to the Transfer Agent and the Registrar or, as the case may be, the Transfer 
Agent has acknowledged such application for payment to be made to a designated account

--- Page 400 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 388 - 
70-41030487 
 
denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency, in each case as specified in Condition 
7(d) (Payments – General Provisions). 
(c) 
Uncertificated Registered Notes 
The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid when due payments of principal and interest (if 
any) in respect of Uncertificated Registered Notes to the relevant Noteholder's cash 
memorandum account (as shown in the records of the Operator), such payment to be made 
in accordance with the rules of the Operator. Each of the persons shown in the Operator 
register of corporate securities as holder of a particular principal amount of Uncertificated 
Registered Notes must look solely to the settlement bank or institution at which its cash 
memorandum account is held for its share of each such payment so made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
(d) 
General Provisions 
The following provisions apply to both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes (and do not 
apply to Uncertificated Registered Notes). Subject to Condition 7(e) (Payments – Payment 
of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent), payments of amounts due (whether 
principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes will be made in the relevant Settlement 
Currency either by cheque or, at the option of the payee, by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Settlement Currency specified by the payee other than, for payments in respect 
of Bearer Notes, any such account in the United States. 
Payments and deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation). 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer reserves the right to require 
any person receiving payment of principal or, as the case may be, payment of interest with 
respect to any Note or Coupon to provide a Paying Agent with such certification or 
information as may be required to enable the Issuer or any parent or holding company of 
the Issuer or any subsidiary of any such parent or holding company to comply with the 
requirements of the U.S. Federal Income Tax laws or such other laws as the Issuer or any 
such parent or holding company or subsidiary thereof may be required to comply with. 
(e) 
Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent 
If: 
(i) 
"Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, or is applicable in accordance with the proviso to 
Condition 7(f)(Y); or 
(ii) 
a Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then, if by reason of a FX Disruption Event or a Clearing System Currency Eligibility 
Event, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of the Notes when due in the 
Settlement Currency, the Issuer may, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars or any other 
currency specified as the Alternative Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms on the 
due date at the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent of any such amount due. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 7(e) (Payments – Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent) by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. By acceptance thereof, purchasers 
of the Notes will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed and to have waived any 
and all actual or potential conflicts of interest that may arise as a result of the calculation 
of the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 401 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 389 - 
70-41030487 
 
(f) 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption 
(X) 
If "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then, if on any day on which the Calculation Agent is required to 
determine a Relevant Rate (a "Scheduled FX Fixing Date"): 
(A) 
a Price Source Disruption occurs, (other than as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday), the Calculation Agent shall: 
(1) 
determine the Relevant Rate by reference to the rate of exchange 
published by available recognised financial information vendors 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) on the Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date (the "Fallback Reference Price"); or 
(2) 
unless the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable, in 
the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
Fallback Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) 
above or the Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback 
Reference Price so determined does not accurately represent the 
rate which the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer 
would be able to obtain in the general foreign exchange market, 
the Calculation Agent will request four Reference Dealers to 
provide a quotation of their rate for the Relevant Rate as of the 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date. If at least two quotations are 
provided, the Relevant Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if (i) the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable and 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a Fallback 
Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) above or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback Reference Price 
so determined does not accurately represent the rate which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer would be able to 
obtain in the general foreign exchange market; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Rate determined 
in accordance with paragraph (2) above does not accurately 
represent the rate which the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer would be able to obtain in the general foreign 
exchange market; or (iii) fewer than 2 quotations are provided 
by Reference Dealers following the Calculation Agent's request 
pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Rate on the first succeeding Business 
Day on which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist; 
provided, however, that if the Price Source Disruption 
continues for thirty consecutive calendar days (or such other 
number of calendar days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (the "FX Cut-
off Date"), the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the Relevant Rate on that FX Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
an Unscheduled Holiday occurs (whether or not a Price Source 
Disruption also occurs), the Scheduled FX Fixing Date for such Relevant 
Rate and all other Relevant Rates which have the same Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date shall be postponed to the first succeeding Relevant Currency 
Business Day; provided, however that in the event that the Scheduled 
FX Fixing Date is postponed as a result of the occurrence of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (a "Postponed FX Fixing Day"), and if the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day has not occurred on or before the thirtieth 
consecutive calendar day (or such other number of calendar days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing 
Date (any such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after

--- Page 402 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 390 - 
70-41030487 
 
the Deferral Period that is or would have been a Relevant Currency 
Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day and the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the Relevant Rate on that Postponed FX Fixing Day. 
(Y) 
If at any time, a FX Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may elect to either: 
(A) 
unless Redemption following FX Disruption Event is specified as being 
not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, having given not less than five 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (and, if the FX Disruption Event occurs on a 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date on which there is a Price Source Disruption 
or Unscheduled Holiday, and the Early Redemption Amount is specified 
as being Fair Market Value in the relevant Final Terms, for the purposes 
of determining such Fair Market Value the Calculation Agent shall first 
determine any Relevant Rate (A) in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(X)(A) or (X)(B) above, as applicable, of this Condition (f) (Payments – 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) if "Price Source Disruption" 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or, otherwise (B) in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) on the date notified 
to the Noteholders; or 
(B) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
Conditions as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or 
account for the FX Disruption Event with a view to produce a 
commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the 
Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to the 
relevant FX Disruption Event, 
provided, however that in relation to sub-paragraphs (Y)(A) and (Y)(A) above, if as a 
result of the FX Disruption Event the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of 
the Notes when due in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer may settle any such payment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition (e) (Payments – Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent). 
If a Scheduled FX Fixing Date is postponed in accordance with this Condition (f) 
(Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), any Related Payment Date will 
also be postponed, if needed, such that the Related Payment Date shall fall at least three 
(3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, 
the FX Cut-off Date or Postponed FX Fixing Day, as applicable. 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
General 
Where redenomination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and in 
respect of Notes denominated in a National Currency Unit, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, upon giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), designate a Redenomination Date. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
each Note shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law) be deemed to be redenominated into such amount of euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the 
principal amount of that Note in the Settlement Currency, converted into euro at 
the rate for the conversion of the relevant Settlement Currency into euro

--- Page 403 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 391 - 
70-41030487 
 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty 
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with EC 
regulations); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of internationally offered 
securities is different from that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Noteholders, each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that will be required so as 
to comply with such market practice and such changes shall be deemed to be 
effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which such notice is 
given to the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
if Notes are in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency 
(whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void on the Euro 
Exchange Date and no payments will be made in respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the 
Settlement Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but 
all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to 
exchange such Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(a)(ii) 
(Redenomination – General) shall remain in full force and effect; and 
(C) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange 
for Notes and Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency 
in such manner as the Issuer may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in the Euro Exchange Notice; 
(iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date 
is on or after such date as the relevant Settlement Currency ceases to be a 
sub-division of the euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro, as though 
references in the Notes to the Settlement Currency were to euro. Such payments 
will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of any member state of the European Union; and 
(iv) 
such other changes will be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide to 
conform such Notes to conventions then applicable to Notes denominated in euro. 
Any such other changes will not take effect until after it has been notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit 
or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(b) 
Interest 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Redenomination – 
General): 
(i) 
where Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are 
presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(ii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable annually, any interest 
required to be calculated for a period of less than one year in respect of the Notes 
shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by

--- Page 404 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 392 - 
70-41030487 
 
365 (or, if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number 
of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the number of those 
days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); provided, however, that if the 
Issuer determines that the market practice in respect of internationally offered 
euro denominated securities is different from that specified above, then the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that will be 
required so as to comply with such market practice and such changes shall be 
deemed to be effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which 
such notice is given to the Noteholders; 
(iii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable quarterly or 
semi-annually, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on any 
Interest Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
principal amount of such Note, dividing the product by four or two (as the case 
may be) and rounding the figure down to the nearest euro 0.01. If interest is 
required to be calculated for any other period, it shall be calculated on the basis 
of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed 
fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number of those days falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (b) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that the market practice 
in respect of internationally offered euro denominated securities is different from 
that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
Paying Agents of the changes that will be required so as to comply with such 
market practice and such changes shall be deemed to be effective on the date 
which is 5 days following the date on which such notice is given to the 
Noteholders; 
(iv) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Amount payable in respect of the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the principal amount of such Note during the Interest 
Period, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in such Interest 
Period divided by 360 and rounding the resulting figure down to the nearest euro 
0.01; and 
(v) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for any subsequent Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of provisions 
which it determines reflects the market practice in respect of internationally 
offered euro denominated securities. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing in relation to a Series of Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to remedy a default in the repayment of any principal due on the Notes of 
such Series or any of them or in the payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes of 
such Series or any of them, in each case within 14 days of notice of such default having 
been given to the Principal Paying Agent or other Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) by any Noteholder in accordance with Condition 12(b) (Notices from 
Noteholders), provided that it shall not be such a default to withhold or refuse any such 
payment (1) in order to comply with any fiscal or other law or regulation or with the order 
of any court of competent jurisdiction, in each case applicable to such payment or (2) in 
cases of doubt as to the validity or applicability of any such law, regulation or order, in 
accordance with advice given at any time during the said period of 14 days by independent 
legal advisers acceptable to the Principal Paying Agent as to such validity or applicability; 
or

--- Page 405 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 393 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer in 
England (otherwise than in connection with a scheme of reconstruction or amalgamation 
the terms of which shall previously have been approved in writing by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Holders of the relevant Series of Notes), 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, effective upon the date of receipt thereof 
by the Issuer (such date the "Early Redemption Date"), declare the Note held by the Holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with interest accrued 
and unpaid until the date of its redemption, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice 
of any kind. 
10. 
Prescription 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years and 
five years, respectively, from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect 
thereof. Any monies paid by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the 
principal or interest in respect of any Notes or Coupons and remaining unclaimed when such Notes 
or Coupons become void will then revert to the Issuer and all liability of the Principal Paying Agent 
with respect thereto will thereupon cease. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 (Prescription) 
or Condition 7 (Payments). 
11. 
Replacement, Exchange and Transfer 
Should any Note or Coupon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office (in the case of a Bearer Note or Coupon) of the Issue Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
and the relevant Final Terms, a Registered Note may be exchanged for a Registered Note or Notes 
of equal aggregate principal amount in such different authorised denominations as may be 
requested by the Noteholder by surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, together with a written request for the exchange. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Note, in definitive form, may be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that 
such part is, or is an appropriate multiple of, the minimum denomination set out in the Final Terms) 
by the Holder or Holders surrendering the Registered Note for registration of transfer at the 
specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a 
written instrument to transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, duly executed by the Holder or Holders thereof or his or their attorney duly authorised in 
writing. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be 
issued to the transferor. 
If so set out in the relevant Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Notes may exchange the same for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer 
Note for a Registered Note, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Note at the specified 
office outside the United States of the Principal Paying Agent or of the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Note so surrendered must be 
accompanied by all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of 
the next payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined below) where the 
exchange date would, but for the provisions of this paragraph, occur between the Record Date (as

--- Page 406 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 394 - 
70-41030487 
 
defined in Condition 7(b) (Payments – Registered Notes)) for such payment of interest and the date 
on which such payment of interest fall due. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Note or the exchange of 
a Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within three Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date 
or, as the case may be, the exchange date be available for delivery at the specified office of the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent, or, at the option of the Holder requesting such exchange or transfer 
be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as 
may be specified by such Holder. 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to the 
foregoing provisions, except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail or insurance 
charges that may be imposed in relation hereto, shall be borne by the Issuer. 
The Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, shall not be required to register the transfer 
or exchange of Registered Notes for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any payment 
of principal or interest in respect of such Notes. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to Noteholders 
All notices to the Holders of Notes or the Coupons appertaining thereto will be valid: (i) 
if published, in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons, in one leading daily newspaper 
with circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe); (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, if mailed to their 
registered addresses (as advised by the Registrar) or to that of the first named of them in 
the case of joint Holders; provided that, in each case, in the case of Notes admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation have been 
complied with; and (iii) in the case of Uncertificated Registered Notes, if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders at their respective 
addresses appearing in the Record and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Uncertificated Registered Notes are 
listed by or on a competent authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent 
authority or stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the places or places required by that competent authority or stock 
exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or delivery or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Holders of any Coupons appertaining to Bearer Notes will be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of such Bearer Notes in 
accordance herewith. 
(b) 
Notices from Noteholders 
Notices given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with relevant Note or Notes (if applicable), with the Principal Paying Agent or 
other Paying Agent or with the Registrar (as the case may be) at its specified office. 
13. 
Paying Agents, Calculation Agents, Issue Agents, Transfer Agents and Registrars 
(a) 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial 
Calculation Agents, the initial Issue Agent, the initial Transfer Agent, the initial Registrar 
and their respective initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent, Issue Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar and/or approve any change

--- Page 407 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 395 - 
70-41030487 
 
in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Issue Agent, 
Transfer Agent or Registrar acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as any Bearer Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal 
Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
so long as any Registered Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a 
Registrar and a Transfer Agent. 
(b) 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 7(a) 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of an insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after notice has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(c) 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Conditions for the purposes of the Notes (including any determinations by the Calculation 
Agent as to the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes) shall be made in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and in 
exercising any discretion to amend or adjust the Conditions, the Calculation Agent will 
exercise such discretion with a view to replicating as closely as possible the economic 
position that existed prior to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the exercise of such 
discretion. 
(d) 
The Agents and the Calculation Agent shall not act as agents for the Noteholders but shall 
be the agents of the Issuer. All calculation functions required of the Calculation Agent 
under these Conditions may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation Agent, in 
its absolute discretion, may decide. 
13A 
Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
(a) 
This Condition 13A shall apply except that where Condition 4B(e) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) is 
applicable and "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 13A shall not apply in relation to SOFR as the Reference Rate. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark 
Trigger Event has occurred in relation to a Relevant Benchmark relating to a Series of 
Notes, then: 
(i) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
unless the Issuer determines that replacing the Relevant Benchmark with 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Index would not produce a commercially 
reasonable result, references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be 
deemed to be replaced with references to the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index with effect from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; 
and 
(B) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions as it 
determines are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of 
referencing the Alternative Pre-nominated Index in place of such 
Relevant Benchmark including, without limitation, to any variable, 
margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms 
or any other terms of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has not been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms or the Issuer determines that 
replacing the Relevant Benchmark with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
would not produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer shall do any of 
the following:

--- Page 408 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 396 - 
70-41030487 
 
(A) 
determine that references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed 
to be replaced by references to such index, benchmark or price source as 
the Issuer determines would have the effect of placing the Issuer in an 
economically equivalent position to that which it would have been in had 
the Benchmark Trigger Event not occurred (the "Replacement Index") 
(and in making such determination the Issuer shall be entitled to take into 
account such facts and circumstances as it considers relevant including, 
without limitation, (i) any index, benchmark or other price source which 
measures the same market or economic reality as the Relevant 
Benchmark and which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark or (ii) any index, benchmark or other price source which is 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, in each case to replace the Relevant Benchmark), in 
which case: 
(1) 
references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be 
replaced with references to such Replacement Index with effect 
from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions 
as it determines are necessary to account for the effect on the 
Notes of referencing the Replacement Index in place of such 
Relevant Benchmark including, without limitation, to any 
variable, margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Notes; or 
(B) 
follow the steps for determining the relevant rate or level set out in the 
Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions (if any); or 
(C) 
determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the date selected by the Issuer and give notice of 
such redemption to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices); 
provided, however, that if (A)(1) it is or would be unlawful at any time under applicable 
law or regulation or (2) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each 
case, for any of the above provisions or determinations to apply to the Notes, then such 
provision shall not apply and the Issuer shall not make such determination (as the case 
may be) and the Issuer shall instead take any of the above actions that complies with the 
applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements and (B) the Issuer will, 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition, make any determination and 
exercise any discretion as to whether the Alternative Pre-Nominated Index is to be used 
following such Benchmark Trigger Event or which Replacement Index is to be used, and 
which adjustments are to be made to the Conditions following such replacement, in such 
manner as to put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic position 
as prior to the occurrence of the Benchmark Trigger Event, in each case without prejudice 
to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(c) 
In making any determination under this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), the Issuer shall take account of such facts and circumstances as it considers 
relevant, including, without limitation, prevailing market practice; provided, however, 
that, it shall not take account of any such determinations made in respect of such hedging 
arrangements and/or the Issuer's funding costs. 
(d) 
If the Issuer is not able to determine the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) on any 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, then the Relevant Benchmark Determination 
Date shall be postponed to such date as it is able to make such determination and any 
Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that

--- Page 409 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 397 - 
70-41030487 
 
the Related Payment Date shall fall at least three (3) local banking days (or such other 
number of days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date. 
(e) 
No further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any 
payment postponed pursuant to this Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest payable in respect of the 
Notes on a Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date which is so postponed shall be 
calculated as if such Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date had not been postponed 
pursuant to this Condition 13A) (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) unless, in 
the case of a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 4A (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or 4B (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any replacement for a Relevant 
Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(A) or (b)(ii)(A) above give notice thereof and of 
any changes pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii)(A)(2) (as applicable) to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices)). 
(g) 
Without prejudice to Condition 17(b) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Modification), if the 
definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, or other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, is changed, then references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be to such Relevant 
Benchmark as so changed. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Master Note Issuance Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Holders of the Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Master Note 
Issuance Agreement) of a modification of the Notes or any of the provisions of the Master 
Note Issuance Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or by Holders 
of the Notes of any Series holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders of the Notes of 
any Series whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of 
the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority, in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Holders of the Notes of any Series shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. Any modification of the Notes 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter.

--- Page 410 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 398 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Modification 
Subject in the case of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Master Note 
Issuance Agreement (as applicable) to the agreement of the other parties thereto the Issuer 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Master Note Issuance Agreement or the Conditions which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders as a whole; 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
or the Master Note Issuance Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
any modification of the Notes which is made to correct an inconsistency between 
the final terms and conditions of the Note issue (comprising these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms) and the relevant termsheet relating to the 
Notes. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Issuer may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to the substitution of a 
subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer or any subsidiary of any such holding 
company (the "New Issuer") in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes of 
any Series and the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any), provided that such Notes and 
the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any) are irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer. In the 
event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
construed as a reference to the New Issuer. Any such substitution shall be promptly 
notified to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). In 
connection with such right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Noteholders resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no Noteholder shall be entitled 
to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such substitution upon such Noteholder. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series or Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any) to create and issue further notes 
ranking equally in all respects with the Notes of such Series so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes for the time being outstanding. 
16. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), "Limit 
Valuation Date" shall mean, if any Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation 
Date in respect of a Note is a Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days following such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
If any Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, the Valuation 
Date or Observation Date (as applicable) shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, provided that the Valuation Date or

--- Page 411 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 399 - 
70-41030487 
 
Observation Date (as applicable) shall not fall after the Limit Valuation Date. In 
that case: 
(1) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Note, the Limit Valuation Date will be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable), 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date determined in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation 
Date of each security or other property comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, its good 
faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property as of 
the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(2) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Note, the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable), 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value of 
the relevant Security as of the Valuation Time on that Limit Valuation 
Date; 
(B) 
in the case of a Note which relates to an Index Basket, the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) for each Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation 
Date (as applicable) and the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) 
for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Index, unless each of the succeeding Scheduled Trading Days (up to and 
including the Limit Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Index. In that case, the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to 
be the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for the relevant Index 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Index, as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Limit Valuation Date of each security or other property comprised 
in the relevant Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, 
its estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(C) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a Securities Basket, the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date (as applicable) for each Security not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled 
Observation Date (as applicable), and the Valuation Date or Observation Date (as 
applicable) for each Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Security, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days (up to and including 
the Limit Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
or Scheduled Observation Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Security. In that case, (1) the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date or Observation Date (as applicable) for the relevant Security, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its estimate of the value for that Security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Limit Valuation Date.

--- Page 412 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 400 - 
70-41030487 
 
(c) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, then notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Conditions, the following provisions will apply to the valuation 
of the relevant Index or Security: 
(A) 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, if the consequence specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to "Averaging Date Market Disruption" 
with respect to the relevant Averaging Date is: 
(1) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a 
relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant Final 
Security Price, Final Index Level, Final Redemption Amount, Coupon 
Trigger Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging 
Date would occur with respect to the relevant Index, then Condition 16(b) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant level or relevant value (as applicable), price or 
amount on the final Averaging Date as if such final Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day. If any Averaging Dates occur 
after the relevant Valuation Date as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the relevant amount due under 
the relevant Note or (ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or a 
Potential Adjustment Event, shall be determined by reference to the last 
such Averaging Date as though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 
16(d) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant 
Valuation Date had been postponed to such last Averaging Date in 
accordance with this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(2) 
"Postponement", then Condition 16(b) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level or 
relevant value (as applicable), price or amount on that Averaging Date as 
if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day 
irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the relevant Notes. If any Averaging Dates occur 
after the relevant Valuation Date as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the relevant amount due under 
the relevant Note or (ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or a 
Potential Adjustment Event shall be determined by reference to the last 
such Averaging Date as though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 
16(d) (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant 
Valuation Date had been postponed to such last Averaging Date in 
accordance with this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); or 
(3) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(aa) 
in the case of a Note which relates to a single Index or Security, 
such Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the 
Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date immediately 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date in relation to the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then the Limit Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether 
that Limit Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and 
(i) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
16(b)(A)(1) (Consequences of Disrupted Days); and

--- Page 413 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 401 - 
70-41030487 
 
(ii) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
16(b)(A)(2); and 
(bb) 
in the case of a Note which relates to an Index Basket and/or a 
Securities Basket, the Averaging Date for each Index or Security 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date and the Averaging Date for an Index 
or Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Security. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Index or Security has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Limit Valuation Date immediately following the Scheduled 
Final Averaging Date, then the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
Limit Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 16(b)(B) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days); and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 16(b)(C) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days). 
If any Averaging Dates occur after the relevant Valuation Date as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the 
relevant redemption amount due under the relevant Note or (ii) the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or Potential Adjustment Event 
shall be determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as 
though it were a Valuation Date and Condition 16(d) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) shall apply as if the relevant Valuation Date had been 
postponed to such last Averaging Date in accordance with this Condition 
16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days). 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(c)(A)(3) only, "Limit Valuation 
Date" shall mean, if any Averaging Date in respect of a Note is a 
Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
If a Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation Date is postponed (x) in 
accordance with this Condition 16 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) and/or (y) as a result 
of it not being a Scheduled Trading Day, any Disrupted Day Related Payment Date will 
also be postponed, if needed, such that the Disrupted Day Related Payment Date shall fall 
at least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may 
be specified in the Final Terms) following the later of (i) the postponed Valuation Date or 
postponed Observation Date or, if later, the Limit Valuation Date, as applicable and (ii) 
the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, the FX Cut-off Date or Postponed 
FX Fixing Day, as applicable (if any). In respect of a Note which relates to an Index Basket 
and/or a Securities Basket, the postponed Valuation Date or postponed Observation Date 
or Limit Valuation Date referred to in this paragraph (d) will be deemed to be, in respect 
of a Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation Date, the latest postponed 
Valuation Date or postponed Observation Date or Limit Valuation Date, as applicable, 
occurring in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Final Observation 
Date.

--- Page 414 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 402 - 
70-41030487 
 
Unless Interest Adjustment is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any 
payment postponed pursuant to this Condition 16(d) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any interest payable in respect of the Notes on a Disrupted Day Related Payment Date 
which is so postponed shall be calculated as if such Disrupted Day Related Payment Date 
had not been postponed pursuant to this Condition 16(d)) unless, in the case of a Fixed 
Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 
4A (Interest - Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 4B (Interest - Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
17. 
Adjustments to Indices 
This Condition 17 (Adjustments to Indices) is applicable only in relation to Index-Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and published by a successor to the Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Index Modification 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, a relevant Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such Index 
Modification has a material effect on the Notes, and if so, shall make such adjustment(s) 
(if any) as it determines appropriate to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification with a view to produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the 
Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to the 
relevant Index Modification, and determine the effective date of any such modification or 
adjustment. 
(c) 
Index Cancellation 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date (A) the Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index, (B) the Index Sponsor announces 
that it suspends the calculation and publication of the level of a relevant Index, or (C) the 
Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (each, an 
"Index Cancellation"), then: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall as soon as is reasonably practicable after determining the same 
give notice (an "Index Cancellation Notice") of such Index Cancellation to the 
Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices); 
(B) 
if "Index Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine whether or not and the date as of which the Index is to be substituted 
with a Substitute Index and, if it so determines, it shall give an Index Substitution 
Notice to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) and, with effect from the date so determined, the 
Substitute Index shall be deemed to be the Index; and 
(C) 
if no Substitute Index has been identified within 10 Business Days of the giving 
of such Index Cancellation Notice or if Index Substitution has not been specified

--- Page 415 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 403 - 
70-41030487 
 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue 
and: 
(1) 
if it determines that the Notes shall continue, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Specified Level or Closing Level required to be 
determined with respect to such Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Averaging Date using, in lieu of a published level of that Index, the 
Specified Level or Closing Level required to be determined with respect 
to such Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the Index 
Cancellation, but using only those components that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Cancellation; and 
(2) 
if it determines that continuation of the Notes is impossible or would 
result in a significant alteration to the economic balance of the Notes 
compared to that which existed at the Issue Date, the Issuer shall 
terminate the relevant Notes as of the date selected by the Issuer and give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), specifying the Early 
Redemption Amount and early redemption date, and the entitlements of 
the relevant Noteholders to receive the Final Redemption Amount (or 
any other payment to be made by the Issuer, as the case may be) shall 
cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the 
Notes. 
(d) 
Correction of Index Levels 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor at any time and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent for any calculation or determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor after the 
original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment as it determines to 
be appropriate, if any, to the settlement or payment terms of the Notes to account for such 
correction. 
18. 
Adjustments and Events affecting Securities 
This Condition 18 is applicable only in relation to Equity-Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
If Potential Adjustment Events is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether or not at any time a Potential Adjustment 
Event has occurred and where it determines such an event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities and, if so, will make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the relevant 
Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a 
Securities Basket and/or any other adjustment(s) and, in any case, any other variable 
relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
to be appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect with a view to produce 
a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in 
substantially the same economic position as prior to the relevant Potential Adjustment 
Event, and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s).

--- Page 416 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 404 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
If Extraordinary Events is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the 
following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Following the occurrence of any Extraordinary Event (other than a Delisting in 
respect of any Depositary Receipts), the Issuer will determine whether or not the 
relevant Notes shall continue and, if so, determine any adjustments to be made. If 
the Issuer determines that the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate with a view to 
produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the 
Noteholders in substantially the same economic position as prior to the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, if any, to the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount 
or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
Securities to which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a 
Securities Basket and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment 
terms of the relevant Notes and/or any other adjustment which change or 
adjustment shall be effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that continuation of the Notes is impossible or would 
result in a significant alteration to the economic balance of the Notes compared 
to that which existed at the Issue Date (in each case, after having taken into 
account any possible adjustment pursuant to paragraph (i) above), then the Notes 
shall be terminated as the date selected by the Calculation Agent and the 
entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption 
Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer) as the case may be, shall 
cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied in full 
upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes. 
(c) 
Conversion 
If Conversion is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of any Conversion, the Issuer will determine whether or not the Notes will 
continue and, if so, determine any adjustment(s) to be made. If the Issuer determines that 
the Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it 
determines to be appropriate with a view to producing a commercially reasonable result 
which will put the Issuer and the Noteholders in substantially the same economic position 
as prior to the Conversion, if any, to the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or 
any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Securities to 
which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a Securities Basket and, 
in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or 
any other adjustment and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). If the 
Issuer determines that continuation of the Notes is impossible or would result in a 
significant alteration to the economic balance of the Notes compared to that which existed 
at the Issue Date (in each case, after having taken into account any possible adjustment 
pursuant to this paragraph), then the Notes shall be terminated as of the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the 
relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer), as the case 
may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied 
in full upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Correction of Prices 
If Correction of Prices is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that any price published or announced on a given day and utilised or to be utilised for the 
purpose of any calculation or determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published or announced by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle 
after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) as it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to the amount payable in respect of the Notes and 
their terms to account for such correction and the Calculation Agent shall determine the

--- Page 417 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 405 - 
70-41030487 
 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s) provided that if any amount has been paid in an 
amount which exceeds the amount that would have been payable if the correction had been 
taken into account, no further amount in an amount at least equal to the excess is payable 
in respect of the Notes and the Calculation Agent determines that it is not practicable to 
make such an adjustment to account fully for such correction, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to reimbursement of the relevant excess payment (or, as the case may be, the proportion 
thereof not accounted for by an adjustment made by the Calculation Agent) by the relevant 
Noteholder, together with interest on that amount for the period from and including the 
day on which payment was originally made to (but excluding) the day of payment of 
reimbursement by the Noteholder (all as calculated by the Calculation Agent). Any such 
reimbursement shall be effected in such manner as the Issuer shall determine. 
19. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(i) 
Following the occurrence of any Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will determine 
whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue and, if so, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine any adjustments to be made with a view to produce a commercially reasonable 
result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic 
position as prior to the relevant Additional Disruption Event. If the Issuer determines that 
the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as 
it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount 
or any amount of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Securities to 
which each Note relates, the number of Securities comprised in a Securities Basket and, 
in any case, any other variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or 
any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date selected 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the continuation of the Notes is impossible or would result in 
a significant alteration to the economic balance of the Notes compared to that which 
existed at the Issue Date (in each case, after having taken into account any possible 
adjustment pursuant to paragraph (i) above), then the Notes shall be terminated as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to 
receive the relevant Redemption Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer), 
as the case may be, shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall 
be satisfied in full upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes. 
20. 
Adjustments where the Securities are Units in an ETF 
Where the Securities are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Units in an ETF, in the case 
of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date of any Extraordinary Event affecting 
the ETF or the value of the Units, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment as provided in 
Condition 18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 19 (Additional Disruption 
Events) or: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under Condition 
18 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 19 (Additional Disruption 
Events) would produce a commercially reasonable result: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify a new 
underlying asset with characteristics, investment objectives and policies similar 
to those in effect for the Affected Units immediately prior to the occurrence of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event and any substitution of the new underlying asset 
for the Affected Units shall be effected at such time and in such manner as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
if necessary, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms, including, but 
not limited to, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, investment 
strategy or liquidity relevant to the Units or the Notes,

--- Page 418 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 406 - 
70-41030487 
 
in each case with a view to produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the 
Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to the 
Extraordinary Event; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the continuation of the Notes is impossible or 
would result in a significant alteration to the economic balance of the Notes compared to 
that which existed at the Issue Date (in each case, after having taken into account any 
possible adjustment pursuant to paragraph (i) above), then the Notes shall be terminated 
as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion and the entitlements of 
the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption Amount and any accrued 
interest shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied 
in full upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes. 
In this Condition 20, "Affected Unit(s)" means each Unit subject to an applicable Extraordinary 
Event. 
21. 
Events relating to DR-Linked Notes 
In relation to DR-Linked Notes only, if a Delisting of the Securities occurs or the Depository 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) (or is at any time, whether or not announced 
by the Depository) terminated, then the Issuer will determine whether or not the Notes shall 
continue. If the Issuer determines that: 
(i) 
the Notes shall continue, it shall elect whether the Security shall thereafter be (x) the 
Replacement DRs or (y) the Underlying Security and the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any change to the notional number of Securities and/or the 
formula for the relevant Redemption Amount) to reflect such election, and which change 
or adjustment(s) shall be effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the continuation of the Notes is impossible or would result in a significant alteration to the 
economic balance of the Notes compared to that which existed at the Issue Date (in each 
case after having taken into account any possible adjustment pursuant to paragraph (i) 
above), then the Notes shall be terminated as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent 
and the entitlements of the relevant Noteholders to receive the relevant Redemption 
Amount (or any other payment to be made by the Issuer) as the case may be, shall cease 
and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment 
of the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes. 
22. 
Notes Linked to Units in an ETF – General 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Securities in relation to a Series of Notes are Units in 
an ETF, then these Conditions shall apply to the Notes as if references herein to "Underlying 
Company" were references to the "ETF" and as if references therein to "Security" were references 
to "Unit". 
23. 
Effects of European Economic and Monetary Union 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment 
(and determine the effective date of such adjustment) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
the formula for the relevant Redemption Amount or any amount of interest set out in the relevant 
Final Terms and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms of the 
relevant Notes. 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to make such conversions between amounts denominated in the National 
Currency Units and the euro, and the euro and the National Currency Units, in each case, in 
accordance with the conversion rates and rounding rules in Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97 as it 
determines to be appropriate.

--- Page 419 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.6 – Alternative Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
10231698288-v34 
- 407 - 
70-41030487 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for 
any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
24. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
25. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any Dispute regarding the 
existing, validity or redemption of the Notes or the consequence of their nullity).

--- Page 420 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 408 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.7 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES (GENERAL ENGLISH LAW 
CONDITIONS AND FRENCH LAW CONDITIONS) 
Set out below is the template of the "Final Terms", a document which will be filled out for each issue of 
Notes and which will complete the terms and conditions in respect of each such issue of Notes. 
Final Terms dated: [•] 
HSBC Bank plc 
(a company incorporated in England with registered number 14259; the liability of its members is 
limited) 
Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): MP6I5ZYZBEU3UXPYFY54 
[Further] Issue of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the existing Tranche[s] [•])] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes"/"Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] in the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 
in relation to the above Programme, together with each supplemental prospectus relating to the Programme 
published by the Issuer after 2 December 2022 but before the issue date or listing date of the Notes, 
whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate which together constitute a base prospectus 
("Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus. However, 
a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where either the 
Offer Period for the Notes, the Issue Date for the Notes or the date of admission to trading for the Notes 
is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus (so long as the updated Base Prospectus is approved 
and published before the expiry of this Base Prospectus): 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described 
herein.  
Up to and including the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date (as defined below), the Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 relating to Index-Linked Notes and Equity-Linked 
Notes issued under the above Programme, which together with each supplemental prospectus relating to 
the Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 2022 but before the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, 
the issue date or the listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate 
constitutes a base prospectus (the "2022 Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The 2022 Prospectus shall expire on 1 December 2023 (the "2022 Prospectus Expiry Date").  
Following the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the Final Terms must be read in conjunction with such base 
prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Equity-Linked Notes issued under the above Programme as 
is published by the Issuer in replacement of the 2022 Prospectus and each supplemental prospectus relating 
to the Programme as may be published by the Issuer after such publication but before the issue date or 
listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate (the "2023 Prospectus").  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set forth under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"/"Terms and

--- Page 421 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 409 - 
70-41030487 
 
Conditions of the French Law Notes"] in the 2022 Prospectus (the "Conditions"). The Conditions shall be 
incorporated by reference into the 2023 Prospectus. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to 
these Final Terms.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date: 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes"/"Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] in the Base Prospectus dated [ ] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 and are applicable to the Notes. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 together with each supplemental prospectus 
relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 2022 but before the issue date or listing 
date of the Notes to which the Final Terms relate, whichever is later, which together constitute a base 
prospectus ("Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. However, a summary of the 
issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business 
hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where either the 
Offer Period for the Notes, the Issue Date for the Notes or the date of admission to trading for the Notes 
is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus (so long as the updated Base Prospectus is approved 
and published before the expiry of this Base Prospectus): 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and (i) in relation to the period to and including the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 
2022 Prospectus, and (ii) from but excluding the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 2023 Prospectus. The 
2022 Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, 
London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20. The 2023 Prospectus shall be available for viewing from its date of 
publication during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20.] 
[EU PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) ("FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not

--- Page 422 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 410 - 
70-41030487 
 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
investors that qualify as private (retail) clients according to Article 4 para. 2 Swiss Financial Services Act 
("FinSA") and its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Federal Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"). 
Consequently, no key information document (or equivalent document) required by FinSA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any private 
(retail) client in, into or from Switzerland may be unlawful under FinSA.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018") the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes 
are capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as fined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
HSBC Bank plc 
2. 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] [The Notes issued under these Final Terms 
are to be consolidated and form a single series 
with [ ] (the "Original Issue") issued on [ ] 
[(ISIN)]:[ ].] 
3. 
(i) 
Settlement Currency: 
(ii) 
Governing Law: 
[ ] 
[English Law Notes] [French Law Notes] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount [of Notes 
admitted to trading]: 
 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[ ]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(i) 
Denomination(s): 
[ ] 
[In respect of French Law Notes, there should 
be one denomination only] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Nominal 
Amount Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 423 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 411 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] [or, if later, the [ ] Business Day following 
the [Final Valuation Date]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]. 
9. 
Interest basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ ]+/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Coupon Trigger Event is Applicable. See 
Paragraph 12 for further details.] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Recovery 
Event 
is 
Applicable. See Paragraph 12 for further 
details.] 
[Lock-in Coupon Event is Applicable. See 
Paragraph 12 for further details.] 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
10. 
Fixed Rate Note provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Condition [4C 
(Interest – Coupon Trigger Notes)][4D (Lock-
In Coupon Event)][4E (Coupon Trigger 
Recovery Event)] applies and "Relevant Rate – 
Fixed" is applicable with respect to such 
Notes]. 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. [per annum] [ ] payable in arrear on 
[each] [the first] [ ] Interest Payment Date 
[[and] [ ] per cent. [per annum] in arrear on [ ] 
[the last] Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in [each year] [ ] [adjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention] [not 
adjusted][Each [Coupon Trigger Payment 
Date][Lock-In Coupon Payment Date]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
11. 
Floating Rate Note provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [Condition [4C 
(Coupon Trigger Notes)][4D (Lock-In Coupon 
Trigger Notes)][4E (Coupon Trigger Recovery

--- Page 424 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 412 - 
70-41030487 
 
Event)] applies and "Relevant Rate – Floating" 
is applicable with respect to such Notes]. 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s):  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Each 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Payment 
Date][Lock-In Coupon Payment Date]] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Floating Rate Notes not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA 
(Condition 4B(c)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month] [BBR] [EURIBOR][LIBOR] 
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[ ] 
 
(3) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
(4) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not Applicable] 
 
(5) 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark Trigger Event): 
[3] [ ]  
 
(6) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[ ] 
 
(7) 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] 
 
(8) 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CHF] [EUR] [GBP] [USD] 
 
[(9) 
[ISDA Determination for 
Fall-back provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[[•]/as specified in the ISDA Definitions/the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
Not Applicable

--- Page 425 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 413 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
• 
Averaging: 
Not Applicable 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
Not Applicable 
 
• 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose of postponing Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date pursuant to Condition 
13A(c) (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event):  
[3] [ ] 
 
• 
Fewer 
than 
minimum 
number 
of 
Reference Banks quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Applicable Benchmark 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Any other terms relating to the ISDA 
Definitions: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
4B(d)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(2) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[•] / CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR / EUR-
EuroSTR 
/ 
EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded 
Index/ 
GBP-SONIA 
/ 
GBP-SONIA 
Compounded Index/ HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
 
 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR / 
EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index 
/ 
GBP-SONIA 
/ 
GBP-SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). These are the only options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions.) 
 
(3) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Reset Date: 
[[•] /as specified in the ISDA Definitions/ the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
(5) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback  
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 426 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 414 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not applicable] ] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout:[•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(6) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Look back 
 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(7) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index Method: 
Compounding Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not applicable] 
 
(8) 
Applicable Benchmark: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(9) 
Fixing Day: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(10) 
Fixing Time: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(11) 
Any other terms relating to 
the ISDA Definitions: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(12) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA 
(Condition 4B(e)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 427 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 415 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
(2) 
Relevant Screen Page 
[ ] [Not applicable] – This is only required if 
SONIA is the Reference Rate 
 
(3) 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates: 
[•] [[ ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest Period]] [The [second][ ] [Business 
Day][•] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date][Each Interest Payment Date, provided 
that in respect of the final Interest Period, the 
Interest Determination Date shall be the 
[second][ ] [Business Day][•] falling prior to 
Interest Payment Date ([not] taking into 
account any adjustment made pursuant to 
Condition 7 (Payments)) – use for Payment 
Delay only] 
 
(4) 
RFR Index Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(5) 
Determination Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate – include if RFR 
Index Determination is specified as applicable, 
or if this is the chosen determination method 
where RFR Index Determination is specified as 
not applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
(6) 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift – include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or if 
this is the chosen observation method where 
RFR Index Determination is specified as not 
applicable][Lag][Lock-Out][Payment Delay] 
 
(7) 
Y: 
[360 – likely to be specified for USD][365 -
likely to be specified for GBP][•] 
 
(8) 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift or Lag are 
applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(9) 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Reference Rate only 
 
(10) 
Effective Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than the 
final Interest Period, the date falling [two][•] 
[Business Days][•] following the Interest 
Payment Date, and in respect of the final 
Interest 
Period, 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the Notes. – 
include if Payment Delay is specified][Not 
Applicable]  
 
(11) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Margin: 
[[+/-] [ ] per cent. per [annum] [ ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 428 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 416 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[ ] per cent. [ ] per [ ] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[ ] per cent. [ ] per [ ] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Coupon Trigger Amount: 
[Digital Coupon][Relevant Rate – Fixed. The 
provisions of Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – 
Fixed) shall apply)][Relevant Rate – Floating. 
The provisions of Condition 4G (Relevant Rate 
– Floating) shall apply)] 
 
 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuatio
n 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Rate(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Level] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ 
][Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[ ] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable – Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
 
  
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
[Coupon 
Trigger

--- Page 429 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 417 - 
70-41030487 
 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect of Coupon Trigger Averaging 
Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention 
with 
respect to Coupon Trigger Payment 
Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Recovery Level] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(viii) 
Lock-In Coupon Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lock-In Coupon 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Level] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(ix) 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable – Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
 
 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(x) 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging is specified] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates]

--- Page 430 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 418 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(xi) 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect 
of 
Lock-In 
Coupon 
Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention 
with 
respect to Lock-In Coupon Payment 
Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
13. 
Method 
for 
determining 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Booster with Barrier Redemption] [Airbag 
with 
Barrier 
Redemption] 
[Barrier 
Redemption] 
[Digital 
with 
Barrier 
Redemption] [Digital Growth with Barrier 
Redemption] [Growth with Full Protection 
Redemption] [Growth with Partial Protection 
Redemption] [Digital with Partial Protection 
Redemption] [Buffer Redemption] [Booster 
with Buffer Redemption] [Digital with Buffer 
Redemption] [Digital Growth with Buffer 
Redemption][Step-Down Growth with Partial 
Protection Redemption] [In addition, Lock-In 
Redemption Event is applicable with respect to 
the Notes, and the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(Lock-In Redemption) shall apply.] 
14. 
Provisions relating to the calculation of the 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
 
 
(i) 
[Index]/[Index Basket]: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Each of the Indices specified in the table 
below:] 
 
 
Index 
1. [ ] 
 
 
 
[(each, 
an 
"Index" 
and 
together, 
the 
"Indices")]

--- Page 431 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 419 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
[Performance measure with respect 
to Index Basket:  
[Worst of Basket][Best of Basket][Average 
Basket]] 
 
(ii) 
[Security]/[Security Basket]: 
[The Security (the "Security") is: [[ ] (ISIN:[ 
])] / [Depository Receipts of [ ]] / [Units of an 
ETF, where the ETF is [name of ETF] and 
"Unit" means, in respect of the ETF, a share or 
notional unit of the ETF (as defined in the ETF 
Documents), the price of which is denominated 
in [ ]. [The Units represent undivided 
ownership interests in the portfolio of 
investments held by the ETF] [delete if not 
applicable].] 
[Each of the securities specified in the table 
below (each a "Security" and together the 
"Securities"): 
Security 
ISIN or Unit 
[ ]  [Depository 
Receipts of [ ]]  
[Units of [Name of 
ETF]] 
[ISIN] 
["Unit" 
means, in respect of 
the ETF, a share or 
notional unit of the 
ETF (as defined in 
the 
ETF 
Documents), 
the 
price of which is 
denominated in [ ]. 
[The Units represent 
undivided 
ownership interests 
in the portfolio of 
investments held by 
the ETF] [delete if 
not 
applicable], 
"Underlying Index" 
means [ ].] 
  
 
[Performance measure with respect 
to Security Basket:  
[Worst of Basket][Best of Basket][Average 
Basket]] 
 
(iii) 
[Weighting]: 
[Equally weighted basket][As per the table 
below][Not Applicable – [Worst][Best] of 
Basket applies] 
 [Index][Security] 
[Weighting] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Company(ies): 
 
[ ] [and with respect to the Underlying 
Securities [ ]] [The ETF]][As per the table 
below.]

--- Page 432 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 420 - 
70-41030487 
 
Security 
Underlying 
Company 
[ ] / [Unit of [Name 
of ETF]] 
[ ] / [Name of ETF] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Initial [Index Level][Security Price] 
[  ] [The Specified [Level][Price] with respect 
to the [Index][Security] determined with 
respect to the Strike Date][As per the table 
below.] 
[Index][Security] 
Initial 
[Index 
Level][Security 
Price] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
Strike Date: 
[  ] 
 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price] 
 
[Observation Dates: 
[ ][Not Applicable][Performance Observation 
Period applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Strike Observation Start Date: 
 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Strike Observation End Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Averaging 
Period 
applies][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Strike Averaging Start Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Strike Averaging End Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect of Strike Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Final [Index Level][Security Price] 
 
 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable – Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
Final Valuation Date: 
[ ] 
 
[Observation Dates: 
[ ][Not Applicable][Performance Observation 
Period applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Final Valuation Observation Start 
Date: 
 
[ ][Not Applicable]]

--- Page 433 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 421 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
[Final Valuation Observation End 
Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Averaging 
Period 
applies][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Final Valuation Averaging Start 
Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Final Valuation Averaging End 
Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect of Final Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
[Barrier: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
Barrier Event: 
[Inclusive][Non-Inclusive] 
 
Barrier Observation Method: 
[European][Bermudan][Daily] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Barrier Level] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Period 
Start 
Date] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Period 
End 
Date] 
[Barrier 
Level] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 [Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable – Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ]

--- Page 434 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 422 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
 
[Averaging Period applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Barrier 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Barrier 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect of Barrier Averaging Dates: 
 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
[Lock-In Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Trigger 
Level] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Percentage] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable – Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies][Not Applicable]

--- Page 435 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 423 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
Averaging Dates 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect of Lock-In Redemption 
Averaging Dates: 
 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Return Threshold: 
[ ] per cent. 
 
(x) 
Cap: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Unlimited][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Participation: 
[100] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[ ] per cent. 
 
(xiii) 
Conditional Protection Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Digital Return Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Protection Level Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Redemption Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum Return Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount (upon 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
illegality): 
(Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons) or 5(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption for 
Illegality) 
[[ ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] [Fair 
Market Value] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount following 
an Event of Default: 
(Condition 9 (Events of Default)) 
[[ ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] [Fair 
Market Value] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption 
following 
FX 
Disruption Event 
(Condition 7(f) (Y) of the English 
Law Conditions or Condition 7(e) 
(Y) of the French Law Conditions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 436 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 424 - 
70-41030487 
 
(Payments – Price Source Disruption 
and FX Disruption)) 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount following 
FX Disruption Event or Benchmark 
Trigger Event: 
(Condition 7(f) (Y) of the English 
Law Conditions or Condition 7(e) 
(Y) of the French Law Conditions 
(Payments – Price Source Disruption 
and 
FX 
Disruption) 
or 
13A 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event)) 
[[ ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] [Fair 
Market Value][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Auto
matic 
Early 
Redem
ption 
Valuati
on 
Date(s)
] 
[Auto
matic 
Early 
Rede
mptio
n 
Date(
s)] 
[Automati
c 
Early 
Redemptio
n Rate(s)] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Percentage
] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(i) 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable – Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates]

--- Page 437 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 425 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Autocall 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Autocall 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Averaging Date Market Disruption in 
respect of Autocall Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(v) 
Business Day 
Convention 
with 
respect 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
17. 
Taxation: 
(Condition 6 (Taxation)) 
[Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is 
applicable] [Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-
up) is not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
18. 
Form of Notes: 
(The following elections apply in respect of 
English Law Notes:) 
[Bearer 
Notes] 
[Registered 
Notes] 
[Uncertificated Registered Notes] 
(The following applies in respect of French 
Law Notes:) 
[Bearer Dematerialised Notes]  
19. 
[If issued in bearer form:] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(select Not Applicable and delete (i) to (v) 
below in case of French Law Notes) 
 
(i) 
Initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note: 
[Temporary] [Permanent] Global Note  
 
(ii) 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Permanent Global 
Note and/or Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] 
[No] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only in limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
(iii) 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable at the option of the 
Issuer in circumstances where the 
Issuer would suffer a material 
[Yes] [No. Paragraph (c) of the Permanent 
Global Note does not apply. The Issuer may not 
elect to exchange a Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
circumstances

--- Page 438 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 426 - 
70-41030487 
 
disadvantage following a change of 
law or regulation: 
described in paragraph (c) of the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
(iv) 
Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
20. 
Exchange Date for exchange of Temporary 
Global Note: 
[ ] [Not earlier than 40 days after the Issue 
Date] [Not Applicable (in case of French Law 
Notes)] 
21. 
[If issued in registered form (other than 
Uncertificated Registered Notes):] 
[Applicable; the Notes will initially be 
represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Note] [Not Applicable] 
(select Not Applicable and delete (i) below in 
case of French Law Notes) 
 
(i) 
Regulation S Global Registered Note 
exchangeable at the option of the 
Issuer in circumstances where the 
Issuer would suffer a material 
disadvantage following a change of 
law or regulation: 
[Yes] [No. Paragraph (d) of the Regulation S 
Global Registered Note does not apply. The 
Issuer may not elect to exchange a Regulation 
S Global Registered Note for Regulation S 
Definitive 
Registered 
Notes 
in 
the 
circumstances described in paragraph (d) of the 
Regulation S Global Registered Note]  
22. 
[Masse (Condition 13 of the French Law 
Conditions):] 
Condition 13 applies. (delete paragraph in case 
of English Law Notes) 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[•] (specify name and address) 
 
[(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[•] (specify name and address)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
[•] 
23. 
Payments: 
 
 
(i) 
Relevant Financial Centre Day: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cross Currency: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Cross Currency Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Fixing Page: 
[ ]

--- Page 439 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 427 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Fixing Time: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Fixing Date: 
[ ] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] [The 
relevant [jurisdictions/places] for the purposes 
of the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date are [ ]] 
 
• 
Offshore RMB Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [Singapore] [Taiwan] [ ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark Trigger Event): 
[3] [ ] 
 
(iv) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Cut-off Date: 
[ ] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] 
 
• 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing Related Payment 
Dates pursuant to Condition 
7(f) of the English Law 
Conditions or Condition 7(e) 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Conditions 
(Payments 
– 
Price Source Disruption and 
FX Disruption): 
[3] [ ] 
 
• 
Dealer Poll: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Unscheduled Holiday and 
Deferral Period: 
The number of Relevant Currency Business 
Days for the purpose of the definition of 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
in 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) is [ ] [and the number of calendar 
days for the purposes of the Deferral Period is 
[ ] [as per Condition 1 (Definitions)]] 
 
• 
Interest Adjustment 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
25. 
Further provisions relating to the underlying 
Ind[ex] [ices]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[ ] [As per the table below] 
 
(ii) 
Index Rules: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [As per the table below] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[ ] [As per the table below]

--- Page 440 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 428 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[ ] [All Exchanges] [As per the table below] 
 
(v) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [As per the table 
below] 
 
(vi) 
Multiple Exchange Index: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [As per the table 
below] 
Index 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index 
Index 
Sponsor 
Index Rules 
Exchanges 
Related 
Exchanges 
Multiple 
Exchange 
Index 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[ ]    [All 
Exchanges] 
[Applicabl
e] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply: [Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Index Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose of postponing Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date pursuant to Condition 
13A(c) (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3] [ ] 
26. 
Further Provisions relating to the underlying 
Securit[y][ies]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Exchange(s): 
[ ] [As per the table below] 
 
(ii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[ ] [All Exchanges] [As per the table below] 
 
Security 
Exchanges 
Related Exchanges 
 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
[ ]    [All Exchanges] 
 
 
(iii) 
Potential Adjustment Event: 
 
Condition 
[18(a) 
of 
the 
English 
Law 
Conditions]/[17(a) 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Conditions] is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Extraordinary Dividend (if 
other than as specified in the 
definition in Condition 1) 
[ ] 
 
• 
additional 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Event 
(for 
purposes of paragraph (viii) 
of the definition thereof) 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Event: 
Condition 
[18(b) 
of 
the 
English 
Law 
Conditions]/[17(b) 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Conditions] is [Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 441 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 429 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(v) 
Conversion: 
(for Notes relating to Government 
Bonds and debt securities only) 
Condition 
[18(c) 
of 
the 
English 
Law 
Conditions]/[17(c) 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Conditions] is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Correction of Prices: 
Condition 
[18(d) 
of 
the 
English 
Law 
Conditions]/[17(d) 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Conditions] is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption Event  
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply: [Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]] [Insolvency 
Filing] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Adjustment Provisions with respect to 
Scheduled Valuation Dates and Scheduled 
Observation Dates: 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Maximum 
Number of Disrupted Days: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [The definition in 
Condition 1 applies] 
 
• 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing Disrupted Day 
Related 
Payment 
Dates 
pursuant to Condition 16 of 
the English Law Conditions 
or Condition 15 of the 
French Law Conditions: 
[3] [ ] 
 
 
 
28. 
Valuation Time: 
[ ] [The definition in Condition 1 applies] 
29. 
Additional 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] [The Notes are 
[not] Section 871(m) Notes for the purpose of 
Section 871(m).] [The [Dividend Withholding] 
[Issuer Withholding] approach shall apply to 
the Notes. For further information, see 
"Taxation – Other Taxation Matters – Notes 
and Warrants – U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus. 
[The following dividend equivalent amounts 
are to be treated as being reinvested during the 
term of the Notes, less a withholding on such 
amounts at a rate of [ ] per cent. (as of the Issue 
Date), which shall be treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as having been withheld 
from payments due to the holders of the Notes: 
[ ]]. Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from the Issuer. Investors should 
submit any requests for additional information 
to the Issuer via their custodians.] [The Notes 
will not be Section 871(m) Notes if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any U.S. equity. Notes that reference 
a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. 
equity are subject to additional testing on a

--- Page 442 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 430 - 
70-41030487 
 
trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they 
are Section 871(m) Notes.] 
30. 
Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the 
Talons] 
and 
any 
non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons] will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, [English law / 
French law] 
 
CONFIRMED 
HSBC BANK plc 
 
By:  
Authorised Signatory 
 
Date: ...........................................................................

--- Page 443 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 431 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [will be] [has been] made to admit the 
Notes to listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin][and][the official list of the Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]. No assurance can be given as to whether or 
not, or when, such application will be granted.] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[The Original Issue was admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin on [ ].] 
[Application [will be] [has been] made for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin][and][the Electronic Bond 
Market, being the regulated market of the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT")]. No assurance can be 
given as to whether or not, or when, such application 
will be granted.] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
[RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated.] [The Notes [have been] 
[are expected on issue to be rated:]: 
 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[ ] 
 
 
Moody's Investors Service Limited: 
[ ] 
 
 
Fitch Ratings Limited: 
[ ] 
3. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use 
of proceeds: 
[The Notes are specified as being ["Green 
Bonds"]["Social Bonds"]["Sustainable Bonds"] and 
an amount of funding equivalent to the net proceeds 
from the sale of the Notes will be used as described 
in "Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable 
Bonds" in the Base Prospectus. The Applicable 
Framework 
is 
the 
[HSBC 
Green 
Bond 
Framework][SDG Bond Framework].]  
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[The Notes may be on-sold by the Dealer(s) to the Initial Authorised Offerors at a discount to 
the Issue Price of [up to] [•%]. Such discount (the "re-offer spread") will be retained by the 
Initial Authorised Offerors.] [Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s)[and][[S/s]ave for the 
re-offer spread retained by the Initial Authorised Offerors], no person involved in the issue of 
the Notes has, so far as the Issuer is aware, an interest material to the [issue/offer]. The 
Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 444 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 432 - 
70-41030487 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Information on past and future performance and volatility of the [BBR] [EURIBOR] [LIBOR] 
interest rates can be obtained from [Reuters] [ ].] 
7. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
 
Information on the past and future performance and volatility of the [Index] [Indices comprised 
in the Index Basket] [Securities] [Securities comprised in the Securities Basket] can be 
obtained free of charge from [the following display pages on [Bloomberg (source: Bloomberg 
Financial Markets Service)]] [the following website [•] [(Source: [•])]]. 
8. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE 
 
Information on past and future performance and volatility of the [ ] [Alternative Payment 
Currency Exchange Rate] can be obtained from [Reuters] [ ].] 
[DISTRIBUTION 
9. 
(i) 
If syndicated, name[s] and 
address[es] of Dealers [and 
underwriting 
commitments 
(including, where not all of the 
issue 
is 
underwritten, 
a 
statement of the portion not 
covered)]: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Indication 
of 
the 
overall 
amount of the underwriting 
commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [of 
the Tranche]] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[ ] 
11. 
TEFRA Rules applicable to Bearer 
Notes: 
[TEFRA C Rules] [TEFRA D Rules] [TEFRA Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Selling restrictions, United States of 
America: 
40-day 
Distribution 
Compliance 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Public Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Details of the Public Offer: 
A public offer of this Tranche of Notes may be made 
by the Dealers [and [ ] (address: [ ])] ([together with 
the Dealers,] the "Initial Authorised Offeror[s]") 
and any other Authorised Offerors published on the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-
income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20 in [Republic of 
Ireland] [Belgium] [France] [Italy] (the "Public 
Offer Jurisdiction") during the period from and 
including [ ] until but excluding [ ] (the "Offer 
Period").

--- Page 445 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 433 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(ii) 
Conditions attached to the 
consent to use the Prospectus: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
14. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] [The Notes are not 
Section 871(m) Notes for the purpose of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.]  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
17. 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Common Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Valoren Number: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
20. 
SEDOL: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Other identifier / code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear] [Clearstream, Luxembourg] [CREST] 
[Euroclear France] 
23. 
Central Depositary: 
[Euroclear France] [Not Applicable] 
(Select Euroclear France for French Law Notes) 
24. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment 
25. 
(i) 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent/Registrar/Issue 
Agent/Transfer Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [Names and addresses to be 
included if relevant agent is not HSBC Bank plc] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Common Depositary: 
[ ] [HSBC Bank plc] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] [HSBC Bank plc] [HSBC Continental Europe]  
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
28. 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [ ] 
29. 
Total amount of the issue/offer; if the 
amount is not fixed, description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing 
to the public the definitive amount of 
the offer: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
30. 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer 
will be open: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
31. 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 446 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 434 - 
70-41030487 
 
32. 
Description of the application process: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
33. 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
34. 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
35. 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering of the 
securities: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
36. 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
37. 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
38. 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
39. 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
40. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
41. 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
42. 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depositary agents in each country: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
43. 
Name and address if the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and 
offer rates and description of the main 
terms of their commitment: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
BENCHMARKS 
44. 
Details of benchmarks administrators 
and registration under EU Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [administrator legal name] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if

--- Page 447 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 435 - 
70-41030487 
 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 448 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.7 – Form of Final Terms for Notes (General English Law Conditions and French Law 
Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 436 - 
70-41030487 
 
ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS NOT REQUIRED BY THE SECURITIES NOTE RELATING TO 
THE UNDERLYING 
[The following [Index] [ETF] disclaimer is applicable [in respect of the [ ] [Index] [ETF], as agreed 
between the [Index Sponsor] [ ] and the Issuer]: [ ]].

--- Page 449 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 437 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION II.8 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES (ALTERNATIVE ENGLISH LAW 
CONDITIONS) 
Set out below is the template of the "Final Terms", a document which will be filled out for each issue of 
Notes and which will complete the terms and conditions in respect of each such issue of Notes. 
Final Terms dated: 
[•] 
HSBC Bank plc 
(a company incorporated in England with registered number 14259; the liability of its members is 
limited) 
Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): MP6I5ZYZBEU3UXPYFY54 
[Further] Issue of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the existing Tranche[s] [•])] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the Alternative Note 
Conditions"] in the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 in relation to the above Programme, together 
with each supplemental prospectus relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 
2022 but before the issue date or listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms 
relate which together constitute a base prospectus ("Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with such Prospectus. However, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to 
these Final Terms. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where either the 
Offer Period for the Notes, the Issue Date of the Notes or the date of admission to trading for the Notes 
is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus (so long as the updated Base Prospectus is approved 
and published before the expiry of this Base Prospectus): 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described 
herein.  
Up to and including the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date (as defined below), the Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 relating to Index-Linked Notes and Equity-Linked 
Notes issued under the above Programme, which together with each supplemental prospectus relating to 
the Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 2022 but before the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, 
the issue date or the listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate 
constitutes a base prospectus (the "2022 Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The 2022 Prospectus shall expire on 1 December 2023 (the "2022 Prospectus Expiry Date").  
Following the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the Final Terms must be read in conjunction with such base 
prospectus relating to Index-Linked Notes and Equity-Linked Notes issued under the above Programme as 
is published by the Issuer in replacement of the 2022 Prospectus and each supplemental prospectus relating 
to the Programme as may be published by the Issuer after such publication but before the issue date or 
listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate (the "2023 Prospectus").  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set forth under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Alternative English Law Notes" in the

--- Page 450 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 438 - 
70-41030487 
 
2022 Prospectus (the "Conditions"). The Conditions shall be incorporated by reference into the 2023 
Prospectus. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date: 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the Alternative Note 
Conditions"] in the Base Prospectus dated [ ] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 2 December 2022 and are applicable to the Notes. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation").and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 
2022 together with each supplemental prospectus relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 
2 December 2022 but before the issue date or listing date of the Notes to which the Final Terms relate, 
whichever is later, which together constitute a base prospectus ("Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. However, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business 
hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where either the 
Offer Period for the Notes, the Issue Date for the Notes or the date of admission to trading for the Notes 
is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus (so long as the updated Base Prospectus is approved 
and published before the expiry of this Base Prospectus): 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and (i) in relation to the period to and including the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 
2022 Prospectus, and (ii) from but excluding the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 2023 Prospectus. The 
2022 Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, 
London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20. The 2023 Prospectus shall be available for viewing from its date of 
publication during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20.] 
[EU PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) ("FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no

--- Page 451 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 439 - 
70-41030487 
 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
investors that qualify as private (retail) clients according to Article 4 para. 2 Swiss Financial Services Act 
("FinSA") and its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Federal Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"). 
Consequently, no key information document (or equivalent document) required by FinSA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any private 
(retail) client in, into or from Switzerland may be unlawful under FinSA.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018") the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes 
are capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as fined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
HSBC Bank plc 
2. 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] [The Notes issued under these Final Terms 
are to be consolidated and form a single series 
with [ ] (the "Original Issue") issued on [ ] 
[(ISIN)]:[ ].] 
3. 
(i) 
Settlement Currency: 
(ii) 
Governing Law: 
[ ] 
[English Law Notes]  
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount [of Notes 
admitted to trading]: 
 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[ ]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
5. 
Principal Protected Amount 
[Not applicable] [[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
7. 
(i) 
Denomination(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Nominal 
Amount Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 452 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 440 - 
70-41030487 
 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] [or, if later, the [ ] Business Day following 
the [Final Valuation Date]] [adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. 
10. 
Interest basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ ]+/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Coupon Trigger Event is Applicable. See 
Paragraph 13 for further details.] 
[Coupon Trigger Recovery Event is Applicable. 
See Paragraph 13 for further details.] 
[Lock-in Coupon Event is Applicable. See 
Paragraph 13 for further details.] 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Fixed Rate Note provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. [per annum] [ ] payable in arrear on 
[each] [the first] [ ] Interest Payment Date 
[[and] [ ] per cent. [per annum] in arrear on [ ] 
[the last] Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in [each year] [ ] [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] [not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
12. 
Floating Rate Note provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s):  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment]

--- Page 453 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 441 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(v) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Floating Rate Notes not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA 
(Condition 4B(c)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month] [BBR] [EURIBOR][LIBOR] 
 
(2) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[ ] 
 
(3) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
(4) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not Applicable] 
 
(5) 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark Trigger Event): 
[3] [ ]  
 
(6) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[ ] 
 
(6) 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] 
 
(7) 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CHF] [EUR] [GBP] [USD] 
 
[(8) 
ISDA Determination for 
Fall-back provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[[•]/as specified in the ISDA Definitions/the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
Not Applicable 
 
• 
Averaging: 
Not Applicable 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
Not Applicable 
 
• 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose of postponing Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date pursuant to Condition 
13A(c) (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event):  
[3] [ ] 
 
• 
Fewer 
than 
minimum 
number 
of 
Reference Banks quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Applicable Benchmark: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 454 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 442 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Any other terms relating to the ISDA 
Definitions: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
4B(d)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(2) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[•] / CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR / EUR-
EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index/ 
GBP-SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded 
Index/ HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-
SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR / 
EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index 
/ 
GBP-SONIA 
/ 
GBP-SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index (as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
These are the only options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions.) 
 
(3) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Reset Date: 
[[•] /as specified in the ISDA Definitions/ the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
(5) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback  
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not applicable] ] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout:[•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(6) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Look back 
 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 455 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 443 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(7) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index Method: 
Compounding Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(8) 
Applicable Benchmark: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(9) 
Fixing Day: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(10) 
Fixing Time: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(11) 
Any other terms relating to 
the ISDA Definitions: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
(12) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA 
(Condition 4B(e)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
(2) 
Relevant Screen Page 
[ ] [Not applicable] – This is only required if 
SONIA is the Reference Rate 
 
(3) 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates: 
[•] [[ ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest Period]] [The [second][ ] [Business 
Day][•] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date][Each Interest Payment Date, provided 
that in respect of the final Interest Period, the 
Interest Determination Date shall be the 
[second][ ] [Business Day][•] falling prior to 
Interest Payment Date ([not] taking into 
account any adjustment made pursuant to 
Condition 7 (Payments)) – use for Payment 
Delay only]

--- Page 456 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 444 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(4) 
RFR Index Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(5) 
Determination Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate – include if RFR 
Index Determination is specified as applicable, 
or if this is the chosen determination method 
where RFR Index Determination is specified as 
not applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
(6) 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift – include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or if 
this is the chosen observation method where 
RFR Index Determination is specified as not 
applicable][Lag][Lock-Out][Payment Delay] 
 
(7) 
Y: 
[360 – likely to be specified for USD][365 -
likely to be specified for GBP][•] 
 
(8) 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift or Lag are 
applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(9) 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
– May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Reference Rate only 
 
(10) 
Effective Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than the 
final Interest Period, the date falling [two][•] 
[Business Days][•] following the Interest 
Payment Date, and in respect of the final 
Interest 
Period, 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the Notes. – 
include if Payment Delay is specified][Not 
Applicable]  
 
(11) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
details] [Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin: 
[[+/-] [ ] per cent. per [annum] [ ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[ ] per cent. [ ] per [ ] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[ ] per cent. [ ] per [ ] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 457 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 445 - 
70-41030487 
 
13. 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Coupon Trigger Amount: 
[Digital Coupon][Relevant Rate – Fixed. The 
provisions of Condition 4F (Relevant Rate – 
Fixed) shall apply)][Relevant Rate – Floating. 
The provisions of Condition 4G (Relevant Rate 
– Floating) shall apply)] 
 
 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuatio
n Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Rate(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Level] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not 
Applicable 
– 
Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Coupon Trigger Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observatio
n Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
(iv) 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
(v) 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
in respect of Coupon Trigger Averaging 
Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
(vi) 
Business Day Convention with 
respect to Coupon Trigger Payment Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate

--- Page 458 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 446 - 
70-41030487 
 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Coupon 
Trigger 
Recovery Level] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
(viii) 
Lock-In Coupon Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Level] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
(ix) 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not Applicable 
– Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(x) 
[Averaging Dates: 
 
[Averaging Period applies] [Not Applicable] 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
(xi) 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Coupon 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
(xii) 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
 
in respect of Lock-In Coupon 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 459 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 447 - 
70-41030487 
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention with 
 
respect to Lock-In Coupon Payment 
 
Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Method 
for 
determining 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Booster with Barrier Redemption] [Airbag 
with 
Barrier 
Redemption] 
[Barrier 
Redemption] [Digital with Barrier Redemption] 
[Digital Growth with Barrier Redemption] 
[Growth with Full Protection Redemption] 
[Growth with Partial Protection Redemption] 
[Digital with Partial Protection Redemption] 
[Buffer Redemption] [Booster with Buffer 
Redemption] [Digital with Buffer Redemption] 
[Digital 
Growth 
with 
Buffer 
Redemption][Step-Down Growth with Partial 
Protection Redemption] [In addition, Lock-In 
Redemption Event is applicable with respect to 
the Notes, and the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(Lock-In Redemption) shall apply.] 
15. 
Provisions relating to the calculation of the 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
 
 
(i) 
[Index]/[Index Basket]: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Each of the Indices specified in the table 
below:] 
 
 
Index 
1. [ ] 
 
 
 
[(each, an "Index" and together, the "Indices")] 
 
[Performance measure with respect to Index 
Basket:  
[Worst of Basket][Best of Basket][Average 
Basket]] 
 
(ii) 
[Security]/[Security Basket]: 
[The Security (the "Security") is: [[ ] (ISIN:[ ])] 
/ [Depository Receipts of [ ]] / [Units of an ETF, 
where the ETF is [name of ETF] and "Unit" 
means, in respect of the ETF, a share or notional 
unit of the ETF (as defined in the ETF 
Documents), the price of which is denominated 
in [ ]. [The Units represent undivided ownership 
interests in the portfolio of investments held by 
the ETF] [delete if not applicable.] 
[Each of the securities specified in the table 
below (each a "Security" and together the 
"Securities"):

--- Page 460 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 448 - 
70-41030487 
 
Security 
ISIN or Unit 
[ ]  [Depository 
Receipts of [ ]]  
[Units of [Name of 
ETF]] 
[ISIN] 
["Unit" 
means, in respect of 
the ETF, a share or 
notional unit of the 
ETF (as defined in 
the 
ETF 
Documents), 
the 
price of which is 
denominated in [ ]. 
[The Units represent 
undivided ownership 
interests 
in 
the 
portfolio 
of 
investments held by 
the ETF] [delete if 
not 
applicable], 
"Underlying Index" 
means [ ].] 
 
 
[Performance measure with respect to 
Securities Basket:  
 
[Worst of Basket][Best of Basket][Average 
Basket]] 
 
(iii) 
[Weighting]: 
[Equally weighted basket][As per the table 
below][Not Applicable – [Worst][Best] of 
Basket applies] 
 [Index][Security] 
[Weighting] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Company(ies): 
[ ] [and with respect to the Underlying 
Securities [ ]] [The ETF]] [As per the table 
below.] 
 
Security 
Underlying 
Company 
[ ] / [Unit of [Name 
of ETF]] 
[ ] / [Name of ETF] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Initial [Index Level][Security Price] 
[  ] [The Specified [Level][Price] with respect 
to the [Index][Security] determined with 
respect to the Strike Date][As per the table 
below.] 
[Index][Security] 
Initial 
[Index 
Level][Security 
Price] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
Strike Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 461 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 449 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Observation Dates: 
 
[ ][Not Applicable][Performance Observation 
Period applies] 
 
[Strike Observation Start Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Strike Observation End Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[ ] [Averaging Period applies][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Strike Averaging Start Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Strike Averaging End Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
in respect of Strike Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Final [Index Level][Security Price] 
 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not 
Applicable 
– 
Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
Final Valuation Date: 
[ ] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Observation Dates: 
 
[ ][Not Applicable][Performance Observation 
Period applies] 
[Final Observation Start Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
[Final Observation End Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
[ ] [Averaging Period applies][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Final Averaging Start Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
[Final Averaging End Date: 
[ ][Not Applicable]] 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
in respect of Final Averaging Dates: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
[Barrier: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
Barrier Event: 
[Inclusive][Non-Inclusive] 
 
Barrier Observation Method: 
[European][Bermudan][Daily] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Barrier Level] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ]

--- Page 462 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 450 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Period Start 
Date] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Period End 
Date] 
[Barrier 
Level] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 [Specified [Level][Price]: 
 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not 
Applicable 
– 
Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
[Averaging Dates: 
 
[Averaging Period applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Barrier 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Barrier 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Barrier 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
in respect of Barrier Averaging 
Dates: 
 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]] 
(viii) 
[Lock-In Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Trigger 
Level] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Percentage]

--- Page 463 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 451 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not 
Applicable 
– 
Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies][Not Applicable] 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
Averaging Dates 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Lock-In 
Redemption 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
in respect of Lock-In Redemption 
Averaging Dates: 
 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Return Threshold: 
[ ] per cent. 
(x) 
Cap: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Unlimited][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Participation: 
[100] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Floor: 
[Zero] [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[ ] per cent 
(xiv) 
Conditional Protection Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Digital Return Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Protection Level Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 464 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 452 - 
70-41030487 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum Redemption Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Minimum Return Percentage: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount (upon 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
illegality): 
(Condition 5(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons) or 5(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption for 
Illegality) 
[[100] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
[Fair Market Value] [Market Value 1] [Market 
Value 
2] 
[Principal 
Protected 
Amount] 
[Highest Value (Vanilla)] [Highest Value 
(Structured)] 
 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
following an Event of Default: 
(Condition 9 (Events of Default)) 
[[ ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] [Fair 
Market Value] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption 
following 
FX 
Disruption Event 
(Condition 7(f) (Y) of the English 
Law Conditions (Payments – Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and 
FX 
Disruption)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
following FX Disruption Event or 
Benchmark Trigger Event: 
(Condition 7(f) (Y) of the English 
Law 
Conditions 
or 
13A 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event)) 
[[ ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] [Fair 
Market Value][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount (in case 
of other events giving rise to the 
determination 
of 
an 
Early 
Redemption Amount (other than 
Force Majeure)) 
[[100] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
[Fair Market Value] [Market Value 1] [Market 
Value 
2] 
[Principal 
Protected 
Amount] 
[Highest Value (Vanilla)] [Highest Value 
(Structured)] [Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Other redemption provisions:  
[Specify] [Not applicable] 
17. 
Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Auto
matic 
Early 
Redem
ption 
Valuati
on 
Date(s)
] 
[Auto
matic 
Early 
Rede
mptio
n 
Date(
s)] 
[Automati
c 
Early 
Redemptio
n Rate(s)] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Percentage
] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]

--- Page 465 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 453 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(i) 
[Specified [Level][Price]: 
[Single 
Observation][Highest][Lowest][Average] 
[Level][Price][Not 
Applicable 
– 
Average 
Basket – [Lowest][Highest] Date applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is specified] 
[Performance Observation Period applies] 
 
[If Highest/Lowest is applicable] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Start Date] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Observation Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging Period applies] [Not Applicable] 
[If Averaging Dates are specified] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)] 
[Averaging Dates] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
[Averaging Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Averaging Period is specified] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Autocall 
Averaging 
Start Date] 
[Autocall 
Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Averaging Date Market Disruption 
in respect of Early Redemption for 
Autocallable Notes: 
[ 
] 
[Omission] 
[Postponement] 
[Modified Postponement] [Not Applicable]  
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
18. 
Taxation: 
(Condition 6 (Taxation)) 
[Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is 
applicable] [Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-
up) is not applicable]

--- Page 466 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 454 - 
70-41030487 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes] 
[Registered 
Notes] 
[Uncertificated Registered Notes] 
20. 
[If issued in bearer form:] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note: 
[Temporary] [Permanent] Global Note  
 
(ii) 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Permanent Global 
Note and/or Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] 
[No] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only in limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
(iii) 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable at the option of the 
Issuer in circumstances where the 
Issuer would suffer a material 
disadvantage following a change of 
law or regulation: 
[Yes] [No. Paragraph (c) of the Permanent 
Global Note does not apply. The Issuer may not 
elect to exchange a Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes in the circumstances described 
in paragraph (c) of the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
(iv) 
Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Exchange Date for exchange of Temporary 
Global Note: 
[ ] [Not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date] 
22. 
[If issued in registered form (other than 
Uncertificated Registered Notes):] 
[Applicable; the Notes will initially be 
represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Note] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Regulation S Global Registered Note 
exchangeable at the option of the 
Issuer in circumstances where the 
Issuer would suffer a material 
disadvantage following a change of 
law or regulation: 
[Yes] [No. Paragraph (d) of the Regulation S 
Global Registered Note does not apply. The 
Issuer may not elect to exchange a Regulation S 
Global Registered Note for Regulation S 
Definitive 
Registered 
Notes 
in 
the 
circumstances described in paragraph (d) of the 
Regulation S Global Registered Note]  
23. 
Payments: 
 
 
(i) 
Relevant Financial Centre Day: 
[specify all places] 
 
(ii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cross Currency: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Cross 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[ ]

--- Page 467 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 455 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Fixing Page: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Fixing Time: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Fixing Date: 
[ ] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] [The 
relevant [jurisdictions/places] for the purposes 
of the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date are [ ]] 
 
• 
Offshore RMB Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [Singapore] [Taiwan] [ ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark Trigger Event): 
[3] [ ] 
 
(iv) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Cut-off Date: 
[ ] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] 
 
• 
Number of local banking 
days for the purpose of 
postponing 
Related 
Payment Dates pursuant to 
Condition 
7(f) 
of 
the 
English Law 
Conditions 
(Payments – Price Source 
Disruption 
and 
FX 
Disruption): 
[3] [ ] 
 
• 
Dealer Poll: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Unscheduled Holiday and 
Deferral Period: 
The number of Relevant Currency Business 
Days for the purpose of the definition of 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
in 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) is [ ] [and the number of calendar 
days for the purposes of the Deferral Period is [ 
] [as per Condition 1 (Definitions)]] 
 
• 
Interest Adjustment 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 468 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 456 - 
70-41030487 
 
25. 
Further provisions relating to the underlying 
Ind[ex] [ices]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[ ] [As per the table below] 
 
(ii) 
Index Rules: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [As per the table below] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[ ] [As per the table below] 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[ ] [All Exchanges] [As per the table below] 
 
(v) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [As per the table 
below] 
 
(vi) 
Multiple Exchange Index: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [As per the table 
below] 
 
Index 
Alternati
ve 
Pre-
nominate
d Index 
Index 
Sponsor 
Index 
Rules 
Exchange
s 
Related 
Exchange
s 
Multiple 
Exchange 
Index 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[ ]    [All 
Exchanges
] 
[Applicabl
e] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply: [Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Index Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose of postponing Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date pursuant to Condition 
13A(c) (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3] [ ] 
26. 
Further Provisions relating to the underlying 
Securit[y][ies]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Exchange(s): 
[ ] [As per the table below] 
 
(ii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[ ] [All Exchanges] [As per the table below] 
 
Security 
Exchanges 
Related Exchanges 
 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
[ ]    [All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Potential Adjustment Event: 
 
Condition 
[18(a) 
of 
the 
English 
Law 
Conditions] is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Extraordinary Dividend (if 
other than as specified in the 
definition in Condition 1) 
[ ] 
 
• 
additional 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Event 
(for 
[ ]

--- Page 469 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 457 - 
70-41030487 
 
purposes of paragraph (viii) 
of the definition thereof) 
 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Event: 
Condition 18(b) of the English Law Conditions 
is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Conversion: 
(for Notes relating to Government 
Bonds and debt securities only) 
Condition 18(c) of the English Law Conditions 
is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Correction of Prices: 
Condition 18(d) of the English Law Conditions 
is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption Event  
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply: [Change in Law]] [Insolvency Filing] 
[Not Applicable] 
27. 
Adjustment Provisions with respect to 
Scheduled Valuation Dates and Scheduled 
Observation Dates: 
 
• 
Specified Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [The definition in 
Condition 1 applies] 
• 
Number of local banking days for 
the purpose of postponing Disrupted 
Day 
Related 
Payment 
Dates 
pursuant to Condition 16 of the 
English Law Conditions: 
[3] [ ] 
28. 
Valuation Time: 
[ ] [The definition in Condition 1 applies] 
29. 
Additional 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] [The Notes are 
[not] Section 871(m) Notes for the purpose of 
Section 871(m).] [The [Dividend Withholding] 
[Issuer Withholding] approach shall apply to 
the Notes. For further information, see 
"Taxation – Other Taxation Matters – Notes 
and Warrants – U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus. 
[The following dividend equivalent amounts 
are to be treated as being reinvested during the 
term of the Notes, less a withholding on such 
amounts at a rate of [ ] per cent. (as of the Issue 
Date), which shall be treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as having been withheld 
from payments due to the holders of the Notes: 
[ ]]. Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from the Issuer. Investors should 
submit any requests for additional information 
to the Issuer via their custodians.] [The Notes 
will not be Section 871(m) Notes if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any U.S. equity. Notes that reference a 
U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. 
equity are subject to additional testing on a 
trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they 
are Section 871(m) Notes.]

--- Page 470 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 458 - 
70-41030487 
 
30. 
Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons] and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
[and the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons] 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law 
 
CONFIRMED 
HSBC BANK plc 
 
By:  
Authorised Signatory 
 
Date: ...........................................................................

--- Page 471 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 459 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [will be] [has been] made to admit the 
Notes to listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin][and][the official list of the Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]. No assurance can be given as to whether or 
not, or when, such application will be granted.] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[The Original Issue was admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin on [ ].] 
[Application [will be] [has been] made for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin][and][the Electronic Bond 
Market, being the regulated market of the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT")]. No assurance can be given 
as to whether or not, or when, such application will 
be granted.] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
[RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated.] [The Notes [have been] 
[are expected on issue to be rated:]: 
 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[ ] 
 
 
Moody's Investors Service Limited: 
[ ] 
 
 
Fitch Ratings Limited: 
[ ] 
3. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use 
of proceeds: 
[The Notes are specified as being ["Green 
Bonds"]["Social Bonds"]["Sustainable Bonds"] and 
an amount of funding equivalent to the net proceeds 
from the sale of the Notes will be used as described 
in "Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable 
Bonds" in the Base Prospectus. The Applicable 
Framework 
is 
the 
[HSBC 
Green 
Bond 
Framework][SDG Bond Framework].]  
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[The Notes may be on-sold by the Dealer(s) to the Initial Authorised Offerors at a discount to 
the Issue Price of [up to] [•%]. Such discount (the "re-offer spread") will be retained by the 
Initial Authorised Offerors.] [Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s)[and][[S/s]ave for the 
re-offer spread retained by the Initial Authorised Offerors], no person involved in the issue of 
the Notes has, so far as the Issuer is aware, an interest material to the [issue/offer]. The 
Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 472 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 460 - 
70-41030487 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Information on past and future performance and volatility of the [BBR] [EURIBOR] [LIBOR] 
interest rates can be obtained from [Reuters] [ ].] 
7. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
 
Information on the past and future performance and volatility of the [Index] [Indices comprised 
in the Index Basket] [Securities] [Securities comprised in the Securities Basket] can be 
obtained free of charge from [the following display pages on [Bloomberg (source: Bloomberg 
Financial Markets Service)]] [the following website [•] [(Source: [•])]]. 
8. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE 
 
Information on past and future performance and volatility of the [ ] [Alternative Payment 
Currency Exchange Rate] can be obtained from [Reuters] [ ].] 
[DISTRIBUTION 
9. 
(i) 
If syndicated, name[s] and 
address[es] of Dealers [and 
underwriting 
commitments 
(including, where not all of the 
issue 
is 
underwritten, 
a 
statement of the portion not 
covered)]: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Indication 
of 
the 
overall 
amount of the underwriting 
commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [of 
the Tranche]] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[ ] 
11. 
TEFRA Rules applicable to Bearer 
Notes: 
[TEFRA C Rules] [TEFRA D Rules] [TEFRA Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Selling restrictions, United States of 
America: 
40-day 
Distribution 
Compliance 
Period: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Public Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(i) 
Details of the Public Offer: 
A public offer of this Tranche of Notes may be made 
by the Dealers [and [ ] (address: [ ])] ([together with 
the Dealers,] the "Initial Authorised Offeror[s]") 
and any other Authorised Offerors published on the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-
income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20 in [Republic of 
Ireland] [Belgium] [France] [Italy] (the "Public 
Offer Jurisdiction") during the period from and 
including [ ] until but excluding [ ] (the "Offer 
Period").

--- Page 473 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 461 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(ii) 
Conditions attached to the 
consent to use the Prospectus: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
14. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] [The Notes are not 
Section 871(m) Notes for the purpose of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
17. 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Common Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Valoren Number: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
20. 
SEDOL: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Other identifier / code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear] [Clearstream, Luxembourg] [CREST] 
[Euroclear France] 
23. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment 
24. 
(i) 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent/Registrar/Issue 
Agent/Transfer Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [Names and addresses to be 
included if relevant agent is not HSBC Bank plc] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
25. 
Common Depositary: 
[ ] [HSBC Bank plc] [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] [HSBC Bank plc] [HSBC Continental Europe]  
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
27. 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [ ] 
28. 
Total amount of the issue/offer; if the 
amount is not fixed, description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing 
to the public the definitive amount of 
the offer: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
29. 
The time period, including any 
possible amendments, during which 
the offer will be open: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
30. 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
31. 
Description of the application process: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
32. 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 474 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 462 - 
70-41030487 
 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
33. 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
34. 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering of the 
securities: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
35. 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
36. 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
37. 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
38. 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
39. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
40. 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
41. 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depositary agents in each 
country: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
42. 
Name and address if the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and 
offer rates and description of the main 
terms of their commitment: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
BENCHMARKS 
43. 
Details of benchmarks administrators 
and 
registration 
under 
EU 
Benchmarks Regulation: 
[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 475 ---
Part II – Information Relating to the Notes 
Section II.8 - Form of Final Terms for Notes (Alternative English Law Conditions) 
10231698288-v34 
- 463 - 
70-41030487 
 
ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS NOT REQUIRED BY THE SECURITIES NOTE RELATING TO 
THE UNDERLYING 
[The following [Index] [ETF] disclaimer is applicable [in respect of the [ ] [Index] [ETF], as agreed 
between the [Index Sponsor] [ ] and the Issuer]: [ ]].

--- Page 476 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 464 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART III – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE WARRANTS 
SECTION III.1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE WARRANTS 
This section provides details of how an investment in the Warrants works and how payments under the 
Warrants are calculated, including a number of worked examples. 
(1) 
Introduction 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Warrants. A document known as "Final Terms" will give further 
details of the amounts payable under the Warrants. 
In this sub-section (1), the various types of cash payment which may be payable upon exercise of a Warrant 
(each, a "Cash Settlement Amount") are described. All Cash Settlement Amounts payable upon exercise 
of a Warrant require the performance of indices or securities to be ascertained. In sub-section (2), the 
various processes used in ascertaining the performance of indices or securities are described. 
Unless a Warrant has been terminated earlier, a Warrant will be exercised at the end of its term on the 
"Expiry Date". The Cash Settlement Amount which an investor will receive will be calculated using the 
Cash Settlement Amount provisions specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify one of the following Cash Settlement Amount provisions as applying to a particular issue of 
Warrants: 
• 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant; 
• 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant; 
• 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant; 
• 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant; 
• 
Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant; 
• 
Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant; 
• 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant; and 
• 
Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant. 
The amount of the Cash Settlement Amount will depend on the performance of the index or basket of 
indices (the "Index" and "Basket of Indices", respectively) or security or basket of securities ("Security" 
and "Basket of Securities", respectively) to which the Warrant is linked and the relevant Cash Settlement 
Amount provision. In this section, an "Underlying" shall mean an Index or Security, as the case may be, 
and a "Basket of Underlyings" shall mean a Basket of Indices or Basket of Securities, as the case may be. 
Further details of the above Cash Settlement Amount provisions and the amounts which may be payable 
depending on which of the above Cash Settlement Amount provisions is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms are set out at sub-section (3) below, together with some worked examples. 
Warrants may be issued in pairs. If so, in each pair, one of the Warrants will be a 'Put Warrant' and one will 
be a 'Call Warrant' for the relevant type of cash settlement. Each Warrant in a pair will be exercisable 
independently of the other Warrant in the pair. A Put Warrant provides protection against a downwards 
movement of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Warrants. A Call Warrant provides exposure to 
positive movement of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Warrants. A more detailed description of 
Put Warrants and Call Warrants is set out at sub-section (3) below. 
The following table sets out for each type of Cash Settlement Amount details of where an explanation of 
the Cash Settlement Amount for each Warrant and a related worked example may be found in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 477 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 465 - 
70-41030487 
 
If the Final Terms specify that the following is 
applicable … 
… an explanation and worked example 
in this Base Prospectus may be found at: 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
Pages 470 to 474 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
Pages 470 to 474 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
Pages 470 to 474 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
Pages 474 to 477 
Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
Pages 474 to 477 
Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant 
Pages 475 to 477 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
Pages 478 to 480 
Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
Pages 478 to 480 
 
(2) 
Ascertaining the performance of the Underlying(s) 
Each Cash Settlement Amount which may be payable in respect of a Warrant is linked to the performance 
of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings to which the Warrant is linked. Details of how to ascertain the 
performance of an Underlying or Basket of Underlyings are set out below, together with worked examples. 
(a) 
The value of the Underlying(s) 
The calculations which are required to be made to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount, will be based on 
the level or price (as applicable) of the relevant Underlying(s) (the "Relevant Level" or "Relevant Price", 
as the case may be) determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will determine the 
Relevant Level or Relevant Price, as the case may be, by reference to: 
• 
in the case of an Index-Linked Warrant, the level of the Index quoted on a particular exchange or 
quotation system or, in the case of a Multiple Exchange Index, as calculated by an index sponsor, 
at a particular valuation time on a particular valuation date; and 
• 
in the case of an Equity-Linked Warrant, the price of the Security quoted on a particular exchange 
or quotation system at a particular valuation time on a particular valuation date. 
The value of the Relevant Level or Relevant Price, as the case may be, will be determined by reference to 
either a single date or several dates (the latter are referred to as "Averaging Dates"), as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Consequently, there are two different valuation methods that may be used to ascertain the Relevant Level 
or Relevant Price, as the case may be. Which valuation method is applicable will depend on whether there 
are Averaging Dates involved. The following matrix describes which method will be used to ascertain the 
Relevant Level or Relevant Price, as the case may be, in different circumstances: 
Averaging Dates: 
are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms 
Final Index Level or Final Security 
Price 
 
 
see page 466 
Averaging Dates: 
are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms 
Average Index Level or Average 
Security Price  
 
 
see page 466 
 
Details of each valuation method are set out below.

--- Page 478 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 466 - 
70-41030487 
 
Final Index Level or Final Security Price valuation method 
If no Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will obtain the level 
or price (as applicable) of the relevant Underlying on a given date and time (the "Valuation Date" and the 
"Valuation Time"). 
Final Index Level worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Warrant linked to the FTSE®100 Index. 
• 
No Averaging Dates are specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
The Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms is 30 June 2023. 
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 pm (London time). 
• 
The level of the FTSE®100 Index on 30 June 2023 at 5.00 pm (London time) is 6,800. 
(1) 
What is the Final Index Level? 
In order to determine the Final Index Level, the Calculation Agent will obtain the level of the 
FTSE®100 Index on 30 June 2023 at 5.00 pm (London time). In this case, the Final Index Level 
will be 6,800. 
 
Average Index Level or Average Security Price valuation method 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will obtain the levels 
or prices (as applicable) of the relevant Underlying, on those Averaging Dates and calculate the arithmetic 
average of the levels or prices obtained. 
Average Security Price worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Warrant linked to the ordinary shares of Company A. 
• 
Four Averaging Dates are specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 pm (London time). 
• 
The price of the ordinary shares of Company A at the Valuation Time on each of the four 
Averaging Dates are GBP 6,650, GBP 7,050, GBP 6,800 and GBP 6,900. 
(1) 
What is the Average Security Price? 
In order to calculate the Average Security Price, the Calculation Agent will obtain the arithmetic 
average of the price of the ordinary shares of Company A on each of the four Averaging Dates. 
The Average Security Price is therefore GBP 6,850, being (GBP 6,650 + GBP 7,050 + GBP 
6,800 + GBP 6,900) divided by 4. 
 
(b) 
The performance of the Underlying(s) 
The calculations also rely on a determination by the Calculation Agent of the appreciation or depreciation 
in the performance of the Underlying(s) over time. It does so by comparing the Relevant Level or Relevant 
Price, as the case may be, with an initial index level or security price specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 479 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 467 - 
70-41030487 
 
to ascertain the "Relevant Final Performance" of the relevant Underlying. The Relevant Final 
Performance is a percentage representing any appreciation or depreciation in the Underlying or 
Underlying(s) (as applicable) in comparison to the initial level or initial price (as applicable) of the 
Underlying or Underlying(s) (as applicable). 
If a Warrant is linked to a Basket of Underlyings and no Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Final Performance as the weighted arithmetic 
average of the performance of each constituent Underlying on the Valuation Date and at the Valuation 
Time. 
Relevant Final Performance – Securities Basket worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Warrant linked to an equally weighted basket consisting of the ordinary 
shares of Company X and the ordinary shares of Company Y. 
• 
The initial security price of the ordinary shares of Company X is GBP 6,100. 
• 
The initial security price of the ordinary shares of Company Y is USD 2,300. 
• 
The Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms is 30 June 2023. 
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 pm (London time) in respect of the 
ordinary shares of Company X and 5.00 pm (New York time) in respect of the ordinary shares 
of Company Y. 
• 
The price of the ordinary shares of Company X on 30 June 2023 at 5.00 pm (London time) is 
GBP 6,500. 
• 
The price of the ordinary shares of Company Y on 30 June 2023 at 5.00 pm (New York time) 
is USD 2,100. 
(1) 
What is the performance of each constituent Security? 
In order to calculate the performance of each Security, the Calculation Agent will in respect of 
each Security divide the price of such Security determined on the Valuation Date at the 
Valuation Time by the initial security price of such Security. In respect of the ordinary shares 
of Company X the performance is GBP 6,500 / GBP 6,100 = 1.0656 and when expressed as a 
percentage, 106.56%. In respect of the ordinary shares of Company Y the performance is USD 
2,100 / USD 2,300 = 0.9130 and when expressed as a percentage, 91.30%. 
(2) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
As the Securities are equally weighted the Relevant Final Performance is determined by adding 
together the performance of each Security and dividing the outcome by 2. This means that the 
Relevant Final Performance is (106.56% + 91.30%) / 2 = 197.86% / 2 = 98.93%. 
 
If a Warrant is linked to a Basket of Underlyings and Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will calculate the Relevant Final Performance as follows. 
First, the Calculation Agent will calculate the Average Index Level or Average Security Price, as the case 
may be, in respect of each constituent Index or Security in the Basket. The process for this is described in 
paragraph titled "Average Index Level or Average Security Price valuation method" on page 393 of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 480 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 468 - 
70-41030487 
 
Next, the Calculation Agent will determine the performance of each Index or Security by: 
• 
in the case of an Index-Linked Warrant, dividing the relevant Average Index Level of such Index 
by the initial level of such index and expressing the outcome as a percentage; and 
• 
in the case of an Equity-Linked Warrant, dividing the relevant Average Security Price of such 
Security by the initial price of such security and expressing the outcome as a percentage. 
Subsequently, the Relevant Final Performance will be calculated as the weighted arithmetic average of the 
performance of each of the Underlyings. 
Relevant Final Performance – Index Basket with Averaging Dates worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a Warrant linked to a weighted Basket of Indices comprised of the 
FTSE®100 Index, the Hang Seng Index and the S&P 500® Index. 
• 
The weightings of each Index specified in the relevant Final Terms is as follows: 
Weighting 
Index 
50% 
FTSE®100 Index 
30% 
Hang Seng Index 
20% 
S&P 500® Index 
• 
The initial index levels of the FTSE®100 Index, the Hang Seng Index and the S&P 500® Index 
are 6,400, 22,300 and 2,300 respectively. 
• 
Three Averaging Dates are specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
The Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is 5.00 pm (London time) in respect of the 
FTSE®100 Index, 5.00 pm (Hong Kong time) in respect of the Hang Seng Index and 5.00 pm 
(New York time) in respect of the S&P 500® Index. 
• 
The levels of the FTSE®100 Index at 5.00 pm (London time) on the three Averaging Dates are 
6,550, 6,575 and 6,525. 
• 
The levels of the Hang Seng Index at 5.00 pm (Hong Kong time) on the three Averaging Dates 
are 22,000, 22,100 and 22,200. 
• 
The levels of the S&P 500® Index at 5.00 pm (New York time) on the three Averaging Dates 
are 2,500, 2,520 and 2,495. 
(1) 
What is the Average Index Level of each constituent Index? 
In order to calculate the Average Index Level, the Calculation Agent will obtain the arithmetic 
average of the levels of each Index on each of the Averaging Dates. The Average Index Levels 
of each Index are therefore as follows: 
• 
FTSE®100 Index: 6,550 (being (6,550 + 6,575 + 6,525) divided by 3 = 6,550) 
• 
Hang Seng Index: 22,100 (being (22,000 + 22,100 + 22,200) divided by 3 = 22,100) 
• 
S&P 500® Index: 2,505 (being (2,500 + 2,520 + 2,495) divided by 3 = 2,505) 
(2) 
What is the performance of each constituent Index? 
In order to calculate the performance of each Index, the Calculation Agent will in respect of 
each Index divide the relevant Average Index Level by the initial index level of such Index. The 
Relevant Final Performance is expressed as a percentage. In respect of the FTSE®100 Index the

--- Page 481 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 469 - 
70-41030487 
 
performance is 6,550 / 6,400 = 1.0234 and when expressed as a percentage 102.34%. In respect 
of the Hang Seng Index the performance is 22,100 / 22,300 = 0.9910 and when expressed as a 
percentage 99.10%. In respect of the S&P 500® Index the performance is 2,505/ 2,300 = 1.0891 
and when expressed as a percentage 108.91%. 
(3) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
The Relevant Final Performance is the weighted average of the Indices and will be calculated 
as follows: 
• 
FTSE®100 Index: 102.34% × 50% = 51.17% 
• 
Hang Seng Index: 99.10% × 30% = 29.73% 
• 
S&P 500® Index: 108.91% × 20% = 21.78% 
The Relevant Final Performance is therefore 51.17% + 29.73% + 21.78% = 102.68% 
 
(3) 
Cash Settlement Amount 
The calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of each Warrant depends on the method specified 
for determining the Cash Settlement Amount in the relevant Final Terms. An investor in the Warrants 
should refer to the corresponding paragraphs below to understand how the Cash Settlement Amount is 
calculated for any particular Warrant. 
Warrants may be issued in pairs. If so, in each pair, one of the Warrants will be a 'Put Warrant' and one will 
be a 'Call Warrant' for the relevant type of cash settlement. Each Warrant in a pair will be exercisable 
independently of the other Warrant in the pair. 
A Put Warrant provides protection against a downwards movement of the Underlying or Underlyings (as 
applicable) during the term of the Warrants. 
A Call Warrant provides exposure to positive movement of the Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable) 
during the term of the Warrants. 
Together, a Put Warrant and Call Warrant provide investors protection against depreciation of the 
Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable) and exposure to the appreciation of the Underlying or 
Underlyings (as applicable) subject to a cap (if applicable) and multiplied by a participation (if applicable). 
In all pair combinations, if both Warrants are held by the same investor and exercised by them at the same 
time, then the sum of the Cash Settlement Amounts for both Warrants received by that investor will be a 
minimum of 100%, or a percentage equal to the partial protection level as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, of the face value (as specified in the relevant Final Terms relating to both Warrants) (the "Face 
Value") (not, for the avoidance of doubt, 100% or a percentage equal to the partial protection level as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms of the combined Face Values of both Warrants in a pair). 
The pair combinations of Warrants are: 
• 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
• 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
• 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant 
• 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement 
Call Warrant 
• 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant

--- Page 482 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 470 - 
70-41030487 
 
(a) 
Warrants specifying Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant, Growth Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant or Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
A Warrant specifying "Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant" may be paired with either a Warrant 
specifying" Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant" or a Warrant specifying "Capped Growth Cash 
Settlement Call Warrant". 
Overview of Warrants specifying Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant, Growth Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant or Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
When a pair of Warrants consisting of a Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrants and a Growth Cash 
Settlement Call Warrants are exercised together they provide the investor with protection on its investment 
together with a potential upside (a specified participation factor expressing an enhanced return following 
an appreciation of the Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable) not subject to a maximum cap) depending 
on the appreciation or depreciation of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. 
When a pair of Warrants consisting of a Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrants and a Capped Growth 
Cash Settlement Call Warrants are exercised together they provide the investor with protection on its 
investment together with a potential upside (a specified participation factor expressing an enhanced return 
following an appreciation of the Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable) subject to a maximum cap) 
depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. 
Accordingly, the Cash Settlement Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings; 
• 
the participation factor specified; and 
• 
the maximum cap specified (if applicable). 
Calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
(i) 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
If "Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by multiplying the face value of the Warrant 
("Face Value") by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]] 
(ii) 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If "Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Face Value by the result of 
the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%] +Participation×MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance -100%]] 
(iii) 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If "Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Face Value by the 
result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%] +MIN [Cap; Participation ×MAX [0; Relevant Final Performanc

--- Page 483 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 471 - 
70-41030487 
 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant, Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant and Capped 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a pair of Warrants denominated in GBP linked to the FTSE®100 Index 
(the "Index"). The Final Terms of one (the "Put Warrant") specify Protection Cash Settlement 
Put Warrant and the Final Terms of the other Warrant specify either Growth Cash Settlement 
Call Warrant or Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant. 
• 
The Face Value of each Warrant is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The initial index level set out in the relevant Final Terms is 6,450. 
• 
The Relevant Level of the FTSE®100 Index is 6,800,, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
using the "Final Index Level" valuation method. 
• 
The Participation (being a percentage that expresses the increase in the Face Value of the 
Warrant if there is an appreciation of the Index) is 120%. 
• 
The Cap (being a percentage that expresses the maximum appreciation of the Index that will be 
considered when determining the Cash Settlement Amount) is 10%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
To determine the Relevant Final Performance, the Relevant Level (6,800) is divided by the 
initial index level (6,450). This is equal to 1.0543 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 
105.43%. Therefore the Relevant Final Performance is 105.43%. 
(2) 
Calculating the formula for Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]] 
(a) 
What is MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]? 
0 is greater than 100% - Relevant Final Performance (minus 5.43%, being 100% - 105.43%), 
and so 0 is used rather than minus 5.43%. 
(b) 
What is MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]]? 
0 is less than 90%, and so 0 is used rather than 90%. 
(c) 
Re-inserting the variable 
Once the variable is re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 0, which is equal to 
0. 
(3) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant is: 
 
GBP 
1000 
x 
(The Face Value of the Warrant) 
 
 
0% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula)

--- Page 484 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 472 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
GBP 
0 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant 
(4) 
Calculating the formula for Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant (if applicable) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (4), it is assumed that the investor also purchases a Warrant 
denominated in GBP linked to the FTSE®100 Index which specifies Growth Cash Settlement 
Call Warrant ("Call Warrant"). 
An investor will be entitled to an amount equal to the Face Value of the Warrant multiplied by 
the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [
90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%] 
+Participation×MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance -100%]] 
When working out the above formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the formula 
described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, respectively. 
(a) 
What is MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]? 
The Relevant Final Performance - 10% is 95.43% (being 105.43% - 10%) which is greater than 
0, and so 95.43% is used rather than 0%. 
(b) 
What is MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]]? 
90% is less than 95.43%, and so 90%, rather than 95.43%, is multiplied by 1/90% in the first 
part of the formula. 
(c) 
What is MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]? 
The Relevant Final Performance - 100% is 5.43% (being 105.43% - 100%) which is greater 
than 0, and so 5.43% is used in the fourth part of the formula rather than 0. 
(d) 
Re-inserting the variables 
Once these variables are re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 90% + 120% × 
5.43%, which is equal to 106.52%. 
(e) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000.00 
x 
(The Face Value of the Warrant) 
 
 
106.52% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula) 
 
GBP 
1,065.20 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant 
(f) 
Total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising a Warrant specifying "Protection 
Cash Settlement Put Warrant" and a Warrant specifying "Growth Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant" 
The total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising this pair of Warrants will be: 
 
GBP 
0 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant) 
 
+ 
1,065.20 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant) 
 
GBP 
1,065.20 
 
The total amount received for this pair of Warrants

--- Page 485 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 473 - 
70-41030487 
 
(5) 
Calculating the formula for Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant (if applicable) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (5), it is assumed that the investor purchases in addition to 
the Put Warrant a Warrant denominated in GBP linked to the FTSE®100 Index which specifies 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant ("Capped Call Warrant"). 
An investor will be entitled on exercise to an amount equal to the Face Value of the Warrant 
multiplied by the result of the following formula: 
1/90% ×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance -10%] +MIN [Cap; Participation×MAX [0; R
When working out the above formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the formula 
described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, respectively. 
(a) 
What is MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]? 
The Relevant Final Performance - 10% is 95.43% (being 105.43% - 10%) which is greater than 
0, and so 95.43% is used rather than 0. 
(b) 
What is MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]]? 
90% is less than 95.43%, and so 90%, rather than 95.43%, is multiplied by 1/90% in the first 
part of the formula. 
(c) 
What is MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]? 
The Relevant Final Performance - 100% is 5.43% (being 105.43% - 100%) which is greater 
than 0%, and so 5.43% is used rather than 0%. 
(d) 
What is MIN [Cap; Participation × MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 100%]]? 
The Cap (10%) is greater than the Participation (120%) multiplied by the Relevant Final 
Performance - 100% (5.43%) (being 6.52%), so 6.52% will be used rather than the Cap (being 
10%) in the second part of the formula. 
(e) 
Re-inserting the variables 
Once these variables are re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 90% + 6.52%, 
which is equal to 106.52%. 
(f) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Capped Call Warrant will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000.00 
x 
(The Face Value of the Warrant) 
 
 
106.52% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula) 
 
GBP 
1,065.20 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Capped Call Warrant 
(g) 
Total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising a Warrant specifying "Protection 
Cash Settlement Put Warrant" and a Warrant specifying "Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant" 
The total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising this pair of Warrants will be: 
 
GBP 
0 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount for the Put Warrant) 
 
+ 
1,065.20 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount for the Capped Call Warrant) 
 
GBP 
1,065.20 
 
The total amount received for this pair of Warrants

--- Page 486 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 474 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Warrants specifying Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant, Conditional Growth Cash 
Settlement Call Warrant or Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
A Warrant specifying "Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant" may be paired with either a 
Warrant specifying "Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant" or a Warrant specifying 
"Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant". 
Overview of Warrants specifying Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant, Conditional Growth 
Cash Settlement Call Warrant or Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
When a pair of Warrants consisting of a Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrants and a Conditional 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrants are exercised together they provide the investor with a potential 
upside (a specified participation factor expressing an enhanced return following an appreciation of the 
Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable) not subject to a maximum cap) or downside (subject to a 
protection level which is a fixed percentage expressing the maximum amount of depreciation that is taken 
into account) depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. 
When a pair of Warrants consisting of a Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrants and a Conditional 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrants are exercised together they provide the investor with a 
potential upside (a specified participation factor expressing an enhanced return following an appreciation 
of the Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable) subject to a maximum cap) or downside (subject to a 
protection level which is a fixed percentage expressing the maximum amount of depreciation that is taken 
into account) depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. 
Accordingly, the Cash Settlement Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings; 
• 
the protection level specified; 
• 
the participation factor specified; and 
• 
the maximum cap specified (if applicable). 
Calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
(i) 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
If "Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Face Value of the 
Warrant by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]]-MIN [100%-Protection Level; MAX [0; 100% -Relevant Fina
(ii) 
Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If "Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than 100%, then an investor will 
be entitled to an amount equal to the Face Value multiplied by the result of the following 
formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+Participation×[Relevant Final Performance - 100%] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than 100%, then an investor will be entitled to 
an amount equal to the Face Value multiplied by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]

--- Page 487 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 475 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iii) 
Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If "Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than 100%, then an investor will 
be entitled to an amount equal to the Face Value multiplied by the result of the following 
formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance -10%]] +MIN [Cap; Participation × 
[Relevant Final Performance-100%]] 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than 100%, then an investor will be entitled to 
an amount equal to the Face Value multiplied by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]] 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant, Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant and 
Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
• 
An investor purchases a pair of Warrants denominated in GBP linked to the FTSE®100 Index 
and S&P 500® Index (together, the "Basket"). The Indices in the Basket are equally weighted. 
The Final Terms of one (the "Put Warrant") specify Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put 
Warrant and the Final Terms of the other Warrant specify either Conditional Growth Cash 
Settlement Amount Call Warrant or Conditional Growth Capped Cash Settlement Call Warrant. 
• 
The Face Value of each Warrant is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The initial index level of the FTSE®100 Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 6,700 and 
the initial index level of the S&P 500® Index set out in the relevant Final Terms is 2,300. 
• 
The Relevant Level of the FTSE®100 Index and of the S&P 500® Index are 7,250 and 1,750, 
respectively, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Final Index Level" valuation 
method. 
• 
The Participation (being a percentage that expresses the increase in the Face Value of the 
Warrant if there is an appreciation of the Index) is 120%. 
• 
The Cap (being a percentage that expresses the maximum appreciation of the Index that will be 
considered when determining the Cash Settlement Amount) is 10%. 
• 
The Protection Level (being a percentage that expresses the maximum amount of depreciation 
that is taken into account) is 85%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
To determine the Relevant Final Performance, the Relevant Level in respect of each Index is 
divided by the relevant initial index level. In respect of the FTSE®100 Index the performance 
is 7,250 / 6,700 = 1.0821 and when expressed as a percentage 108.21%. In respect of the S&P 
500® Index the performance is 1,750 / 2,300 = 0.7609 and when expressed as a percentage 
76.09%. The Relevant Final Performance is the weighted average of the performances of the 
Indices and will be calculated as (108.21% + 76.09%) / 2 = 184.30% / 2 = 92.15%. Therefore 
the Relevant Final Performance is 92.15%.

--- Page 488 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 476 - 
70-41030487 
 
(2) 
Calculating the formula for Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]]-MIN [100%-Protection Level; MAX 
[0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]] 
(a) 
What is MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]? 
100% - the Relevant Final Performance is 7.85% (being 100% - 92.15%) which is greater than 
0, and so 7.85% is used in both parts of the formula rather than 0. 
(b) 
What is MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]]? 
7.85% is less than 90% and so 7.85% is used in the first part of the formula rather than 90%. 
(c) 
What is 100% - Protection Level? 
100% - the Protection Level (85%) is 15%. 
(d) 
What is MIN [100% - Protection Level, MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]]? 
7.85% is less than 15%, so 7.85% is used in the second part of the formula rather than 15%. 
(e) 
Re-inserting the variables 
Once the variables are re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 7.85% - 7.85%, 
which is equal to 0.872%. 
(3) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant is: 
 
GBP 
1,000.00 
x 
(The Face Value of the Warrant) 
 
 
0.872% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula) 
 
GBP 
8.72 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant 
(4) 
Calculating the formula for Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant (if applicable) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (4), it is assumed that the investor also purchases a Warrant 
denominated in GBP linked to an equally weighted basket comprised of the FTSE®100 Index 
and S&P 500® Index which specifies Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant (the 
"Call Warrant"). 
(a) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance equal to or greater than 100%? 
The Relevant Final Performance (92.15%) is not equal to or greater than 100% 
Therefore, an investor will be entitled on exercise to an amount equal to the Face Value of the 
Call Warrant multiplied by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]] 
When working out the above formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the formula 
described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, respectively.

--- Page 489 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 477 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
What is MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%] 
Relevant Final Performance - 10% is 82.15% (being 92.15% - 10%) which is greater than 0, and 
so 82.15% is used rather than 0. 
(c) 
What is MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]]? 
82.15% is less than 90%, and so 82.15%, rather than 90%, is used in the second part of the 
formula. 
(d) 
Re-inserting the variable 
Once the variable is re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 82.15%, which is 
equal to 91.278%. 
(e) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant will be: 
 
GBP 
1,000.00 
x 
(The Face Value of the Warrant) 
 
 
91.278% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula) 
 
GBP 
912.78 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant 
(f) 
Total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising a Warrant specifying "Partially 
Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant" and a Warrant specifying "Conditional Growth Cash 
Settlement Call Warrant" 
The total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising this pair of Warrants will be: 
 
GBP 
8.72 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount for the Put Warrant) 
 
+ 
912.7
8 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount for the Call Warrant) 
 
GBP 
921.5
0 
 
The total amount received for this pair of Warrants (which 
equals the performance of the Warrants if the Warrants are 
held in a pair) 
(5) 
Calculating the formula for Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant) (if 
applicable) 
If, in addition to the Put Warrant, the investor purchases a Warrant denominated in GBP linked 
to the FTSE®100 Index and S&P 500® Index which specifies Conditional Capped Growth Cash 
Settlement Call Warrant (the "Capped Call Warrant") the calculations for determining the 
Cash Settlement Amount for the Capped Call Warrant will be as for the Call Warrant, save that 
if there is any appreciation of the basket of Indices (as opposed to the depreciation demonstrated 
in this example), the maximum appreciation that will be considered when determining the Cash 
Settlement Amount for the Capped Call Warrant will be the Cap (i.e. in this example, 10%). 
 
(c) 
Warrants specifying Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Digital Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant 
A Warrant specifying "Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant" will be paired with a Warrant specifying 
"Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant". 
Overview of Warrants specifying Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Digital Cash Settlement Call 
Warrant 
When a pair of Warrants consisting of a Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant and a Digital Cash Settlement 
Cash Settlement Put Warrant are exercised together they provide the investor either with an upside (a so-

--- Page 490 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 478 - 
70-41030487 
 
called digital amount) which is a fixed percentage increase expressing an enhanced return following an 
appreciation of the Underlying or Underlyings (as applicable)) or a downside (subject to a protection level 
which is a fixed percentage expressing the maximum amount of depreciation of the Underlying or 
Underlyings (as applicable) that is taken into account) depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the 
Underlying or Basket of Underlyings. 
Accordingly, the Cash Settlement Amount payable to the investor will depend on: 
• 
the performance of the relevant Underlying or Basket of Underlyings; 
• 
the protection level specified; and 
• 
the digital amount specified. 
Calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
(i) 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
If "Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by multiplying the face value of the Warrant ('Face 
Value') by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]]-MIN [100%-Protection Level; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final
(ii) 
Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If "Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then an investor will be entitled upon settlement to the Cash Settlement Amount which will be 
calculated as follows: 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than 100%, then an investor will 
be entitled to an amount equal to the Face Value multiplied by the result of the following 
formula: 
1/90%×MIN [90%; MAX [0; [Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+Digital Amount 
• 
If the Relevant Final Performance is less than 100%, then an investor will be entitled to 
an amount equal to the Face Value multiplied by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]] 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant and Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that: 
An investor purchases a Warrant denominated in GBP linked to the ordinary shares of Company Z which 
specifies Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant (the "Put Warrant") and a Warrant denominated in GBP 
linked to the ordinary shares of Company Z which specifies Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant (the 
"Call Warrant"). 
The Face Value of each Warrant is GBP 1,000. 
The initial security price set out in the relevant Final Terms against which the performance of the 
ordinary shares of Company Z will be measured is GBP 6,500. 
There are four Averaging Dates and the prices of the Security on these dates are GBP 6,650, GBP 7,050, 
GBP 6,800 and GBP 6,900.

--- Page 491 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 479 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Relevant Price of the ordinary shares of Company Z is GBP 6,850 (being (GBP 6,650 + GBP 7,050 
+ GBP 6,800 + GBP 6,900) divided by 4), as determined by the Calculation Agent using the "Average 
Security Price" valuation method. 
The Protection Level (being a percentage that expresses the maximum amount of depreciation of the 
Security that is taken into account) is 85%. 
The Digital Amount (being a fixed percentage increase which expresses an enhanced return following 
an appreciation of the Security) is 7%. 
(1) 
What is the Relevant Final Performance? 
To determine the Relevant Final Performance, the Relevant Price (GBP 6,850) is divided by the 
initial security price (GBP 6,500). This is equal to 1.10 and, when expressed as a percentage, is 
110%. Therefore the Relevant Final Performance is 110%. 
(2) 
Calculating the formula for Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
When working out the following formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the 
formula described using "MIN" and "MAX", which mean the lower of and the greater of, 
respectively. 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]]-MIN [100%-Protection Level; MAX 
[0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]] 
(a) 
What is MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]? 
0 is greater than 100% - Relevant Final Performance which is minus 10% (being 100% - 110%), 
and so 0 is used in the second and third parts of the formula rather than minus 10%. 
(b) 
What is MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]]? 
0 is less than 90%, and so 0 is multiplied by 1/90% in the first part of the formula, rather than 
90%. 
(c) 
What is MIN [100% - Protection Level; MAX [0; 100% - Relevant Final Performance]]? 
100% - 85% (the Protection Level) is 15%. 
0 is less than 15%, so 0 is used in the third part of the formula rather than 15%. 
(d) 
Re-inserting the variables 
Once these variables are re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 0 - 0, which is 
equal to 0. 
(3) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant is: 
 
GBP 
1,000 
x 
(The Face Value of the Put Warrant) 
 
 
0% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula) 
 
GBP 
0 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Put Warrant 
(4) 
Calculating the formula for Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant  
(a) 
Is the Relevant Final Performance equal to or greater than 100%? 
The Relevant Final Performance (110%) is greater than 100%.

--- Page 492 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 480 - 
70-41030487 
 
Therefore, an investor will be entitled on exercise to an amount equal to the Face Value of the 
Call Warrant multiplied by the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+Digital Amount 
When working out the above formula, the first step is to determine the variables in the formula 
described using "MIN", which means the lower of. 
(b) 
What is MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]? 
The Relevant Final Performance - 10% is 100% (being 110% - 100%), so 100% is used in the 
second part of the formula. 
(c) 
What is MIN [90%; [Relevant Final Performance - 10%]]? 
90% is less than 100%, and so 90% is multiplied by 1/90% in the first part of the formula, rather 
than 100%. 
(d) 
Re-inserting the variables 
Once these variables are re-inserted into the formula, the calculation is 1/90% × 90% + 7%, 
which is equal to 107%. 
(5) 
Cash Settlement Amount for Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant is: 
 
GBP 
1,000 
x 
(The Face Value of the Call Warrant) 
 
 
107% 
 
(The percentage ascertained from the formula) 
 
GBP 
1,070 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Call Warrant 
(6) 
Total Cash Settlement Amount 
The total amount which the investor will receive upon exercising this pair of Warrants will be: 
 
GBP 
0 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount for the Put Warrant) 
 
+ 
1,070 
 
(The Cash Settlement Amount for the Call Warrant) 
 
GBP 
1,070 
 
The total amount received for this pair of Warrants 
 
Please note: The worked examples set out in this "Section III.1 – Description of the Warrants" are 
produced for illustrative purposes only. The analysis is based on simplifying assumptions and 
hypothetical figures, and does not reflect a complete analysis of all possible gain and loss scenarios that 
may arise under any actual investment in the Warrants. No representation or warranty is made by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates that any scenario shown above can be duplicated under any actual investment in 
Warrants. Actual results may vary from the results shown above, and variations may be material. The mark-
to-market value of the Warrants can fluctuate either upward or downward due to changes in prevailing 
market conditions. Accordingly, if an investment in Warrants is unwound, repurchased or otherwise 
exercised whether at or prior to its stated expiry, investors in such Warrants may sustain a loss which in a 
worst case scenario may be equal to their invested amount.

--- Page 493 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.2 – Form of Warrants and Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Warrants While in Global Form 
10231698288-v34 
- 481 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION III.2 – FORM OF WARRANTS AND SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Warrants may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Tranches or Series 
and will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) either (i) be offered in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act ("Regulation S") in uncertificated registered form ("Uncertificated Registered 
Warrants"), or (ii) be in registered form ("Registered Warrants") offered in reliance on Regulation S, 
and represented by a Regulation S global registered warrant (the "Regulation S Global Registered 
Warrant"). 
Regulation S Global Registered Warrants 
A Tranche of Registered Warrants will be offered and sold pursuant to Regulation S and will be issued in 
the form of Regulation S Global Registered Warrants. The Issuer will deliver a Regulation S Global 
Registered Warrant subject to the Master Warrant Issuance Agreement (as defined herein) in accordance 
with its terms. 
The Regulation S Global Registered Warrant will be deposited on or about the issue date for the relevant 
Tranche with, and registered in the name of the common depositary for, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. A beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Registered Warrant may at all times be held 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. In the circumstances described below under 
"Exchange and Transfer of Regulation S Global Registered Warrants for Regulation S Definitive Registered 
Warrants", interests in any Regulation S Global Registered Warrant will be exchangeable for Regulation S 
Definitive Registered Warrants. 
Each Regulation S Global Registered Warrant will have an ISIN number. 
Owner of Regulation S Global Registered Warrants and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Master Warrant Issuance Agreement relating to directions, sanctions 
and consents of Holders of Registered Warrants and to meetings of Holders of Warrants, so long as 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the nominee of their common depositary, is the registered owner 
or holder of a Regulation S Global Registered Warrant, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Warrants represented by 
such Regulation S Global Registered Warrant for all purposes under the Master Warrant Issuance 
Agreement and the Warrants. Payments on Regulation S Global Registered Warrants will be made to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder thereof. 
None of the Issuer, the Warrant Registrar, or any Warrant Agent or any affiliate of any of the above or any 
person by whom any of the above is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in Regulation S Global Registered Warrants or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. Each such payment in respect of a 
Regulation S Global Registered Warrant will be made to the person shown as the Holder thereof (or, in the 
case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant 
clearing system) on the business day on which each clearing system for which the Regulation S Global 
Registered Warrant is being held is open for business which is the business day of each such clearing system 
before the due date for such payment. 
Exchange and Transfer of Regulation S Global Registered Warrants for Regulation S Definitive 
Registered Warrants 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Warrant will be exchangeable, in whole but not in 
part, for Regulation S Definitive Registered Warrants: (i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or (ii) if the Issuer, at its option, 
elects to terminate the book entry system through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (iii) at the 
option of the Issuer, if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Warrants as a result 
of a change in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction which would not be suffered 
were the Warrants in definitive form; or (iv) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer, any Warrant Agent or 
the Warrant Registrar, by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of the United Kingdom, is or

--- Page 494 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.2 – Form of Warrants and Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Warrants While in Global Form 
10231698288-v34 
- 482 - 
70-41030487 
 
will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment under the Warrants which would 
not be required if such Warrants were in definitive form. 
In such circumstances, (a) the Warrant Registrar will be required to notify all Holders of interests in the 
relevant Regulation S Global Registered Warrants registered in the name of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or the nominee of their common depositary, as the case may be, of the availability of 
Regulation S Definitive Registered Warrants and (b) the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer, cause sufficient 
Regulation S Definitive Registered Warrants to be executed and delivered to the Warrant Registrar for 
completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant Holders. A person having an interest in the relevant 
Regulation S Global Registered Warrant must provide the Warrant Registrar with a written order containing 
instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Warrant Registrar may require to complete, 
execute and deliver the relevant Regulation S Definitive Registered Warrant. 
The holder of a Registered Warrant may transfer such Registered Warrant in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 2 (Form and Transfer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
The holder of a Regulation S Definitive Registered Warrant may transfer such Warrant by surrendering it 
at the specified office of the Warrant Registrar or any Warrant Transfer Agent, together with the completed 
form of transfer thereon. 
The Warrant Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Regulation S Global 
Registered Warrant for Regulation S Definitive Registered Warrants for a period of 15 calendar days 
preceding the due date for any payment in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 495 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 483 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION III.3 – PURCHASE AND SALE OF WARRANTS 
This section sets out details of the arrangements between the Issuer and the Manager(s) as to the offer and 
sale of Warrants and summarises selling restrictions that apply to the offer and sale of Warrants in various 
jurisdictions. 
General 
(1) 
Each Manager has, in a Master Warrant Issuance Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon 
which it may from time to time agree either as principal or agent of the Issuer to subscribe for or 
purchase, to underwrite or, as the case may be, to procure subscribers or purchasers for Warrants. 
When entering into any such agreement to subscribe for or purchase, to underwrite, or as the case 
may be, to procure subscribers for or purchasers for any particular Series of Warrants, the Issuer 
and the relevant Manager(s) will agree details relating to the form of such Warrants and the 
Conditions relating to such Warrants, the price at which such Warrants will be purchased by the 
relevant Manager(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable 
by the Issuer in respect of such subscription or purchase. The Master Warrant Issuance Agreement 
contains provisions for the Issuer to appoint other Managers from time to time either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Warrants. 
(2) 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the relevant 
Manager(s) that would permit a public offering of Warrants, or possession or distribution of any 
offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required other than in the Public Offer Jurisdictions. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the relevant Manager(s) to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Warrants or have in their possession or distribute this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
The Warrants have not been and may not be offered to any person in the Dubai International Financial 
Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms of any Warrants specifies the "Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"); and

--- Page 496 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 484 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Warrants. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to any Warrants if the Final Terms in respect of such Warrants specifies "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further 
Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (an "EEA Member State") except that it may make an offer of such Warrants 
to the public in that EEA Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those 
Warrants may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that 
EEA Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Warrants which has been approved by the competent authority in that EEA 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another EEA Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that EEA Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a 
drawdown prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Manager or Managers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Warrants to the public" in relation to any 
Warrants in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Warrants and the expression, "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Belgian Securities Laws 
Warrants are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers (as defined below). Accordingly, each Manager 
has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Warrants 
to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause 
to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
Warrants to Belgian Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 
février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for 
purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.

--- Page 497 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 485 - 
70-41030487 
 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional French Securities Laws 
(a) 
Offer to the public in France not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
An offer of Warrants to the public in France which is not exempted from the obligation to publish 
a prospectus set out in Article 3.1 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation") and the distributions or causing to be distributed to the public in France of this Base 
Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to such an offer of 
Warrants, will only be made in the period beginning on the date of publication of the Base 
Prospectus which has been approved by the competent authority of a Member State of the EEA 
and notified to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France, and ending at the latest on 
the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance 
with Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement 
général of the AMF, or 
(b) 
Offer to the public in France exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
Warrants may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, nor may this 
Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the offer of 
Warrants be distributed or caused to be distributed in France other than (i) to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or otherwise (ii) in compliance with 
all applicable French laws and regulations. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Republic of Italy Securities Laws 
The offering of the Warrants has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly no Warrants may be offered, 
sold or delivered, and no copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Warrants 
may be distributed, in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "EU Prospectus Regulation"); 
(2) 
that Warrants may be offered, sold or delivered, or copies of any prospectus relating to such 
Warrants may be distributed, in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of 
publication of such prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in another 
Member State or the United Kingdom and notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Decree 
No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 
11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; 
and 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the solicitation 
restrictions applies, as provided under the EU Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation 
No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Warrants or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Warrants in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended, Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 498 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 486 - 
70-41030487 
 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Warrants in the Republic of Italy the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers 
of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Warrants are placed 
solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in 
the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Warrants who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in 
addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Warrants were purchased, 
unless an exemption provided for under the EU Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Norway Securities Laws 
Warrants denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within 
the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers. Each purchaser of Warrants 
denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed 
that such Warrants may not be offered or resold within the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of 
Norwegian purchasers. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Spain Securities Laws 
The Warrants may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of 
the Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Guernsey 
The Warrants may only be offered or sold in, or from within the Bailiwick of Guernsey either (i) to or by 
persons licensed under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 or (ii) to persons 
licensed under the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 or (iii) to persons licensed 
under the Insurance Business (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 or (iv) to persons licensed under the 
Insurance Managers and Insurance Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 or (v) to licensees 
under the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc. (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 2020. 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and it is 
not intended that this Base Prospectus will be registered with the Guernsey Financial Services Commission 
under the Prospectus Rules and Guidance, 2021 on the basis that an offer will be in respect of Warrants to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Where the Warrants are not to be so listed and traded, the offer will not be made to the public in Guernsey. 
Therefore, the number of persons in Guernsey to whom an offer for Warrants that are not listed on Euronext 
Dublin is so communicated must not exceed fifty. 
Hong Kong 
Warrants (except for Warrants which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of 
any document other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O")or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. 
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Warrants, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) may be issued or held in the possession of the Issuer or any Manager or any 
other offeror nominated by the Issuer for the purpose of such issue of Warrants, whether in Hong Kong or

--- Page 499 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 487 - 
70-41030487 
 
elsewhere, other than with respect to Warrants which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO. 
Isle of Man 
Each Manager appointed under the Programme (other than the Issuer) will be required to represent and 
agree that it shall only offer or sell Warrants in or from the Isle of Man if it holds an appropriate financial 
services licence issued by the Isle of Man Financial Services Authority (the "FSA") under section 7 of the 
Isle of Man Financial Services Act 2008 (the "FS Act") or, where it does not hold such a licence, it shall 
only offer or sell Warrants to an "Isle of Man person" (within the meaning of the Isle of Man Regulated 
Activities Order 2011, as amended (the "Order")) where it is an "overseas person" (within the meaning of 
the Order) who is authorised to offer and sell the Warrants by a regulator outside the Isle of Man and either 
(i) the offer or sale of the Warrants is the direct result of an approach made to such Manager by or on behalf 
of the Isle of Man person which has not been solicited by such Manager (otherwise than by means of an 
advertisement which is neither targeted at Isle of Man persons nor disseminated by a medium which is 
targeted at Isle of Man persons); or (ii) the Isle of Man person: (A) holds a licence issued by the FSA under 
section 7 of the FS Act to carry on a regulated activity; or (B) is a person falling within exclusion 2(r) 
contained in Schedule 1 to the Order; or (C) is a person whose ordinary business activities involve him in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of shares or debentures (as principal or agent), for the purposes 
of his business. 
Japan 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"), and, accordingly, Warrants may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Jersey 
No consent under Article 8(2) of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 has been obtained in relation 
to the circulation in Jersey of any offer of Warrants and any such offer must be addressed exclusively to a 
restricted circle of persons in Jersey. For these purposes an offer is not addressed exclusively to a restricted 
circle of persons unless (i) the offer is addressed to an identifiable category of persons to whom it is directly 
communicated by the offeror or the offeror's appointed agent, (ii) the members of that category are the only 
persons who may accept the offer and they are in possession of sufficient information to be able to make a 
reasonable evaluation of the offer and (iii) the number of persons in Jersey to whom the offer is so 
communicated does not exceed fifty. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
The Warrants have not been and may not be offered or sold except that the Warrants may be marketed on 
a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors" for an offer 
outside Bahrain. 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person's principal place of residence; or 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund).

--- Page 500 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 488 - 
70-41030487 
 
People's Republic of China 
PRC Underlying 
Warrants linked to PRC securities (including PRC Securities underlying an Underlying Index) (the "PRC-
Linked Warrants") may not be offered or sold in the People's Republic of China (for the purpose of this 
section, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong 
Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan, the "PRC") directly or indirectly or offered or sold to any Domestic Investor, or to any person 
using funds to purchase the PRC-Linked Warrants sourced from any Domestic Investor, where "Domestic 
Investor" means: 
(a) 
PRC Citizens resident in the PRC; 
(b) 
PRC Citizens resident outside the PRC who are not permanent residents of another country or 
permanent residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan; and 
(c) 
legal entities registered in the PRC. 
"PRC Citizens" means any person holding a "Resident Identification Card" or other equivalent government 
issued identification of the PRC. 
Warrants may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC, except as permitted by the laws of 
the PRC. 
In respect of any Warrants, this Base Prospectus or any information obtained by reference herein relating 
to the Warrants does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the 
PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. This Base Prospectus, 
any information contained herein or the Warrants have not been, or will not be, submitted to, approved by, 
verified by or registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and thus may not be 
supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the 
Warrants in the PRC. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Warrants may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which 
would permit a public offering of any Warrants or distribution of this Base Prospectus in the PRC. 
Other Warrants 
In respect of Warrants other than PRC-Linked Warrants, the Warrants may only be invested in by the PRC 
investors that are authorised to engage in investing in the Warrants of the type being offered or sold. 
Investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant government approvals, verifications, licenses or 
registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, but not limited to, the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant 
PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange regulations and/ or overseas 
investment regulations. 
Peru 
The content of this Base Prospectus and the Warrants issued and traded hereunder, have not been reviewed 
nor authorised by the Capital Markets Superintendence (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores, the 
"SMV") nor the Private Pension Funds, Banking and Insurance Superintendence (Superintendencia de 
Banca, Seguros y AFP, the "SBS"). Therefore, investors will not benefit from protection of any of the 
aforementioned regulatory authorities. 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered with the Capital Markets Public Registry of the SMV 
nor the Lima Stock Exchange Registry ("RBVL") for their public offering in Peru under the Peruvian 
Capital Markets Law (Law N°861/ Supreme Decree N°093-2002) and the decrees and regulations 
thereunder. 
Consequently, Warrants may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, nor this Base Prospectus, any 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Warrants be distributed or caused to be

--- Page 501 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 489 - 
70-41030487 
 
distributed to the general public in Peru, unless the offering or selling of Warrants comply with the Private 
Offer Exemptions (as defined below). 
"Private Offer Exemptions" means an offer of Warrants, where no Mass-marketing is used, and made: 
(i) 
exclusively to institutional investors; or 
(ii) 
where the minimum investment amount is greater than or equal to approximately USD 155,000 
(either in a single transaction or in aggregate). 
"Mass-marketing" means a marketing strategy utilising mass distribution and mass media to offer, 
negotiate or distribute securities to the whole market. Mass media includes newspapers, magazines, radio, 
television, mail, meetings, social network, internet servers located in Peru, and other media or technology 
platforms. 
Republic of Ireland 
Each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Warrants otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 
(as amended), and any codes of conduct or rules issued in connection therewith and any conditions, 
requirements or enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Warrants, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of 
practice made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or any 
regulations made pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 
(as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the 
Warrants, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 or any delegated or implementing acts 
relating thereto, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the Companies Act 
2014 (as amended) and any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(d) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the 
Warrants, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended), Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament of the 
Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) and any rules issued under Section 1370 
of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Russia 
The Warrants have not been and will not be offered, transferred or sold as part of their initial distribution 
or at any time thereafter to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, 
established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the 
territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. The Warrants may not be offered or sold, nor may the Warrants be the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, nor may this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase of the Warrants be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or

--- Page 502 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 490 - 
70-41030487 
 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Warrants are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Warrants pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The Warrants are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and investors in the Warrants will not benefit from supervision 
by FINMA. Warrants issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective 
investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 
23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended. Warrants issued under the Programme are neither issued nor 
guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer. 
The Warrants may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Ordinance ("FinSO"), and no application has or will be made to admit the Warrants to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant to 
FinSA. Consequently, this Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Warrants may only be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland: 
1. 
if such offer is strictly limited to investors that qualify as professional clients ("Professional 
Clients", as set out below) according to Article 4 para. 3 FinSA and Article 5 para. 1 FinSO. 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be distributed or offered, and the Base Prospectus or any other 
marketing material relating to the Warrants may be made available to Professional Clients in 
Switzerland; in this case, the offering of the Warrants in, into or from Switzerland is exempt from 
the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under FinSA; or 
2. 
if such offer constitutes an exempt offer pursuant to specific provisions regarding exempt offers 
pursuant to Article 36 FinSA which (a) is addressed to less than 500 investors, (b) is only addressed 
to investors that purchase financial instruments in an amount of at least CHF 100,000 (or equivalent 
in other currencies), (c) has a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in other 
currencies), or (d) does not exceed the value of CHF 8 million (or equivalent in other currencies) 
calculated over a period of 12 months; in this case, the offering of the Warrants in, into or from 
Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under FinSA.

--- Page 503 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 491 - 
70-41030487 
 
Professional Clients in terms of FinSA specifically include: 
(a) 
Swiss regulated financial intermediaries such as banks, securities houses, fund management 
companies, asset managers of collective investments, or regular asset managers; 
(b) 
Swiss regulated insurance companies; 
(c) 
foreign entities which are subject to a prudential supervision under the laws of their incorporation 
of jurisdiction equivalent to that applicable to persons listed under paragraphs (a) and (b) above; 
(d) 
central banks; 
(e) 
public entities with professional treasury operations; 
(f) 
occupational pension schemes and other institutions whose purpose is to serve occupational 
pensions with professional treasury operations; 
(g) 
companies with professional treasury operations; 
(h) 
large companies; and 
(i) 
private investment structures with professional treasury operations created for high-net-worth 
private (retail) clients. 
In addition, high-net-worth private (retail) clients and private investment structures created for them may 
declare that they wish to be treated as Professional Clients in accordance with Article 5 FinSA (opting out). 
Notwithstanding the fact that this offer does not trigger the requirement to establish a prospectus under 
FinSA, in the case of offerings of Warrants that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" 
that will be made to private (retail) clients in, into or from Switzerland (as such expressions are understood 
under FinSA and FinSO), a key information document (KID) prepared in accordance with FinSA and 
FinSO or in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of November 26, 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs) must be made available. The Issuer reserves the right to make available a simplified 
prospectus pursuant to former Article 5 para. 2 CISA instead of a KID until the expiration of the grand-
fathering period, i.e. until the end of 2022. 
Taiwan 
Warrants and any documents relating to the Warrants are not permitted to be offered or distributed in 
Taiwan. 
Warrants linked to Taiwanese Reference Assets (including those underlying an Underlying Index) (for the 
purpose of this section, the "Taiwan-Linked Warrants") are not permitted to be sold to (i) a resident(s) of 
the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China ("Macau") and Taiwan, the "PRC") or an entity(ies) domiciled in the PRC ("PRC Person"), (ii) an 
entity(ies) other than a fund established outside the PRC (including such entity(ies) established in Hong 
Kong or Macau) that is controlled by a PRC Person(s), (iii) an entity(ies) other than a fund established 
outside the PRC (including such entity(ies) established in Hong Kong or Macau) which is more than thirty 
per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by a PRC Person(s) or (iv) a fund established outside the PRC 
(including a fund established in Hong Kong or Macau) which fund is: (A) a publicly offered fund the 
management company of which is not incorporated in the PRC, but is controlled or more than 30% owned, 
directly or indirectly, by PRC Persons or (B) a publicly offered fund the management company of which is 
incorporated in the PRC and the investments in the fund from PRC Persons exceeds 30% of assets under 
management; or (C) a privately placed fund which is controlled or more than 30% owned, directly or 
indirectly, by PRC Persons. 
Taiwan-Linked Warrants are not permitted to be sold to any holder utilising funds sourced from Taiwan or 
the PRC for the purposes of purchasing the Taiwan-Linked Warrants.

--- Page 504 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 492 - 
70-41030487 
 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
The Warrants have not been and may not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the United 
Arab Emirates (the "UAE") other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the 
issue, offering and sale of securities. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies 
the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Manager has represented and 
agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended ("EUWA"); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation: In relation to any Warrants if the 
Final Terms in respect of such Warrants specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Warrants to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Manager or Managers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of 
the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Warrants to the public" in relation to any 
Warrants means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Warrants and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 505 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.3 – Purchase and Sale of Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 493 - 
70-41030487 
 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
(a) 
An invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") may only be communicated or caused to 
be communicated in connection with the issue or sale of Warrants in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer. 
(b) 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect of anything done in 
connection with the Warrants in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, unless the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, Warrants may not be offered or sold to, or 
for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
regulation 23.23(a)(23)) at any time. 
Each Manager has agreed that, except as permitted by the Master Warrant Issuance Agreement: 
(1) 
if "40-day Distribution Compliance Period" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) it will not offer, sell or deliver Warrants at any time (whether as part of their distribution 
at any time or otherwise) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons and (b) it will send to each dealer to which it sells Warrants a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Warrants within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons; and 
(2) 
otherwise, (a) it will not offer, sell or deliver Warrants, (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Series of which such 
Warrants are a part, as certified to the Principal Warrant Agent or the Issuer by such Manager (or, 
in the case of a sale of a Series of Warrants to or through more than one Manager, by each of such 
Managers as to the Warrants of such Series purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal 
Warrant Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Manager when all such Managers have so 
certified), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, other than 
pursuant to Rule 144A, and (b) it will send to each dealer to which it sells Warrants during the 
periods referred to in (a)(i) and (ii) above a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Warrants within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
In addition: 
(1) 
if "40-day Distribution Compliance Period" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, an offer or sale of Warrants at any time within the United States by any dealer (whether or 
not participating in the offering of such Warrants) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; and 
(2) 
otherwise, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Warrants, an 
offer or sale of Warrants of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Warrants) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Uruguay 
Neither the Warrants nor the Issuer are registered with the Super intendency of Financial Services of the 
Central Bank of Uruguay allowing the Warrants to be publicly offered in Uruguay, since the placement 
qualifies as a private placement under section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627.

--- Page 506 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 494 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION III.4 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Warrants (the "Conditions") which apply to all Warrants 
and which are completed by the Final Terms for each issue of Warrants. 
The Warrants are issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") pursuant to a programme for the issuance of 
notes and warrants (the "Programme") established by the Issuer. The Warrants also have the benefit of a 
warrant agency agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated on or about 26 
May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Warrant Agency Agreement") 
made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental Europe (formerly known 
as HSBC France) as calculation agents (HSBC Bank plc or, as the case may be, HSBC Continental Europe 
being the "Calculation Agent" with respect to the Warrants, which expression shall include any successor 
or other Calculation Agent appointed pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as principal warrant agent (the "Principal Warrant Agent", which 
expression includes any successor or other principal warrant agent appointed pursuant to the Warrant 
Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and together with any successor or other 
warrant agent appointed pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement or the Computershare Agency 
Agreement (as defined below), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the "Warrant Agents"), HSBC 
Bank plc as authentication agent (the "Authentication Agent", which expression includes any successor 
or other authentication agent appointed pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank USA, National Association as warrant transfer agent (the "Warrant 
Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any successor or other warrant transfer agent appointed 
pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank USA, 
National Association as warrant registrar (the "Warrant Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor or other warrant registrar appointed pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and the other parties specified therein. 
In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with Computershare Investor Services PLC dated 
23 April 2010 (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Computershare Agency Agreement") appointing the latter as registrar and paying agent (the "CREST 
Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar and paying agent) with respect to 
Uncertificated Registered Warrants (as defined below) and has entered into a deed of covenant dated 27 
May 2021 (such deed, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Warrant 
Deed of Covenant") for the purposes of constituting Uncertificated Registered Warrants. 
As used herein, the expression "Warrant Agents" shall include the Principal Warrant Agent and any other 
warrant agents appointed pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement or the Computershare Agency 
Agreement. The Warrants also have the benefit of a master warrant issuance agreement dated 24 February 
1999 as most recently amended and restated on or about 26 May 2022 (as further modified and/or amended 
from time to time, the "Master Warrant Issuance Agreement") and made between, among others, the 
Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental Europe as Managers (each a "Manager" and together the 
"Managers"), which expression shall include any additional or successor Manager) and The Hongkong 
and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (which entity shall not be a manager for the purposes of the 
Warrants). 
Copies of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement and the Warrant Deed 
of Covenant are available for inspection by Holders (as defined below) of Warrants, and copies of the 
relevant Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and any supplemental base prospectus may be obtained in each 
case during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Principal Warrant Agent and the CREST 
Registrar, respectively. The Warrantholders (as defined in Condition 2 (Form and Transfer)) are entitled to 
the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions (including the form of 
Exercise Notice referred to in Condition 5 (Exercise Procedure)) of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the 
Computershare Agency Agreement and the Warrant Deed of Covenant. 
All Warrants will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each, a "Tranche") of Warrants issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be the subject of final 
terms (each, the "Final Terms"). In the case of a Tranche of Warrants in relation to which application has 
not been made to admit to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin or the Electronic Bond 
Market, being the regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT"), copies of the relevant Final 
Terms will only be available to a Holder (as defined in Condition 2 (Form and Transfer)) of such Warrants.

--- Page 507 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 495 - 
70-41030487 
 
Other than the issue date and the issue price, the Warrants of each Series will have identical terms and 
conditions. The Warrants of each Tranche will have identical terms and conditions. 
Words and expressions defined in the Warrant Agency Agreement or the Computershare Agency 
Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between any of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means such of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Costs of Hedging and/or Insolvency Filing, as are specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Series of Warrants and a Relevant 
Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in 
order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations in respect of the Warrants, all as determined by the Issuer; 
"Affected Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Warrants, the Relevant 
Benchmark affected by a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Alternative Exchange" means, in relation to any Securities, an exchange or quotation system on 
which the Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted and which is located in the same country 
as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union or the United Kingdom, in 
any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom), unless (in any such case) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the listing, trading or quotation on such exchange or quotation 
system will materially alter the risk profile of the Warrants (in which case such exchange or 
quotation system shall not constitute an "Alternative Exchange"); 
"Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Alternative Payment 
Currency as published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Alternative Payment Currency" means the currency, which may be Offshore RMB, specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such currency is specified, USD; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" means the relevant amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent converted in to the relevant Alternative Payment 
Currency using the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate" means 
(i) 
the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency and Alternative Payment Currency 
(expressed as the number of units of Alternative Payment Currency per one unit of 
Settlement Currency or the number of units of Settlement Currency per one unit of 
Alternative Payment Currency (as applicable)) published on the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time on the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the rate of exchange determined in accordance with, or derived from the Alternative 
Payment Cross Currency Rate and the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 508 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 496 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded up. If on an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date a Relevant Rate is not available 
for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (X)(A) or (X)(B), 
as applicable, of Condition 5(g) (Exercise Procedure – Price Source Disruption and FX 
Disruption) or, if Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
in its discretion; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date" means the fifth day (or such other number of days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the relevant Cash Settlement Payment Date or other 
date on which the relevant payment falls due (as appropriate). For the purposes of this definition, 
"day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for 
general business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdiction or place specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms, or if no such jurisdiction or place is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, the Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction and, if Cross 
Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency 
Jurisdiction; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page" means the Reuters or other screen page specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in 
the international exchange market; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time" means (i) the time and place specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in the 
case of a successor page to the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) if no such time and place is specified in the Final Terms, such time and place 
as the Calculation Agent determines; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if the Alternative Payment Currency is USD, the United States of America; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the relevant Final Terms as an "Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index" and which is not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and the determination of the Cash Settlement 
Amount, the arithmetic average of the Averaging Index Levels relating to such determination of 
the Cash Settlement Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent, rounded up to four decimal 
places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Average Security Price" means, in respect of a Security and the determination of the Cash 
Settlement Amount, the arithmetic average of the Averaging Security Prices relating to such 
determination of the Cash Settlement Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent, rounded 
up to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Averaging Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to a single Index or Security, each date specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising 
the Securities Basket, the Averaging Date in respect of such Index or Security shall be the 
next date which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days);

--- Page 509 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 497 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Averaging Index Level" means (a) with respect to an Index and an Averaging Date, the level of 
the relevant Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange on such Averaging Date or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index and an 
Averaging Date, the official closing level of such Multiple Exchange Index on such Averaging 
Date as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case, as rounded up to four decimal 
places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Averaging Security Price" means with respect to a Security and an Averaging Date, the price of 
the relevant Security as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Exchange on such Averaging Date, as rounded up to four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up); 
"Basket" means, in respect of a Warrant, a basket composed of each Index or each Security (as the 
case may be) specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relative proportions indicated in the Final 
Terms; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Series of Warrants that references a Relevant Benchmark that is an interest 
rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate: 
(A) 
an Index Cessation Event; or 
(B) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Series of Warrants, an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Warrants 
and a Relevant Benchmark, the date on which the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Trigger 
Event has occurred; 
"Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Warrant in respect of which amounts are payable in Euro, a Euro Business 
Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Business Centre and on which the relevant Clearing System is 
open for business; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any other Warrant, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in each Business Centre and on which the relevant 
Clearing System is open for business; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cash Settlement Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 (Cash Settlement Amount); 
"Cash Settlement Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
if such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day or, if later, 5 Business Days 
following the Exercise Date; 
"Change in Law" means, in relation to any Warrants, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it will, or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will, with the passing of time, or it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its 
designated affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the 
sale or disposal of, Securities, Component Securities or other components comprised in an Index 
relating to such Warrants or any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity 
price risk or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, any currency risk, of the

--- Page 510 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 498 - 
70-41030487 
 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants or (y) it has become 
illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, acquire, purchase, sell or maintain 
one or more (i) positions or contracts in respect of any securities, options, futures, derivatives or 
foreign exchange in relation to such Warrants, or in relation to the Issuer's hedging activities in 
connection with the Warrants or in relation to the hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its 
designated affiliates in connection with the Warrants, (ii) stock loan transactions in relation to such 
Warrants or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) held by the Issuer or 
any of its designated affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, such Warrants 
or (z) the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Clearing System" means, in relation to a Series of Warrants, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or CREST in which Warrants of the relevant Series are for the time being held, 
or in relation to an individual Warrant, in which that Warrant is for the time being is held, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in relation to any Securities, any day on which the 
principal domestic clearing system customarily used for settling trades in such Securities is (or, but 
for the occurrence of an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which such clearing 
system cannot clear the transfer of such securities, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions; 
"Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event" means the relevant Clearing System(s) ceases to 
accept payments in the Settlement Currency; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Component Security" means, with respect to an Index, each component security of that Index; 
"CREST" means Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited); 
"Cross Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if such 
currency is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency shall mean USD; 
"Cross Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Deferral Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5(g) (Exercise Procedure – Price 
Source Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Delisting" means (a) that the Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, 
the Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange or (b) that the Calculation Agent determines that listing or 
trading of Securities on the Exchange (or an Alternative Exchange) has not commenced and will 
not commence in the foreseeable future prior to the Expiry Date of the Warrants. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to each Depository Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depository Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented; 
"Depository" means, in relation to a Depository Receipt, the issuer of such Depository Receipt as 
appointed under the Deposit Agreement, including its successors from time to time; 
"Depository Receipt(s)" means any Security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided that if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated at any time, any reference to any 
Depository Receipt(s) shall thereafter be construed as a reference to the relevant Underlying 
Securities or relevant Replacement DRs, as applicable and as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Condition 21 (Events relating to DR-Linked Warrants); 
"Digital Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 511 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 499 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index (a) any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which a 
relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has 
occurred; (b) if the Warrants are Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Warrants, any 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of such Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or (c) in respect 
of such Index any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Index Sponsor fails to publish 
such Index; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, any Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Security on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Security has 
occurred; 
"DR-Linked Warrants" means a Series of Equity-Linked Warrants which relate to one or more 
Securities which are Depository Receipts; 
"Early Closure" means (a) the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange 
(in the case of Equity-Linked Warrants) or any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked 
Warrants) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day; or (b) if the Warrants are Multiple Exchange Index-Linked 
Warrants, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component 
Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"EMU Event" means the occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(i) 
the redenomination of any security into euro; 
(ii) 
the change by any organised market, exchange or clearing, payment or settlement system 
in the unit of account of its operating procedures to the euro; 
(iii) 
any change in the currency of denomination of any Index or any Security; or 
(iv) 
any change in the currency in which some or all of the securities or other property 
comprising any Index is denominated; 
"Equity-Linked Warrants" means a Series of Warrants in respect of which an amount, which 
shall be calculated by reference to the value of a Security or Securities and/or a formula, is payable 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"ETF" means the exchange traded fund or similarly traded or listed fund as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"ETF Adviser" means, with respect to an ETF, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment manager (including a non-discretionary 
investment manager to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary 
investment manager), as provided in the related ETF Documents;

--- Page 512 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 500 - 
70-41030487 
 
"ETF Documents" means, in relation to any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of such ETF specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETF, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
"Euro", "euro" "EUR", "€" each means the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Euro Business Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which TARGET2 is open for 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Exchange" means (a) with respect to a Security or an Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Security or the components 
of the Index, as the case may be, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Security or components, as the 
case may be, as on the original Exchange); or (b) in the case of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent (which exchange or 
quotation system as of the Issue Date may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms); 
provided, however, that if the Exchange (the "Original Exchange") announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, any Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and the 
Securities are re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an Alternative Exchange, then, so long as the 
Securities are not listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Original Exchange, such Alternative 
Exchange shall be the "Exchange" in relation to such Securities; 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
any relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange for such Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exercise Date" means, in respect of any Warrant, the day on which an Exercise Notice relating 
to that Warrant is delivered in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(a) (Exercise 
Procedure – Exercise Notice) or if Automatic Exercise is specified in the relevant Final Terms the 
Expiry Date, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(d) (Rights on Exercise – Automatic 
Exercise) provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if the Exercise Notice is delivered (A) on any day which is not a Business Day or (B) after 
10.00 a.m. (local time in the place where the Clearing System through which such 
Warrants are exercised is located) on any Business Day, then, in either such case, the 
Exercise Date shall be the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; and 
(ii) 
except as provided in (i) above, the Exercise Date may not be later than the Expiry Date; 
"Exchange Disruption" means (a) any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-
Linked Warrants) or on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the relevant Index (in the case of Index-Linked Warrants), or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, future or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Securities (in the case of Equity-Linked Warrants) or the relevant Index (in the case of Index-
Linked Warrants) on any relevant Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange 
Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange;

--- Page 513 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 501 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Exercise Notice" means any notice in the form Scheduled to the Warrant Agency Agreement or 
such other form as may from time to time be agreed by the Issuer and the Principal Warrant Agent 
which is delivered by a Warrantholder in accordance with Condition 5(a) (Exercise Procedure – 
Exercise Notice); 
"Expiry Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; provided, however, 
that if: 
(X) 
Automatic Exercise is specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, if the 
Scheduled Valuation Date on or immediately preceding the Expiry Date is postponed (x) 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) and/or (y) 
as a result of it not being a Scheduled Trading Day, the Expiry Date will be postponed, if 
needed, such that the Expiry Date shall fall one Exchange Business Day following the 
later of the postponed Scheduled Valuation Date and the Limit Valuation Date. In respect 
of a Warrant which relates to an Index Basket, the postponed Valuation Date or Limit 
Valuation Date referred to in this paragraph will be deemed to be, in respect of a Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the latest postponed Valuation Date or Limit Valuation Date, as 
applicable, occurring in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(Y) 
Automatic Exercise is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, if the 
Scheduled Valuation Date on or immediately preceding the Expiry Date is postponed (x) 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) and/or (y) 
as a result of it not being a Scheduled Trading Day, the Expiry Date will be postponed, if 
needed, such that the Expiry Date shall fall on the later of the postponed Scheduled 
Valuation Date and the Limit Valuation Date. In respect of a Warrant which relates to an 
Index Basket, the postponed Valuation Date or Limit Valuation Date referred to in this 
paragraph will be deemed to be, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Date, the latest 
postponed Valuation Date or Limit Valuation Date, as applicable, occurring in respect of 
such Scheduled Valuation Date; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means the amount per Security specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such amount is so specified, any dividend or the portion of any dividend which the 
Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an Extraordinary Dividend; 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
or existence of any of the following: 
(i) 
the ETF (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes 
a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C)(1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (y) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the

--- Page 514 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 502 - 
70-41030487 
 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in (A) to (E) above; 
(ii) 
the ETF has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETF 
or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency 
of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the ETF Documents or any contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the ETF or any of its assets; 
(iii) 
the resignation, termination or replacement of the ETF Adviser; 
(iv) 
any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of the Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the Issue Date; 
(v) 
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF 
Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Units or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(vi) 
the Issuer, or any of its affiliates, is unable, or it is impractical for it, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate 
to hedge the price risk relating to the Units of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability 
has arisen by reason of (1) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the 
ETF on any investor's ability to redeem the Units, in whole or in part, or any existing or 
new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such Units, or (2) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Units imposed by the ETF (in each 
case other than any restriction in existence on the Issue Date); 
(vii) 
(A) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Units or 
the ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Units or 
the ETF, (B) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Units or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (C) the ETF 
or the ETF Adviser becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(A) the occurrence of any event affecting the Units that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable to determine the value of 
the Units, and such event is likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to 
continue for the foreseeable future; or (B) any failure of the ETF to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered (1) information that the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or (2) information that has been previously delivered 
to the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for it to monitor the ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Units; 
(ix) 
on or after the Strike Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the Units, or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(x) 
the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on 
the Strike Date) amount of tax (including potential taxes which the Calculation Agent

--- Page 515 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 503 - 
70-41030487 
 
considers may arise), duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk relating to the Units of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Extraordinary ETF Event; and 
(xi) 
(A) the cancellation or cessation of any Underlying Index or (B) a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating or any other material modification to any 
Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain such Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) or (C) the relevant sponsor of any Underlying 
Index fails to calculate and announce such Underlying Index; 
"Extraordinary Event" means (a) in all cases other than where the Final Terms specifies that the 
Securities are Units in an ETF, a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting (b) in the case where the Final Terms specifies that the Securities are Units in an ETF, a 
Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or Extraordinary ETF Event; 
"Face Value" means, in respect of a Warrant, the face value of such Warrant identified or specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fair Market Value" means, in relation to any Warrant which is to be terminated early, its fair 
market value immediately prior to the early termination date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in consultation with the Issuer, in respect only of Warrants that are not Italian Warrants, 
less any reasonable costs and expenses of the Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding 
any underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements, and any such calculation of 
the fair market value shall have the effect of preserving for the Warrantholders the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Warrants which 
would, but for such early termination, have fallen due after the relevant early termination date; 
"Final Index Level" means, with respect to an Index, (a) the level of such Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Final Valuation 
Date or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, the official closing level of such Index on 
the Final Valuation Date as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case, as rounded 
up to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Final Security Price" means, with respect to a Security, (a) the price of such Security as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
Final Valuation Date, as rounded up to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Final Index Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index, if no Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[ Final Index Level
Initial Index Level] ×100% 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index, if Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Averaging Dates in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[Average Index Level
Initial Index Level ] ×100%

--- Page 516 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 504 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Final Security Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Security, if no Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Final Valuation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[ Final Security Price
Initial Security Price] ×100% 
(ii) 
in relation to a Security, if Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Averaging Dates in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[Average Security Price
Initial Security Price ] ×100% 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of any Index comprising the Index Basket or Security comprising the Securities 
Basket, the Final Valuation Date in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next date 
which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
"FX Disruption Event" means, the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent of (i) (a) 
an Inconvertibility, (b) Non-transferability, (c) Illiquidity, or (d) any other event affecting the 
Settlement Currency (the "FX Disruption Relevant Currency") which would make it unlawful 
or impractical in whole or in part (including without limitation, as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any 
requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial power) for the 
Issuer (or the Issuer's affiliate) to pay or receive amounts in the FX Disruption Relevant Currency 
under or in respect of any hedging arrangement relating to or connected with the FX Disruption 
Relevant Currency; or (ii) if Offshore RMB is specified as the applicable FX Disruption Relevant 
Currency, each of the events specified in (i) above, plus an Offshore RMB Disruption; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or, where the Settlement Currency is specified 
to be RMB, in the PRC and each Offshore RMB Centre; 
"Government Bonds" means, in relation to a Series of Warrants, bonds or any other debt securities 
issued by a government, government agency or subdivision or a transnational or supranational 
organisation as specified in the relevant Final Terms and "Government Bond" shall be construed 
accordingly 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates is unable or it is or 
has become not reasonably practicable, or it has otherwise become undesirable, for any reason, for 
the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates wholly or partially after using commercially reasonable 
efforts and acting in good faith, to (A) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or desirable to hedge the 
equity or any other price risk (including, but not limited to, any currency risk) of entering into and 
performing the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Warrants or (B) realise, recover, receive, 
transfer or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or (C) without prejudice to (B) 
above, transfer amounts denominated in the Settlement Currency (1) from accounts inside the

--- Page 517 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 505 - 
70-41030487 
 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction (2) 
between accounts inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (3) to a party that is a non-resident 
of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (D) without prejudice to (B) and (C) above, convert the 
Settlement Currency into an Alternative Payment Currency; 
"Holder" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Transfer); 
"Illiquidity" means where the foreign exchange market in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
becomes illiquid after the Trade Date and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Settlement Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Warrants 
as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
following consultation (if practicable) with two Reference Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Warrants in the foreign exchange market 
in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates would incur 
materially increased costs (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date), including, 
without limitation, amount of tax (including any potential tax which the Calculation Agent 
considers may arise), duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) hold, acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge equity or any other relevant price risk (including without limitation, any 
currency risk) of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Warrants or 
(B) realise, recover, receive, transfer or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or its designated affiliates, as applicable, shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Index" means, in relation to a Series of Warrants, the index to which such Warrant relates, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 18 (Adjustments 
to Indices) and Condition 20 (Additional Disruption Events) and "Indices" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Index Basket" means, in relation to a Series of Warrants, the basket of indices to which such 
Series of Warrants relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 18 (Adjustments to Indices) and Condition 20 (Additional Disruption Events), and 
"Index Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which is a Reference Rate 
or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Issuer, of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication,

--- Page 518 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 506 - 
70-41030487 
 
there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark; 
(c) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is the Sterling London interbank offered rate, the Swiss Franc 
London interbank offered rate, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate, the Euro 
London interbank offered rate or the Japanese Yen London interbank offered rate (each, a 
"Specified Rate"), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Relevant Benchmark announcing that (i) the 
regulatory supervisor has determined that such Relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be,  representative, of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (ii) it is being made in the awareness that the 
statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; 
(d) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is SOR, if SOR for a tenor equal to the relevant Interest Period 
(the "relevant tenor") is not published by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. 
(or any successor administrator) (the "SOR Administrator") or an authorised distributor 
and is not otherwise provided by the SOR Administrator, and as of the day that is two 
Singapore and London Banking Days (as defined below) preceding the next following 
Interest Payment Date, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate for the relevant tenor 
has been permanently discontinued or is Non-Representative (as defined below) and there 
is either no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been permanently 
discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is longer than the 
relevant tenor or no U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate which has not been 
permanently discontinued and which is not Non-Representative for a period which is 
shorter than the relevant tenor (and for these purposes (x) the U.S. Dollar London 
interbank offered rate in a particular tenor shall be "Non-Representative" if the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such rate (i) has determined and announced that such 
rate in such tenor is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that such rate is intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored and (ii) is 
aware that certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts have been or are 
engaged, and (y) a "Singapore and London Banking Day" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Singapore and London); 
(e) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is not a Specified Rate, the making of a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark that, in the view of such supervisor or 
administrator, the Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; 
(f) 
in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which consists of an Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 9A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) and which has an Underlying Fallback Rate, a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Underlying Fallback Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Underlying Fallback 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Underlying 
Fallback Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Underlying Fallback Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Underlying Fallback Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Underlying Fallback Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Underlying Fallback Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Underlying Fallback Rate (and, for these purposes, an "Underlying Fallback Rate" 
in relation to such a Relevant Benchmark shall be such rate (if any) as the Issuer 
determines is the rate underlying such Relevant Benchmark); or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark as a

--- Page 519 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 507 - 
70-41030487 
 
consequence of which the Relevant Benchmark will, on or before a specified date (i) be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Warrants or (ii) be recommended for 
informational purposes only rather than for use as a benchmark reference rate for securities 
such as the Warrants; 
Index-Linked Warrants" means a Series of Warrants in respect of which an amount calculated 
by reference to an Index or Indices and/or a formula is payable (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
"Index Rules" means, in respect of an Index, the rules of such Index Sponsor in relation to the 
Index, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms and any successor corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index 
on a regular basis during or at the end of each Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Index Substitution Notice" means a notice specifying a Substitute Index to be substituted for the 
Index and the date as of which such substitution is to take effect; 
"Initial Index Level" means with respect to an Index, the level of such Index specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such level is so specified, the level of such Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date or, 
with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, the official closing level of such Index on the Strike 
Date as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, each as rounded up to four decimal places 
(with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Initial Security Price" means with respect to a Security, the price specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such price is so specified, the price of such Security as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, as 
rounded up to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up); 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an Underlying 
Company, (A) all the Securities of that Underlying Company are required to be transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Securities of that Underlying 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of the Securities institutes or has instituted against it by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the issuer of the Securities shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing; 
"IRC" means U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Warrants" means Warrants for which it is specified in the Final Terms that an application 
is expected to be made for the Warrants to be admitted to the official list of the Italian Stock 
Exchange; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
"Limit Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days);

--- Page 520 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 508 - 
70-41030487 
 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the city in which the Principal Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent, or the Warrant 
Registrar or the Warrant Transfer Agent, to which the relevant Warrant is presented for payment 
is located; 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(A) in respect of an Index (a) the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure 
provided that if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Security at any time, 
then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component 
Security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of 
such Market Disruption Event; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(1) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of (aa) a Trading 
Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded, OR (cc) an Early Closure; AND (2) the aggregate of all Component 
Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early 
Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such Index 
of: (aa) a Trading Disruption, (bb) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (cc) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Multiple 
Exchange Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component 
Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the 
level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index 
attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using 
the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor of such Index as part of the 
market "opening data"; and 
(B) in respect of a Security, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure; 
"Merger Event" means in respect of any relevant Securities, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Securities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Underlying Company with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Securities 
of the Underlying Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Securities (other than such Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Underlying Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Securities 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Securities (other than Securities owned or controlled by 
such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Securities immediately following such event, in each case if the closing date of 
a Merger Event (or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to

--- Page 521 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 509 - 
70-41030487 
 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent) is on or before the 
Final Valuation Date; 
If the Warrants are DR-Linked Warrants, "Merger Event" shall include the occurrence of any of 
the events described in (i) to (iv) (inclusive) above in relation to the relevant Underlying Securities; 
"Minimum Exercise Number" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 (Minimum Number of 
Warrants Exercisable); 
"Multiple Exchange Index" means an Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Warrants" means Warrants which relate to a Multiple 
Exchange Index; 
"National Currency Unit" means the national currency unit of any Participating Member State 
that becomes a denomination of the euro by reason of Council Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97, 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 or any other applicable laws; 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Securities (or, if the Warrants are DR-Linked Warrants, the 
relevant Underlying Securities) or all or substantially all the assets of an Underlying Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority or entity; 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given to it in Condition 16 (Substitution); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to transfer Settlement Currency between accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to an account 
outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or from an account outside the Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction to an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"Offshore RMB" means RMB that is freely deliverable between accounts in the Offshore RMB 
Centre in accordance with the law and applicable regulation and guidelines issued by relevant 
authorities in the Offshore RMB Centre prevailing as of the Trade Date of the Warrants; 
"Offshore RMB Centre" means either Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan or any other jurisdiction 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Offshore RMB Disruption" means the occurrence of, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
an Offshore RMB Inconvertibility, Offshore RMB Non-Transferability or Offshore RMB 
Illiquidity; 
"Offshore RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes 
it impossible (where it has previously been possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an 
offer price in respect of any amount in Offshore RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay an 
amount under the Warrants (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"), in each case on the due date for 
payment or Valuation Date, either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of 
transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant Disrupted Amount, in the 
general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre in order to perform its 
obligations under the Warrants; 
"Offshore RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that 
makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of 
Offshore RMB no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount into or from USD (or, if the Settlement 
Currency specified in the Final Terms is other than USD, then such Settlement Currency) in the 
general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the

--- Page 522 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 510 - 
70-41030487 
 
Trade Date of the Warrants and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Offshore RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence in each Offshore RMB Centre of 
any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for 
the Issuer to transfer Offshore RMB (i) between accounts inside an Offshore RMB Centre, (ii) 
from an account inside an Offshore RMB Centre to an account outside such Offshore RMB Centre 
and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore RMB Centre and outside the 
PRC to an account inside such Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the 
Warrants and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). For the purpose of Offshore RMB Non-Transferability and Hong 
Kong as an Offshore RMB Centre only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account 
with the People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be 
deemed to be an account inside Hong Kong; 
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has adopted 
or adopts the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Participation" means the percentage in excess of 100% specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Permitted Multiple" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 (Minimum Number of Warrants 
Exercisable); 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means (i) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of 
relevant Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Securities to existing holders whether by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or (ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Securities of (A) such Securities 
or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Underlying Company equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Securities or (C) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or (iii) an Extraordinary Dividend; or (iv) a call by the 
Underlying Company in respect of relevant Securities that are not fully paid; or (v) a repurchase 
by the Underlying Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Securities whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or (vi) 
in respect of the Underlying Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the Underlying Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or (vii) any other event that may have a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities; or (viii) any other event 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
With respect to Depository Receipts, "Potential Adjustment Event" shall also include (x) the 
occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (viii) (inclusive) above in respect of the relevant 
Underlying Securities, provided that the occurrence of any of the events described in (i) to (vi) 
(inclusive) in respect of the relevant Underlying Securities shall not constitute a Potential 
Adjustment Event unless, the Calculation Agent determines that such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Securities and (y) the making of any amendment 
or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement; 
"PRC" means, solely for the purpose stated herein, the People's Republic of China excluding the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong") and 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan;

--- Page 523 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 511 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, such Relevant Rate is not 
available for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Protection Level" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Dealers" means leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Related Exchange" means, subject to the proviso below, in respect of an Index or Security, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index or Security in the relevant Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Security 
as on the original Related Exchange) provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified 
as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean in respect 
of an Index or Security each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index or Security, as the case may be; 
"Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Warrants on which the amount payable 
is calculated by reference to the Relevant Rate determined on the related Scheduled FX Fixing 
Date; 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Warrants: 
(a) 
each interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable to such Warrants (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in such interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate); 
(b) 
each Relevant Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such 
Warrants (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to 
in such Relevant Rate); 
(c) 
each Index specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Warrants (or, 
if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Index); 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such Warrants. 
To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source constitutes an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 9A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), such index, benchmark or price source, as applicable, shall be a "Relevant 
Benchmark" from the day on which it is first used; 
"Relevant Benchmark Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Warrants and a 
Relevant Benchmark, a date on which such Relevant Benchmark falls to be determined in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
"Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date" means, in relation to any Series of Warrants, a 
Relevant Benchmark and a Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, any payment date under the 
Warrants for which the amount payable is calculated by reference to the Relevant Benchmark as 
determined on such Relevant Benchmark Determination Date; 
"Relevant Currency Business Day" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate that is the Alternative 
Payment Currency Exchange Rate or Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate or Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate, an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date;

--- Page 524 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 512 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Relevant Final Performance" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index-Linked Warrant, the Final Index Performance of an Index or the 
weighted arithmetic average of the Final Index Performance of each constituent Index in 
the Index Basket; or 
(ii) 
in relation an Equity-Linked Warrant; the Final Security Performance of a Security or the 
weighted arithmetic average of the Final Security Performance of each constituent 
Security in the Securities Basket, 
in each case, as is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation to the 
calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
"Relevant Level" means the Final Index Level or the Average Index Level as is specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is 
denominated, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, (iii) a 
group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; 
"Relevant Price" means the Final Security Price or the Average Security Price, as is specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate, Alternative Payment 
Cross Currency Rate or Settlement Currency Exchange Rate (as applicable); 
"Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Series of Warrants where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is an Index, 
Condition 18(c) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Cancellation), as if the relevant 
Benchmark Trigger Event were an Index Cancellation; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Series of Warrants where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is a Relevant 
Rate, if "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, Condition 5(g) (Exercise Procedure – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), 
as if the relevant Benchmark Trigger Event were a Price Source Disruption; 
"Replacement DRs" means, if the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated, any depository 
receipts which the Calculation Agent determines, in accordance with Condition 21 (Events relating 
to DR-Linked Warrants) are to replace the Depository Receipts constituted by such terminated 
Deposit Agreement; 
"Replacement Index" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9A(a)(ii)(A) (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event); 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date specified in the relevant Final Terms that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours;

--- Page 525 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 513 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Scheduled Final Averaging Date" means the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled FX Fixing Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 5(g) (Exercise Procedure – 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, or a Security (a) any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or (b) with respect to a Multiple Exchange Index, any 
day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and (ii) the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session or (c) any day on which 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Final Valuation Date; 
"Securities" means, in relation to a Series of Warrants, the equity securities, debt securities 
(including without limitation Government Bonds), depository receipts or other securities or 
property, as adjusted pursuant to Condition 19 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and 
Condition 20 (Additional Disruption Events), to which such Warrants relate, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and subject, in the case of a Series of Warrants linked to Depositary Receipts, 
to the provisions of Condition 22 (Events Relating to DR-Linked Warrants), or in the case of a 
Series of Warrants linked to Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 21 (Adjustments where 
the Securities are Units in an ETF) and Condition 23 (Warrants linked to Units in an ETF – 
General) and "Security" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
"Securities Basket" means in relation to a Series of Warrants, the basket of Securities to which 
such Warrants relates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) and Condition 20 (Additional 
Disruption Events) and "Securities Baskets" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Settlement Currency as 
published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Security or an Index, the period of Clearing System 
Business Days following a trade in the relevant Security or the securities underlying such Index, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such 
period); 
"SOR" means the synthetic rate for deposits in Singapore Dollars known as the Singapore Dollar 
Swap Offer Rate provided by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd., as the administrator 
of the benchmark (or a successor administrator); 
"Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day or 
such other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Strike Date" means, 
(a) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to a single Index or Security, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day); or

--- Page 526 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 514 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to an Index Basket or a Securities Basket, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of any Index or Security comprising the Index Basket or Securities Basket, as 
the case may be, the Strike Date in respect of such Index or Security shall be the next date 
which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index or Security), 
in each case, subject to the provisions of Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), which 
shall apply as if such Strike Date were the Final Valuation Date; 
"Substitute Index" means, in respect of an Index, a successor index identified by the Calculation 
Agent using commercially reasonable efforts, with characteristics, objectives and rules similar to 
such Index in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the Index Cancellation; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system, or any successor thereto; 
"Taxes" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a)(E) (Exercise Procedure – Exercise Notice); 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Underlying Company, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating 
to the Securities on the Exchange (in the case of Equity-Linked Warrants) or on any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index (in the case of Index-Linked Warrants); or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Index or Securities on any relevant Related Exchange; or (b) with respect to a Multiple 
Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any 
Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Underlying Company" means the issuer of the Security as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if the Warrants are DR-Linked Warrants, each of the Depository and the issuer of the relevant 
Underlying Security, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 19 
(Adjustments and Events affecting Securities), and subject, in the case of a Series of Warrants 
linked to Units in an ETF, to the provisions of Condition 23 (Warrants linked to Units in an ETF 
– General); 
"Underlying Index", in relation to an ETF, means each index to which such ETF relates; 
"Underlying Security" means, with respect to DR-Linked Warrants and a Depository Receipt, the 
security and any other property to which such Depository Receipt relates; 
"Unit", in relation to an ETF, has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, a day, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is not a Relevant Currency Business Day and the market was not aware of 
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until on or later than the second Relevant Currency Business Day (or such other 
number of Relevant Currency Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
preceding the Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America;

--- Page 527 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 515 - 
70-41030487 
 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of a Security or an Index (as applicable), a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Final 
Valuation Date does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Time" means (a) in relation to each Security to be valued or each Index (other than a 
Multiple Exchange Index) the level of which falls to be determined on any date, the time on such 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such date in relation to such Index or Security, as 
applicable. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation 
Time shall be such actual closing time; or (b) in relation to a Multiple Exchange Index (i) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred, 
in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such Index, the close of trading on the 
Related Exchange for such Index; and (c) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official 
closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor for such Index and/or 
set out in the Index Rules for such Index (as applicable); 
"Warrantholder" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Transfer); and 
"Weighting" means, in respect of each Index comprised in the relevant Basket, the percentage 
weighting assigned to such Index and specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Form and Transfer 
(a) 
Form 
Each Tranche of Warrants will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) either: 
(i) 
be offered in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") 
in uncertificated registered form ("Uncertificated Registered Warrants"); or 
(ii) 
be in registered form ("Registered Warrants") offered in reliance on Regulation 
S, and represented by a Regulation S global registered warrant (the "Regulation 
S Global Registered Warrant"). 
References in these Conditions to "Global Registered Warrants" are to the Regulation 
S Global Registered Warrant. 
Warrants may also be issued in definitive registered form and be represented by definitive 
registered warrants ("Definitive Registered Warrants"). 
(b) 
Registered Warrants 
(i) 
General; Title 
In the case of Registered Warrants, a certificate will be issued to each 
Warrantholder in respect of its registered holding. Each such certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the 
register (the "Register") maintained by the Warrant Registrar in respect of the 
Registered Warrants. In the case of the Registered Warrants, the person for the 
time being in whose name such Registered Warrant is so registered in the Register 
shall be the "Warrantholder" or "Holder" of the Warrants represented thereby 
and shall be treated by the Issuer, the Warrant Agent, the relevant Clearing 
System(s) and all other persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof, 
provided however that, for all purposes other than payment, the persons for the 
time being appearing in the books of the relevant Clearing System shall be treated 
as the Warrantholders and these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii) 
Transfer of Registered Warrants 
Title to Registered Warrants passes by registration in the Register.

--- Page 528 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 516 - 
70-41030487 
 
(iii) 
Regulations concerning transfer and registration of Registered Warrants 
All transfers of Registered Warrants and entries on the Register will be made 
subject to the detailed regulations (the "Regulations") concerning exchange and 
transfer of Registered Warrants scheduled to the Warrant Agency Agreement. 
The Regulations may be amended, supplemented or replaced by the Issuer with 
the prior written approval of the Warrant Registrar but without the consent of the 
Holders of any Warrants. A copy of the current Regulations are available for 
inspection during usual business hours at the specified office of the Warrant 
Registrar and the Warrant Transfer Agents. 
(c) 
Uncertificated Registered Warrants 
The Uncertificated Registered Warrants shall be issued in uncertificated registered form 
in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any 
modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the "Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations"). The Uncertificated Registered Warrants are participating 
securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Title to the 
Uncertificated Registered Warrants is recorded on the relevant Operator (as defined 
below) register of corporate securities. The CREST Registrar on behalf of the Issuer shall 
maintain a record of uncertified corporate securities (the "Record") in relation to the 
Uncertificated Registered Warrants and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated 
to reflect the Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the rules of the 
Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in 
the Record as the holder of a particular number of Uncertificated Registered Warrants 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the CREST Registrar as the holder of such number of 
Uncertificated 
Registered 
Warrants 
for 
all 
purposes 
(and 
the 
expressions 
"Warrantholder" and "Holder" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), 
and (ii) none of the Issuer and the CREST Registrar shall be liable in respect of any act or 
thing done or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that 
the particulars entered in the Record which the CREST Registrar maintains are in 
accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating 
to the Uncertificated Registered Warrants. 
Title to Uncertificated Registered Warrants will pass upon registration of the transfer in 
the Operator register of corporate securities. All transactions in relation to Uncertificated 
Registered Warrants (including transfers of Uncertificated Registered Warrants) in the 
open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the Operator subject to 
and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Operator. 
No provision of these Condition as amended in accordance with the relevant Final Terms 
shall (notwithstanding anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that 
it is in any respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of title to Uncertificated Registered 
Warrants in uncertificated form, (II) the transfer of title to Uncertificated Registered 
Warrants by means of a relevant system or (III) the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding 
anything contained in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms, so long as the 
Uncertificated Registered Warrants are participating securities, (A) the Operator register 
of corporate securities relating to the Uncertificated Registered Warrants shall be 
maintained at all times in the United Kingdom, (B) the Uncertificated Registered Warrants 
may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms in relation to any Uncertificated Registered Warrant shall 
remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such 
Uncertificated Registered Warrant. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating 
securities", "record of uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as 
defined in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such 
term is used in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations) is CREST or any additional or 
alternative operator from time to time approved by the Issuer and the CREST Registrar in

--- Page 529 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 517 - 
70-41030487 
 
relation to the Uncertificated Registered Warrants and in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Any reference herein to the "Operator" shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional 
or alternative Operator from time to time and notified to the holders of the Uncertificated 
Registered Warrants in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If at any time: 
(A) 
a Warrantholder ceases for any reason to be a member of CREST; or 
(B) 
the Uncertificated Registered Warrants cease for any reason to be participating 
securities capable of being held in CREST, 
then the Issuer shall, in accordance with the rules and procedures governing CREST, 
ensure that Registered Warrants are issued in exchange for the Uncertificated Registered 
Warrants and that such Registered Warrants are registered in such names as the Operator 
shall notify to the Issuer. 
3. 
Status of the Warrants 
The Warrants of each Series constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, at their date of issue, 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer for the time being outstanding. 
4. 
Rights on Exercise 
(a) 
"European Style" Exercise 
If the Warrants are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being European Style Warrants, 
then this Condition 4(a) (Rights on Exercise – "European Style" Exercise) is applicable 
and the Warrants are exercisable only on the Expiry Date, prior to termination of the 
Warrants as provided in the Conditions, provided that and subject to Condition 4(d) 
(Rights on Exercise – Automatic Exercise) below, any European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
5(a) (Exercise Procedure – Exercise Notice) shall become void in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Rights on Exercise – Warrants Void on Expiry). 
(b) 
Cash Settlement 
Subject to Condition 5(f) (Exercise Procedure – Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent), each Warrant, upon exercise, entitles the Holder thereof to receive 
from the Issuer on the Cash Settlement Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) a Cash Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 7 (Cash Settlement Amount)) 
in the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Cash Settlement 
Amount will be rounded down to the nearest minimum unit of the Settlement Currency, 
with Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder being aggregated for 
the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect of 
such Warrants. 
(c) 
Warrants Void on Expiry 
Warrants which are not deemed automatically exercised in accordance with 
Condition 4(d) (Rights on Exercise – Automatic Exercise) below and with respect to which 
an Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered to the relevant Clearing 
System and to the Principal Warrant Agent, in the manner set out in Condition 5 (Exercise 
Procedure), before 10.00 a.m. (local time in the place where the Clearing System through 
which such Warrants are exercised is located) on the Expiry Date, shall become void.

--- Page 530 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 518 - 
70-41030487 
 
(d) 
Automatic Exercise 
Notwithstanding Condition 4(c) (Rights on Exercise – Warrants Void on Expiry) unless 
Automatic Exercise is specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Warrant which in the determination of the Calculation Agent is "in-the-money" and with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
5 (Exercise Procedure) by the Expiry Date shall be automatically exercised by the 
Principal Warrant Agent on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiry Date and the 
provisions of Condition 5(h) (Exercise Procedure – Exercise Risk) shall apply and in these 
Conditions the expression "exercise" and any related expressions shall be construed to 
apply to any such Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with this 
Condition 4(d) (Rights on Exercise – Automatic Exercise). 
5. 
Exercise Procedure 
(a) 
Exercise Notice 
Subject to prior termination of the Warrants as provided in the Conditions, Warrants may 
be exercised on the Exercise Date by the sending of a fax or email (such email to be sent 
to ctla.payingagency@hsbc.com, or such other email address as notified to the 
Warrantholders by the Principal Warrant Agent from time to time), confirmed in writing, 
of a duly completed Exercise Notice (copies of which may be obtained from the relevant 
Clearing System or the Principal Warrant Agent) to the Principal Warrant Agent, not later 
than 10.00 a.m. (local time in the place where the Clearing System through which such 
Warrants are exercised is located) on the Expiry Date, subject to Condition 4(a) (Rights 
on Exercise – "European Style" Exercise). 
Subject to Condition 4(c) (Rights on Exercise – Warrants Void on Expiry), any Exercise 
Notice delivered after 10.00 a.m. (local time in the place where the Clearing System 
through which such Warrants are exercised) shall be null and void. 
Each Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the name, address, telephone and facsimile details of the Warrantholder 
in respect of the Warrants being exercised; 
(B) 
specify the number of Warrants of each Tranche being exercised (which must be 
not less than the Minimum Exercise Number (as defined in Condition 6 (Minimum 
Number of Warrants Exercisable)); 
(C) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing 
System to be debited with the Warrants being exercised and irrevocably instruct, 
or, as the case may be, confirm that the Warrantholder has irrevocably instructed, 
the relevant Clearing System to debit the Warrantholder's account with the 
Warrants being exercised and to credit the same to the account of the Principal 
Warrant Agent; 
(D) 
where applicable, specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the 
relevant Clearing System to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount for the 
Warrants being exercised; and 
(E) 
include an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties ("Taxes") due by reason of the exercise of 
the Warrants and an authority to the Issuer and the relevant Clearing System to 
deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to 
such Warrantholder or otherwise (on, or at any time after, the Cash Settlement 
Payment Date) to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder at the relevant 
Clearing System with an amount or amounts in respect thereof, all as provided in 
the Warrant Agency Agreement.

--- Page 531 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 519 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Verification of Warrantholder 
To exercise Warrants, the Holder must duly complete an Exercise Notice and must have 
Warrants in the amount being exercised in its securities account with the relevant Clearing 
System on the Exercise Date. The relevant Clearing System will, in accordance with its 
normal operating procedures, verify that each person exercising such Warrants is the 
Holder thereof according to the records of such Clearing System and that such Holder has 
an account at the relevant Clearing System which contains an amount equal to the number 
of Warrants being exercised. If the Exercise Notice is, in the determination of the relevant 
Clearing System, improperly completed or sufficient Warrants or sufficient funds equal to 
the number of Warrants being exercised are not available in the specified account(s) with 
the relevant Clearing System on the Exercise Date, the Exercise Notice will be treated as 
null and void and a new duly completed Exercise Notice must be submitted if exercise of 
the Holder's Warrants is still desired. 
On or prior to the Cash Settlement Payment Date, as the case may be, the relevant Clearing 
System will debit the Warrantholder's account with the Warrants being exercised. 
(c) 
Notification to Principal Warrant Agent 
The relevant Clearing System shall notify the Principal Warrant Agent in writing (with a 
copy to the Issuer) not later than 11.00 a.m. (local time in the place where the Clearing 
System through which such Warrants are exercised is located) on the Business Day 
immediately following the Exercise Date of the number of the account with such Clearing 
System to which the Cash Settlement Amount is to be credited for the benefit of the 
Warrantholder. 
(d) 
Debit of Warrantholder's Account 
The relevant Clearing System will on or before the Cash Settlement Payment Date debit 
the relevant account of the Warrantholder and credit the relevant account of the Principal 
Warrant Agent (in favour of the Issuer) with the Warrants being exercised. 
(e) 
Payment 
In respect of Warrants which have been exercised, the Calculation Agent shall by close of 
business or such other time as is specified in the relevant Final Terms on the date specified 
therefor in the relevant Final Terms determine the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) to be 
paid on the relevant Cash Settlement Payment Date in respect of the relevant Warrants 
provided that the Calculation Agent has received notification from the relevant Clearing 
System specifying the number of Warrants which have been exercised in accordance with 
Condition 5(a) (Exercise Procedure – Exercise Notice) and, shall notify the Issuer and the 
Principal Warrant Agent of such amounts on the Business Day following the date so 
specified. 
The Issuer will transfer to the Principal Warrant Agent the Cash Settlement Amount in 
respect of the Warrants being exercised, less any amount in respect of Taxes which the 
Issuer is authorised to deduct therefrom, for value on the Cash Settlement Payment Date, 
and the Principal Warrant Agent will cause the Warrantholder's account with the relevant 
Clearing System to be credited with such amount for value on the Cash Settlement 
Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid when due payments in respect of Uncertificated 
Registered Warrants to the relevant Warrantholder's cash memorandum account (as shown 
in the records of the Operator), such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of 
the Operator. Each of the persons shown in the Operator register of corporate securities as 
holder of a particular principal amount of Uncertificated Registered Warrants must look 
solely to the settlement bank or institution at which its cash memorandum account is held 
for its share of each such payment so made by or on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 532 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 520 - 
70-41030487 
 
(f) 
Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent 
If: 
(i) 
"Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, or is applicable in accordance with the proviso to 
Condition 5(g)(Y); or 
(ii) 
a Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then, if by reason of a FX Disruption Event or a Clearing System Currency Eligibility 
Event, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of the Warrants when due in the 
Settlement Currency, the Issuer may settle any such payment in U.S. dollars or any other 
currency specified as the Alternative Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms on the 
due date at the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent of any such amount due. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(f) (Exercise Procedure – Payment of Alternative Payment Currency 
Equivalent) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Warrant Agents and all Warrantholders. By 
acceptance thereof, purchasers of the Warrants will be deemed to have acknowledged and 
agreed and to have waived any and all actual or potential conflicts of interest that may 
arise as a result of the calculation of the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption 
(X) 
If "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then, if on any day on which the Calculation Agent is required to 
determine a Relevant Rate (a "Scheduled FX Fixing Date"): 
(A) 
a Price Source Disruption occurs, (other than as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday), the Calculation Agent shall: 
(1) 
determine the Relevant Rate by reference to the rate of exchange 
published by available recognised financial information vendors 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) on the Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date (the "Fall-Back Reference Price"); or 
(2) 
unless the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable, in 
the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
Fall-Back Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) 
above or the Calculation Agent determines that the Fall-Back 
Reference Price so determined does not accurately represent the 
rate which the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer 
would be able to obtain in the general foreign exchange market, 
the Calculation Agent will on the Scheduled FX Fixing Date 
request four Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of their 
rate for the Relevant Rate on such day. If at least two quotations 
are provided, the Relevant Rate will be the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations; and 
(3) 
if (i) the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable and 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a Fall-Back 
Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) above or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fall-Back Reference 
Price so determined does not accurately represent the rate which 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer would be able 
to obtain in the general foreign exchange market; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Rate determined 
in accordance with paragraph (2) above does not accurately

--- Page 533 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 521 - 
70-41030487 
 
represent the rate which the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer would be able to obtain in the general foreign 
exchange market; or (iii) fewer than 2 quotations are provided 
by Reference Dealers following the Calculation Agent's request 
pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Rate on the first succeeding Business 
Day on which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist; 
provided, however, that if the Price Source Disruption 
continues for thirty consecutive calendar days (or such other 
number of calendar days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (the "FX Cut-
off Date"), the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the Relevant Rate on that FX Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
an Unscheduled Holiday occurs (whether or not a Price Source 
Disruption also occurs), the Scheduled FX Fixing Date for such Relevant 
Rate and all other Relevant Rates which have the same Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date shall be postponed to the first succeeding Relevant Currency 
Business Day; provided, however that in the event that the Scheduled 
FX Fixing Date is postponed as a result of the occurrence of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (a "Postponed FX Fixing Day"), and if the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day has not occurred on or before the thirtieth 
consecutive calendar day (or such other number of calendar days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing 
Date (any such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after 
the Deferral Period that is or would have been a Relevant Currency 
Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the 
Postponed FX Fixing Day and the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
good faith estimate of the Relevant Rate on that Postponed FX Fixing 
Day. 
(Y) 
If at any time, a FX Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may elect to either: 
(A) 
unless Termination following FX Disruption Event is specified as being 
not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, having given not less than five 
days' notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), terminate all, but not some only, of the Warrants at their Early 
Termination Amount (and, if the FX Disruption Event occurs on a 
Scheduled FX Fixing Date on which there is a Price Source Disruption 
or Unscheduled Holiday, and the Early Termination Amount is specified 
as being Fair Market Value in the relevant Final Terms, for the purposes 
of determining such Fair Market Value the Calculation Agent shall first 
determine any Relevant Rate (A) in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(X)(A) or (X)(B) above, as applicable, of Condition 5(g) (Exercise 
Procedure – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) if "Price 
Source Disruption" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
or, otherwise (B) on the date notified to the Warrantholders); or 
(B) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
Conditions as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or 
account for any market practice that develops in respect of the FX 
Disruption Event, 
provided, however that in relation to sub-paragraphs (Y)(A) and (Y)(B) above, if as a 
result of the FX Disruption Event the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of 
the Warrants when due in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer may settle any such payment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5(f) (Exercise Procedure – Payment of Alternative 
Payment Currency Equivalent).

--- Page 534 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 522 - 
70-41030487 
 
If a Scheduled FX Fixing Date is postponed in accordance with this Condition 5(g) 
(Exercise Procedure – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), any Related Payment 
Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that the Related Payment Date shall fall at 
least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date 
or, if later, the FX Cut-off Date or Postponed FX Fixing Day, as applicable. 
(h) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants and in payment by the Issuer and the Principal Warrant Agent 
will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations and practices 
in force at the relevant time (including, without limitation, any relevant exchange control 
laws or regulations and the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System) and 
neither the Issuer nor the Principal Warrant Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it 
is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a 
result of any such laws, regulations and practices. Neither the Issuer nor the Principal 
Warrant Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of any 
Clearing System in the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
(i) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made by the relevant Clearing System, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Warrant Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. Any Exercise Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not copied to the Principal 
Warrant Agent immediately after being sent to the relevant Clearing System, shall be null 
and void. If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the 
relevant Clearing System, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the 
time such correction is delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
(j) 
Effect of Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by 
the Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified therein, provided that the person 
exercising and delivering such Exercise Notice is the person then appearing in the books 
of the relevant Clearing System as the Holder of the relevant Warrants. If the person 
exercising and delivering the Exercise Notice is not the person so appearing, such Exercise 
Notice shall for all purposes become null and void and shall be deemed not to have been 
so delivered. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than an Exercise Notice which shall 
become void pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Exercise Procedure – Exercise Notice), the 
Warrantholder specified in such Exercise Notice may not otherwise transfer such 
Warrants. Notwithstanding this, if any Warrantholder does so transfer or attempt to 
transfer such Warrants, the Warrantholder will be liable to the Issuer for any losses, costs 
and expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a 
consequence of it having terminated any related hedging operations in reliance on the 
relevant Exercise Notice and subsequently (i) entering into replacement hedging 
operations in respect of such Warrants or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent 
exercise of such Warrants without having entered into any replacement hedging 
operations. 
6. 
Minimum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
The Warrants are exercisable in the minimum number (the "Minimum Exercise Number") 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and integral multiples thereof (or, if a "Permitted Multiple" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, integral multiples of the Permitted Multiple) on any 
particular occasion or such lesser Minimum Exercise Number or other Permitted Multiple as the 
Issuer may from time to time notify to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices).

--- Page 535 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 523 - 
70-41030487 
 
7. 
Cash Settlement Amount 
Subject to Condition 5(f) (Exercise Procedure – Payment of Alternative Currency Equivalent), the 
amount payable by the Issuer to the Holder pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Rights on Exercise – Cash 
Settlement) (the "Cash Settlement Amount") means a cash amount calculated in accordance with 
this Condition. 
(a) 
Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
If Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash Settlement 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an amount 
equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]] 
(b) 
Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash Settlement 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an amount 
equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+Participation×MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-100%] 
(c) 
Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash 
Settlement Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+MIN [Cap; Participation×MAX [0; Relevant Final Performanc
(d) 
Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
If Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash 
Settlement Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]]-MIN [100% -Protection Level; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Fina

--- Page 536 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 524 - 
70-41030487 
 
(e) 
Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash 
Settlement Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than 100%, the 
result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+Participation×[Relevant Final Performance-100%]; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than 100%, the result of the 
following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]] 
(f) 
Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant is specified in relation to the 
Cash Settlement Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall 
be an amount equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than 100%, the 
result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+MIN [Cap; Participation × 
[Relevant Final Performance-100%]]; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than 100%, the result of the 
following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance - 10%]]. 
(g) 
Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant 
If Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash Settlement 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an amount 
equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
the result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Final Performance]]-MIN [100% -Protection Level; MAX [0; 100%-Relevant Fina

--- Page 537 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 525 - 
70-41030487 
 
(h) 
Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant 
If Digital Cash Settlement Call Warrant is specified in relation to the Cash Settlement 
Amount in the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall be an amount 
equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Face Value; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is equal to or greater than 100%, the 
result of the following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]+Digital Amount; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Final Performance is less than 100%, the result of the 
following formula: 
1
90 %×MIN [90%; MAX [0; Relevant Final Performance-10%]]. 
8. 
Effects of European Economic and Monetary Union 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment (and determine the effective date of such adjustment) as it determines 
appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Cash Settlement Amount and any other variable 
relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment terms of the relevant Warrants which in 
the discretion of the Calculation Agent have been or may be affected by such EMU Event. 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing, the Issuer shall be entitled to: (i) make such conversions between amounts 
denominated in the National Currency Units of the member states of the European Union 
that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty and the euro, and the 
euro and the National Currency Units, in each case, in accordance with the conversion 
rates and rounding rules established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the 
Treaty as it, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, considers 
appropriate; (ii) make all payments in respect of the Warrants solely in euro as though 
references in the Warrants to the relevant National Currency Units were to euro and (iii) 
make such adjustments as it, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
considers necessary to the formula for the Cash Settlement Amount and any other amount 
as it determines, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, to be 
appropriate. 
(c) 
None of the Issuer, a Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent will be liable to any 
Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation 
to or resulting from any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
9. 
Warrant Agents and Calculation Agent 
(a) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Principal Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Authentication Agent or the 
Warrant Registrar or the Warrant Transfer Agent and to appoint another Principal Warrant 
Agent or a substitute Calculation Agent or a substitute Authentication Agent or a substitute 
Warrant Registrar or a substitute Warrant Transfer Agent, provided that so long as any 
Warrant is outstanding, the Issuer will maintain a Principal Warrant Agent and a 
Calculation Agent and an Authentication Agent. Notice of any termination of appointment 
and of any change in the specified office of the Principal Warrant Agent or a Calculation 
Agent or an Authentication Agent or a Warrant Registrar or a Warrant Transfer Agent and 
of any appointment of a Warrant Agent or a Calculation Agent or an Authentication Agent

--- Page 538 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 526 - 
70-41030487 
 
or a Warrant Registrar or a Warrant Transfer Agent will be given to Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). In acting under the Warrant Agency Agreement, 
the Principal Warrant Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any 
obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
The Warrant Agent, the Authentication Agent, the Warrant Transfer Agent, the Warrant 
Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall not act as an agent for the Warrantholders but 
shall be the agent of the Issuer. All calculation functions required of the Calculation Agent 
under these Conditions may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation Agent, in 
its absolute discretion, may decide. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility for any errors 
or omissions in the calculation and dissemination of any variables used in any calculation 
made pursuant to these Conditions or in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount. 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Conditions for the purposes of the Warrants (including any determinations as to the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes) shall 
be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the Warrants by the 
Principal Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error 
or wilful misconduct) be binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Warrantholders (or any of them) shall attach to the Principal 
Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by either of them of their powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
9A. 
Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
(a) 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark 
Trigger Event has occurred in relation to a Relevant Benchmark relating to a Series of 
Warrants, then: 
(i) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
unless the Issuer determines that replacing the Relevant Benchmark with 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Index would not produce a commercially 
reasonable result, references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be 
deemed to be replaced with references to the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index with effect from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; 
and 
(B) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions as it 
determines are necessary to account for the effect on the Warrants of 
referencing the Alternative Pre-nominated Index in place of such 
Relevant Benchmark including, without limitation, to any variable, 
margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms 
or any other terms of the Warrants; and 
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has not been specified in relation to such 
Relevant Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms or the Issuer determines that 
replacing the Relevant Benchmark with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
would not produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer shall do any of 
the following:

--- Page 539 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 527 - 
70-41030487 
 
(A) 
determine that references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed 
to be replaced by references to such index, benchmark or price source as 
the Issuer determines would have the effect of placing the Issuer in an 
economically equivalent position to that which it would have been in had 
the Benchmark Trigger Event not occurred (the "Replacement Index") 
(and in making such determination the Issuer shall be entitled to take into 
account such facts and circumstances as it considers relevant including, 
without limitation, (i) any index, benchmark or other price source which 
measures the same market or economic reality as the Relevant 
Benchmark and which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark or (ii) any index, benchmark or other price source which is 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, in each case to replace the Relevant Benchmark), in 
which case: 
(1) 
references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be 
replaced with references to such Replacement Index with effect 
from the Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions 
as it determines are necessary to account for the effect on the 
Warrants of referencing the Replacement Index in place of such 
Relevant Benchmark including, without limitation, to any 
variable, margin, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Warrants; or 
(B) 
follow the steps for determining the relevant rate or level set out in the 
Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions (if any); or 
(C) 
determine that the Warrants shall be terminated, in which case the 
Issuer's obligations under the Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment in respect of each Warrant of an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms on the date 
selected by the Issuer and give notice of such termination to the 
Warrantholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices); 
provided, however, that if (1) it is or would be unlawful at any time under applicable law 
or regulation or (2) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each 
case, for any of the above provisions or determinations to apply to the Warrants, then such 
provision shall not apply and the Issuer shall not make such determination (as the case 
may be) and the Issuer shall instead take any of the above actions that complies with the 
applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
(b) 
In making any determination under this Condition 9A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), the Issuer shall take account of such facts and circumstances as it considers 
relevant, including, without limitation, any determinations made in respect of any of the 
Issuer's hedging arrangements in relation to the Warrants (including in respect of any 
termination or re-establishment of hedging arrangements) and the Issuer's funding costs; 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Series of Italian Warrants, it shall not take 
account of any such determinations made in respect of such hedging arrangements and/or 
the Issuer's funding costs. 
(c) 
If the Issuer is not able to determine the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 9A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) on any 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, then the Relevant Benchmark Determination 
Date shall be postponed to such date as it is able to make such determination and any 
Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that 
the Related Payment Date shall fall at least three (3) local banking days (or such other

--- Page 540 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 528 - 
70-41030487 
 
number of days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any replacement for a Relevant 
Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)(A) or (a)(ii)(A) above give notice thereof and of 
any changes pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)(B) or (a)(ii)(A)(2) (as applicable) to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Warrantholders (in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices)). 
(e) 
Without prejudice to Condition 18(b) (Adjustments to Indices – Index Modification), if the 
definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Warrants, or other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Warrants, is changed, then references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be to such 
Relevant Benchmark as so changed. 
10. 
Taxes 
A Warrantholder subscribing for, purchasing or exercising a Warrant shall pay all Taxes and 
securities transfer taxes and any other charges, if any, payable in connection with the subscription, 
purchase or exercise of such Warrant and the delivery of the Cash Settlement Amount as a result 
of such exercise. The Issuer shall have the right, but not the duty (unless required by law), to 
withhold or deduct from any amounts otherwise payable to a Warrantholder such amount as is 
necessary for the payment of any such taxes, duties or charges or for effecting reimbursement in 
accordance with the next sentence. 
In any case where the Issuer is obliged to pay any such tax, duty or charge referred to in the previous 
paragraph, the relevant Warrantholder shall promptly reimburse the Issuer therefor. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Warrants. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold 
or deduct any amounts permitted or required by the rules of IRC Section 871(m) or IRC 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("U.S. Permitted Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any U.S. Permitted Withholding deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, a Warrant Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other than an agent of 
the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of U.S. Permitted Withholding. 
11. 
Illegality 
(a) 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate its obligations under the Warrants, if the 
Calculation Agent shall have determined, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, that the performance of such obligations under any Warrants (or the 
Issuer's or the Issuer's designated affiliates' obligations under any hedging or funding 
arrangement established in connection therewith) shall have become unlawful or 
impracticable in whole or in part, including, without limitation, as a result of compliance 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or 
with any requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the relevant obligations have become unlawful, the Issuer may obtain an opinion of 
an independent legal adviser to that effect prior to terminating its obligations under the 
Warrants, and any such opinion shall be sufficient to establish the circumstances required 
by this Condition 11 (Illegality). In such circumstances the Issuer will pay to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant held by it an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent representing the Fair Market Value of such Warrant immediately prior 
to such termination. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices).

--- Page 541 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 529 - 
70-41030487 
 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, it shall not be a default for any 
purpose if the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of the Warrants of any Series or 
any of them (i) if the Issuer determines, acting in good faith, that there is a material risk 
of the payment being contrary to any fiscal or other law or regulation or the order of any 
court of competent jurisdiction, or any statement, guidance, policy, recommendation or 
interpretation of any governmental or regulatory body (whether or not having the force of 
law), in each case applicable to such payment (and any such determination made by the 
Issuer in accordance with advice given at any time by independent legal advisers shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Warrantholders) or (ii) in cases of doubt as to the validity 
or applicability of any such law, regulation or order, in accordance with advice given at 
any time by independent legal advisers as to such validity or applicability. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders will be deemed to have been duly given (a) in the case of Registered 
Warrants if notified to the relevant Clearing System or (b) in the case of Uncertificated Registered 
Warrants, if sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders 
at their respective addresses appearing in the Record and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Uncertificated Registered Warrants are 
listed by or on a competent authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent authority 
or stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the places or places required by that competent authority or stock exchange. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such notification or, in the case of 
any of Warrants listed on any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the 
date of such publication or delivery or, if notified or published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first such notification or publication (or, if required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of the Warrants 
of any Series to create and issue further warrants ranking equally in all respects with the Warrants 
of such Series so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Warrants 
for the time being outstanding. 
14. 
Purchase by the Issuer 
Each of the Issuer and any person directly or indirectly connected with the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or otherwise, and such Warrants may be held, 
reissued, resold or, provided such Warrants are held by the Issuer, at the option of the Issuer, 
reissued or cancelled. 
15. 
Modification 
Subject in the case of the Warrant Agency Agreement and the Master Warrant Issuance Agreement 
(as applicable) to the agreement of the other parties thereto, the Issuer may agree, without consent 
of the Warrantholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Warrant Agency Agreement or the 
Master Warrant Issuance Agreement or the Conditions which is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Warrantholders as a whole; 
(b) 
any modification of the Conditions or the Warrant Agency Agreement or the Master 
Warrant Issuance Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; or 
(c) 
any modification of the Warrants which is made to correct an inconsistency between the 
final terms and the conditions of the Warrant issue (comprising these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms) and the relevant termsheet relating to the Warrants.

--- Page 542 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 530 - 
70-41030487 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Warrantholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
16. 
Substitution 
The Issuer may also agree, without the consent of the Warrantholders, to the substitution of a 
subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer or any subsidiary of any such holding company (the 
"New Issuer") in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Warrants of any Series, provided 
that such Warrants are irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer. In the event of any such substitution, 
any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall be construed as a reference to the New Issuer. 
Any such substitution shall be promptly notified to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). In connection with such right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged 
to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Warrantholders 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, 
or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to 
claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any 
such substitution upon such Warrantholder. 
17. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) "Limit 
Valuation Date" shall mean, if any Scheduled Valuation Date in respect of a Warrant is 
a Disrupted Day, the Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days following such 
Scheduled Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
If any Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Warrant which relates to a single Index or Security, the Final 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, provided that the Scheduled Valuation Date shall not fall after 
the Limit Valuation Date. In that case: 
(1) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Warrant, the Limit Valuation Date will be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level 
of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date 
determined in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
the Limit Valuation Date of each security or other property comprised in 
the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation 
Date, its estimate of the value of the relevant security or other property 
as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date); and 
(2) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Warrant, the Limit Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the value of the relevant Security as of the Valuation Time on 
that Limit Valuation Date; 
(B) 
in the case of a Warrant which relates to an Index Basket, the Final Valuation 
Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date for each Index 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Index, unless 
each of the succeeding Scheduled Trading Days (up to and including the Limit 
Valuation Date) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to that Index. In that case, the Limit Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Final Valuation Date for the relevant Index notwithstanding

--- Page 543 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 531 - 
70-41030487 
 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index, and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of that Index, as of the Valuation Time on the 
Limit Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the 
Limit Valuation Date of each security or other property comprised in the relevant 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security or other property on the Limit Valuation Date, its estimate of the 
value of the relevant security or other property as of the Valuation Time on the 
Limit Valuation Date); and 
(C) 
in the case of a Warrant which relates to a Securities Basket, the Valuation Date 
for each Security not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Security affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Security, unless each of the 
Scheduled Trading Days (up to and including the Limit Valuation Date) 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Security. In that case, (1) the Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date for the relevant Security, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the value for that Security as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation 
Date. 
(c) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Final Terms, then notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Conditions, the following provisions will apply to the valuation 
of the relevant Index or Security: 
(A) 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, if the consequence specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to "Averaging Date Market Disruption" is: 
(1) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a 
relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant Cash 
Settlement Amount provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant 
Index or Security, then Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level or relevant value 
(as applicable) on the final Averaging Date as if such final Averaging 
Date were a Scheduled Final Averaging Date that was a Disrupted Day. 
If any Averaging Dates occur after that Scheduled Final Averaging Date 
as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation 
of such Cash Settlement Amount or (ii) the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event or a Potential Adjustment Event, shall be 
determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as though it were 
a Scheduled Final Averaging Date and the Expiry Date will be 
postponed, if needed, such that the Expiry Date shall fall at least one 
Exchange Business Day following such Averaging Date; 
(2) 
"Postponement", then Condition 17 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level or relevant value 
(as applicable) on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Scheduled Averaging Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date 
would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date 
for the relevant Warrants. If any Averaging Dates occur after the relevant 
Scheduled Final Averaging Date as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then (i) the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
or (ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or a Potential Adjustment 
Event, shall be made on the last such Averaging Date as though it were 
a Scheduled Final Averaging Date and the Expiry Date will be

--- Page 544 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 532 - 
70-41030487 
 
postponed, if needed, such that the Expiry Date shall fall at least one 
Exchange Business Day following such Averaging Date; or 
(3) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(aa) 
in the case of a Warrant which relates to a single Index or 
Security, such Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
as of the Valuation Time on the Limit Valuation Date 
immediately following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date in 
relation to the relevant Scheduled Averaging Date, then the 
Limit Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
(irrespective of whether that Limit Valuation Date is already an 
Averaging Date) and: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index-Linked Warrant, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Condition 
17(b)(A)(1) (Consequences of Disrupted Days); and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Equity-Linked Warrant, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value for that 
Averaging 
Date 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 17(b)(A)(2) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days, 
(bb) 
in the case of a Warrant which relates to an Index Basket and/or 
a Securities Basket, the Averaging Date for each Index or 
Security not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the Scheduled Averaging Date and the Averaging Date for an 
Index or Security affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index 
or Security. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Index or Security has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Limit Valuation Date immediately following the Scheduled 
Final Averaging Date, then the Limit Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that Limit 
Valuation Date is already an Averaging Date) and: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 17(b)(B) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days); and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Security, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Condition 17(b)(C) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days). 
If any Averaging Dates occur after a Scheduled Final Averaging 
Date as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) 
the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount and (ii) the 
occurrence of an extraordinary Event or Potential Adjustment 
Event shall be determined by reference to the last such 
Averaging Date as though it were a Scheduled Final Averaging 
Date and the Expiry Date will be postponed, if needed, such that 
the Expiry Date shall fall at least one Exchange Business Day 
following such Averaging Date.

--- Page 545 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 533 - 
70-41030487 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days), "Limit Valuation Date" shall mean, if any 
Averaging Date in respect of a Warrant is a Disrupted Day, the 
Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days following the 
Scheduled Final Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day. 
18. 
Adjustments to Indices 
This Condition 18 is applicable only in relation to Index-Linked Warrants. 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and published by a successor to the Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Index Modification 
If on or prior to any Final Valuation Date or Averaging Date, a relevant Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such Index 
Modification has a material effect on the Warrants, and if so, shall make such 
adjustment(s) (if any) as it determines appropriate to account for the economic effect of 
the Index Modification, and determine the effective date of any such modification or 
adjustment. 
(c) 
Index Cancellation 
If on or prior to the Final Valuation Date or Averaging Date (A) the Index Sponsor fails 
to calculate and announce a relevant Index, (B) the Index Sponsor announces that it 
suspends the calculation and publication of the level of a relevant Index, or (C) the Index 
Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (each, an "Index 
Cancellation"), then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall as soon as is reasonably practicable after determining the same 
give notice (an "Index Cancellation Notice") of such Index Cancellation to the 
Warrantholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices); 
(ii) 
if "Index Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine whether or not and the date as of which the Index is to be substituted 
with a Substitute Index and, if it so determines, it shall give an Index Substitution 
Notice to the Warrantholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) and, with effect from the date so determined, the 
Substitute Index shall be deemed to be the Index; and 
(iii) 
if no Substitute Index has been identified within 10 Business Days of the giving 
of such Index Cancellation Notice or if "Index Substitution" has not been 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Warrants shall 
continue and: 
(A) 
if it determines that the Warrants shall continue, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Relevant Level for such Final Valuation Date

--- Page 546 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 534 - 
70-41030487 
 
or Averaging Date using, in lieu of a published level of that Index, the 
level for that Index as at that Final Valuation Date or Averaging Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the Index 
Cancellation, but using only those components that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Cancellation; and 
(B) 
if it determines that the Warrants shall not continue, the Issuer shall 
terminate the relevant Warrants as of the date selected by the Issuer and 
give notice thereof to the Warrantholders (with a copy to the Calculation 
Agent) in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), specifying the early 
termination amount and early termination date, and the entitlements of 
the relevant Warrantholders to receive the Cash Settlement Amount (or 
any other payment to be made by the Issuer, as the case may be) shall 
cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Warrants shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of such amount as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the Fair Market Value of the Warrants 
immediately prior to such early termination. 
(d) 
Correction of Index Levels 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor at any time and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent for any calculation or determination under the Warrants is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor after the 
original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment as it determines to 
be appropriate, if any, to the settlement or payment terms of the Warrants to account for 
such correction. 
19. 
Adjustments and Events affecting Securities 
This Condition 19 is applicable only in relation to Equity-Linked Warrants. 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
If Potential Adjustment Events is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether or not at any time a Potential Adjustment 
Event has occurred and where it determines such an event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities and, if so, will make 
such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the Strike Price, the number 
of Securities to which each Warrant relates, the number of Securities comprised in a 
Securities Basket and/or to any other exercise, payment or other term of the relevant 
Warrants, including without limitation the amount of cash, which may be transferred under 
such Warrants and determine the effective dates) of such adjustment(s). 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
If Extraordinary Events is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, following 
the occurrence of any Extraordinary Event (other than a Delisting in respect of any 
Depositary Receipts), the Issuer will determine whether or not the relevant Warrants shall 
continue and, if so, determine any adjustments to be made. If the Issuer determines that 
the relevant Warrants shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) 
as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Cash Settlement Amount 
set out in the relevant Final Terms and any other variable relevant to the payment terms 
of the relevant Warrants and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Warrants shall be terminated, 
then the Warrants shall cease to be exercisable (or, in the case of Warrants which have 
been exercised, the entitlements of the respective exercising Warrantholders to receive the 
Cash Settlement Amount, pursuant to such exercise shall cease) and the Issuer's

--- Page 547 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 535 - 
70-41030487 
 
obligations under the relevant Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair 
Market Value of the Warrants. 
(c) 
Conversion 
If Conversion is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an 
Equity-Linked Warrant, following the occurrence of any Conversion, the Issuer will 
determine whether or not the Warrants will continue and, if so, determine any 
adjustment(s) to be made. If the Issuer determines that the Warrants shall continue, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate to the 
formula for the Cash Settlement Amount set out in the relevant Final Terms and any other 
variable relevant to the payment terms of the relevant Warrants and/or any other 
adjustment and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment. If the Issuer determines 
that the Warrants shall be terminated, then the Warrants shall cease to be exercisable (or, 
in the case of any Warrants which have been exercised, the entitlements of the respective 
exercising Warrantholders to receive the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to such 
exercise shall cease) as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer's 
obligations under the Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market 
Value of the Warrants. 
(d) 
Correction of Prices 
If Correction of Prices is specified as 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that any price published or announced on a given day and utilised or to be utilised for the 
purpose of any calculation or determination under the Warrants is subsequently corrected 
and the correction is published or announced by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle 
after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) as it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to the payment terms of the Warrants to account for 
such correction and the Calculation Agent shall determine the effective date(s) of such 
adjustment(s) provided that if any amount has been paid in an amount which exceeds the 
amount that would have been payable if the correction had been taken into account, no 
further amount in an amount at least equal to the excess is payable in respect of the 
Warrants and the Calculation Agent determines that it is not practicable to make such an 
adjustment to account fully for such correction, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
reimbursement of, the relevant excess payment (or, as the case may be, the proportion 
thereof not accounted for by an adjustment made by the Calculation Agent) by the relevant 
Warrantholder, together with interest on that amount for the period from and including the 
day on which payment or delivery was originally made to (but excluding) the day of 
payment of reimbursement by the Warrantholder (all as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent). Any such reimbursement shall be effected in such manner as the Issuer shall 
determine. 
20. 
Additional Disruption Events 
Following the occurrence of any Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will determine whether 
or not the Warrants shall continue and, if so, the Calculation Agent shall determine any adjustments 
to be made. If the Issuer determines that the relevant Warrants shall continue, the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Cash 
Settlement Amount set out in the relevant Final Terms and any other variable relevant to the 
payment terms of the relevant Warrants, and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment 
shall be effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Issuer determines that the 
relevant Warrants shall be terminated, then the Warrants shall cease to be exercisable (or, in the 
case of Warrants which have been exercised, the entitlements of the respective exercising 
Warrantholders to receive the Cash Settlement Amount, pursuant to such exercise shall cease) and 
the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the 
Fair Market Value of the Warrants. 
21. 
Adjustments where the Securities are Units in an ETF 
Where the Securities are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Units in an ETF, in the case 
of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date of any Extraordinary Event affecting

--- Page 548 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 536 - 
70-41030487 
 
the ETF or the value of the Units, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment as provided in 
Condition 19 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 20 (Additional Disruption 
Events) or: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under Condition 
19 (Adjustments and Events affecting Securities) or Condition 20 (Additional Disruption 
Events) would produce a commercially reasonable result: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify a new 
underlying asset with characteristics, investment objectives and policies similar 
to those in effect for the Affected Units immediately prior to the occurrence of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event and any substitution of the new underlying asset 
for the Affected Units shall be effected at such time and in such manner as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
if necessary, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms, including, but 
not limited to, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, investment 
strategy or liquidity relevant to the Units or the Warrants; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Warrants shall be terminated, then 
the Warrants shall be terminated as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion and the entitlements of the relevant Warrantholders to receive the relevant Cash 
Settlement Amount shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Warrants 
shall be satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Warrants. 
In this Condition 21, "Affected Unit(s)" means each Unit subject to an applicable Extraordinary 
Event. 
22. 
Events relating to DR-Linked Warrants 
In relation to DR-Linked Warrants only, if a Delisting of the Securities occurs or the Depository 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) (or is at any time, whether or not announced 
by the Depository) terminated, then the Issuer will determine whether or not the Warrants shall 
continue. If the Issuer determines that: 
(i) 
the Warrants shall continue, it shall elect whether the Security shall thereafter be (x) the 
Replacement DRs or the Underlying Security and the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment(s) as it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the terms of the Warrants 
(including, without limitation, any change to the notional number of Securities and/or the 
formula for the Cash Settlement Amount), and which change or adjustment(s) shall be 
effective on such date selected by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the Warrants shall not continue, then the Warrants shall cease to be exercisable (or, in the 
case of Warrants which have been exercised, the entitlements of the respective exercising 
Warrantholders to receive the Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, pursuant to 
such exercise shall cease) and the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Warrants shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of the Fair Market Value of the Warrants. 
23. 
Warrants Linked to Units in an ETF – General 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Securities in relation to a Series of Warrants are Units 
in an ETF, then these Conditions shall apply to the Warrants as if references herein to "Underlying 
Company" were references to the "ETF" and as if references therein to "Security" were references 
to "Unit". 
24. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Warrants under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 549 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.4 – Term and Conditions of the Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 537 - 
70-41030487 
 
25. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Warrants are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), 
arising out of or in connection with the Warrants (including any Dispute regarding the 
existence, validity or termination of the Warrants or the consequences of their nullity).

--- Page 550 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 538 - 
70-41030487 
 
SECTION III.5 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS 
Set out below is the template of the "Final Terms", a document which will be filled out for each issue of 
Warrants and which will complete the terms and conditions in respect of each such issue of Warrants. 
Final Terms dated: 
[•] 
HSBC Bank plc 
(a company incorporated in England with registered number 14259; the liability of its members is 
limited) 
Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): MP6I5ZYZBEU3UXPYFY54 
[Further] Issue of 
[Aggregate Number of Tranche] [Title of Warrants] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the existing Tranche[s] [ ]] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Warrants described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Warrants (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated on or about 2 December 2022 
relating to Index-Linked Warrants or Equity-Linked Warrants issued under the above Programme, together 
with each supplemental prospectus relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 
2022 but before the issue date or listing date of the Warrants to which these Final Terms relate, whichever 
is later, which together constitute a base prospectus ("Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus. However, a summary of the issue of the Warrants is 
annexed to these Final Terms. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where either the 
Offer Period for the Warrants, the Issue Date for the Warrants or the date of admission to trading for 
the Warrants is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus (so long as the updated Base 
Prospectus is approved and published before the expiry of this Base Prospectus): 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") relating to the issue of the Tranche of Warrants described 
herein.  
Up to and including the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date (as defined below), the Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 relating to Index-Linked Warrants and Equity-
Linked Warrants issued under the above Programme, which together with each supplemental prospectus 
relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 2022 but before the 2022 Prospectus 
Expiry Date, the issue date or the listing date of the Warrants, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms 
relate constitutes a base prospectus (the "2022 Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The 2022 Prospectus shall expire on 1 December 2023 (the "2022 Prospectus Expiry Date").  
Following the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the Final Terms must be read in conjunction with such base 
prospectus relating to Index-Linked Warrants and Equity-Linked Warrants issued under the above 
Programme as is published by the Issuer in replacement of the 2022 Prospectus and each supplemental 
prospectus relating to the Programme as may be published by the Issuer after such publication but before 
the issue date or listing date of the Warrants, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate (the 
"2023 Prospectus").  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Warrants set forth in the 2022 Prospectus (the "Conditions"). The Conditions shall be incorporated by

--- Page 551 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 539 - 
70-41030487 
 
reference into the 2023 Prospectus. A summary of the issue of the Warrants is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date: 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Warrants described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Warrants (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 and are applicable to the Warrants. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2022 together with each supplemental prospectus relating to the 
Programme published by the Issuer after 2 December 2022 but before the issue date or listing date of the 
Warrants to which the Final Terms relate, whichever is later, which together constitute a base prospectus 
("Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. However, a summary of the issue of the 
Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business 
hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where either the 
Offer Period for the Warrants, the Issue Date for the Warrants or the date of admission to trading for 
the Warrants is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus (so long as the updated Base 
Prospectus is approved and published before the expiry of this Base Prospectus): 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and (i) in relation to the period to and including the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 
2022 Prospectus, and (ii) from but excluding the 2022 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 2023 Prospectus. The 
2022 Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, 
London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20. The 2023 Prospectus shall be available for viewing from its date of 
publication during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20.] 
[EU PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no

--- Page 552 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 540 - 
70-41030487 
 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS - The Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
investors that qualify as private (retail) clients according to Article 4 para. 2 Swiss Financial Services Act 
("FinSA") and its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Federal Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"). 
Consequently, no key information document (or equivalent document) required by FinSA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any private 
(retail) client in, into or from Switzerland may be unlawful under FinSA.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018") the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA), that the 
Warrants are capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investments Products.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
HSBC Bank plc 
2. 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] [The Warrants issued under these Final Terms are to be 
consolidated and form a single series with [ ] (the "Original 
Issue") issued on [ ] [(ISIN)]: [ ]] 
3. 
Settlement Currency: 
[ ] 
 
Aggregate 
Number 
of 
Warrants in the: 
 
4. 
[(i) 
Series: 
[ ]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
5. 
Face Value: 
[ ] per Warrant 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] [ ] per Warrant 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
8. 
Expiry Date: 
[ ] [(or if such date is not a Business Day the immediately 
following day that is a Business Day)]  
9. 
Type of Warrants: 
[Index] [Index Basket] [Equity] [Securities Basket] 
10. 
Series represented by: 
[Global Registered Warrant] [Not Applicable] [Warrants in 
definitive form [will/will not] be issued.] 
11. 
Form of Warrant: 
[Uncertificated Registered Warrants] 
[Regulation S Global Registered Warrants] [Definitive 
Registered Warrants] 
12. 
Style of Warrants: 
The Warrants are European Style [Call] [Put] Warrants. 
Condition 4(a) (Rights on Exercise – European Style Exercise) 
is applicable.

--- Page 553 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 541 - 
70-41030487 
 
13. 
(i) 
Automatic Exercise: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Exercise 
Number: 
[ ] Warrants 
 
(iii) 
Permitted Multiple: 
[ ] Warrants 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CASH SETTLEMENT 
14. 
Method for determining the 
Cash Settlement Amount of 
each Warrant: 
[Protection Cash Settlement Put Warrant] [Growth Cash 
Settlement Call Warrant] [Capped Growth Cash Settlement 
Call Warrant] [Partially Protected Cash Settlement Put 
Warrant] [Conditional Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant] 
[Conditional Capped Growth Cash Settlement Call Warrant] 
[Digital Cash Settlement Put Warrant] [Digital Cash 
Settlement Call Warrant] 
15. 
Cash 
Settlement 
Payment 
Date: 
[ ] [or, if later, the fifth Business Day following the Exercise 
Date] 
16. 
Provisions relating to the 
calculation 
of 
the 
Cash 
Settlement Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
[Index]/[Index 
Basket]: 
[ ] [The Index is a Multiple Exchange Index] 
 
 
[Each of the indices specified in the table below:] 
 
 
Index 
Multiple 
Exchange 
Index 
[ ] 
[Yes] [No] 
 
 
 
 
 
[(each, an "Index" and together, the "Indices")] 
 
(ii) 
[Weighting]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Weighting 
[Index] [Security] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
[Security]/[Security 
Basket] 
[The Security (the "Security") is: [[ ] (ISIN:[ ])] / [Depository 
Receipts of [ ]] / [Units of an ETF, where the ETF is [name of 
ETF] and "Unit" means, in respect of the ETF, a share or 
notional unit of the ETF (as defined in the ETF Documents), 
the price of which is denominated in [ ]. [The Units represent 
undivided ownership interests in the portfolio of investments 
held by the ETF] [delete if not applicable]].] 
[Each of the securities specified in the table below (each a 
"Security" and together the "Securities"): 
Security 
ISIN or Unit 
[ ]  [Depository Receipts of 
[ ]]  [Units of [Name of 
ETF]] 
[ISIN] ["Unit" means, in 
respect of the ETF, a share 
or notional unit of the ETF

--- Page 554 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 542 - 
70-41030487 
 
(as defined in the ETF 
Documents), the price of 
which is denominated in [ ]. 
[The 
Units 
represent 
undivided 
ownership 
interests in the portfolio of 
investments held by the 
ETF] 
[delete 
if 
not 
applicable], 
"Underlying 
Index" means [ ].] 
] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Company(ies): 
[ ] [and with respect to the Underlying Securities [ ]] [The ETF] 
[Each of the following:] 
Security 
Underlying Company 
[ ] / [Unit of [Name of ETF]] 
[ ] / [Name of ETF] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Cap: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Digital Amount: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Participation: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Protection Level: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant 
Final 
Performance: 
[Final Index Performance] [the weighted arithmetic average of 
the Final Index Performance of each constituent Index in the 
Basket] 
[Final Security Performance] [the weighted arithmetic average 
of the Final Security Performances of each constituent 
Securities in the Securities Basket] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Level: 
[Final Index Level] [Average Index Level] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Price: 
[Final Security Price] [Average Security Price] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Averaging 
Date 
Market Disruption: 
[ ] [Omission] [Postponement] [Modified Postponement] [Not 
Applicable]  
17. 
Further provisions relating to 
the underlying Ind[ex] [ices]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[ ]  
 
(ii) 
Index Rules: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[ ] [All Exchanges] 
 
(v) 
Initial Index Level: 
[ ] [The definition in Condition 1 (Definitions) applies]

--- Page 555 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 543 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[ ] 
 
(vii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply: [Change 
in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Index Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index details] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Underlying 
Index(ices) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index 
Index 
Sponsor 
Exchanges 
Related 
Exchanges 
Multiple Exchange 
Index 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[All 
Exchanges] 
[ ] 
 
(xi) 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment 
Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 9A(c) 
(Consequences of a 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event): 
[3] [ ] 
18. 
Further Provisions relating to 
the underlying Securit[y][ies]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Exchange(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[ ] [All Exchanges] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Security Price: 
[ ] [The definition in Condition 1(a) applies] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Date: 
[ ]  
 
(v) 
Final Security Price: 
[ ] [The definition in Condition 1(a) applies] applies] 
 
(vi) 
Potential Adjustment 
Event: 
Condition 19(a) is [Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Extraordinary 
Dividend (if other 
than as specified in 
the 
definition 
in 
Condition 1(a)) 
[ ] 
 
(viii) 
Additional Potential 
Adjustment 
Event 
(for 
purposes 
of 
paragraph (viii) of the 
definition thereof) 
[ ] 
 
(ix) 
Extraordinary Event: 
Condition 19(b) is [Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 556 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 544 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(x) 
Conversion: 
(for Warrants relating 
to Government Bonds 
and debt securities 
only) 
Condition 19(c) is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Correction of prices: 
Condition 19(d) is [Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[ ] 
 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply: [Change 
in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging]] 
[Insolvency Filing] [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Business Day: 
[ ] 
20. 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
21. 
Valuation Time: 
[ ] [The definition in Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] 
22. 
Payments: 
 
 
(i) 
Payment 
of 
Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Cross 
Currency: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Cross 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency 
Fixing Page: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency 
Fixing Time: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency 
Fixing Date: 
[ ] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] [[the relevant 
[jurisdictions/places] for the purposes of the Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date are [ ]]

--- Page 557 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 545 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
• 
Offshore 
RMB Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [Singapore] [Taiwan] [ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index: 
[ ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated Index details] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local banking 
days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment 
Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 9
A(c) 
(Consequenc
es 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event): 
[3] [ ] 
 
(ii) 
Price 
Source 
Disruption:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[ ] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local banking 
days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Related 
Payment 
Dates 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5(g) 
(Exercise 
Procedure – 
Price Source 
Disruption 
and 
FX 
Disruption): 
[3] [ ] 
 
• 
Dealer Poll: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Unscheduled 
Holiday and 
Deferral 
Period: 
The number of Relevant Currency Business Days for the 
purpose of the definition of Unscheduled Holiday in Condition 
1 (Definitions) is [ ] [and the number of calendar days for the 
purposes of the Deferral Period is [ ] [as per Condition 1 
(Definitions)]]

--- Page 558 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 546 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified Maximum 
Number of Disrupted 
Days: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] [The definition in Condition 1 
(Definitions) applies] 
 
(iv) 
Termination 
following 
FX 
Disruption Event: 
(Condition 
5(g)(Y) 
(Exercise Procedure 
– 
Price 
Source 
Disruption and FX 
Disruption)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Early 
Termination 
Amount 
following 
FX Disruption Event 
or 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event: 
(Condition 
5(g)(Y) 
(Exercise Procedure 
– 
Price 
Source 
Disruption and FX 
Disruption) or 9A 
Consequences of a 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event) 
[[ ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount][Fair Market 
Value][Not Applicable] 
23. 
Additional 
U.S. 
federal 
income tax considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] [The Warrants are [not] Section 
871(m) Warrants for the purpose of Section 871(m).] [The 
[Dividend Withholding] [Issuer Withholding] approach shall 
apply to the Warrants. For further information, see "Taxation 
– Other Taxation Matters – U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalent Payments" in the Base Prospectus. [The following 
dividend equivalent amounts are to be treated as being 
reinvested during the term of the Warrants, less a withholding 
on such amounts at a rate of [ ] per cent. (as of the Issue Date), 
which shall be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as 
having been withheld from payments due to the holders of the 
Warrants: [ ]]. Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants will be available 
from the Issuer. Investors should submit any requests for 
additional information to the Issuer via their custodians.] [The 
Warrants will not be Section 871(m) Warrants if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. 
equity. Warrants that reference a U.S. equity or index that 
contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a 
trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are Section 
871(m) Warrants.]

--- Page 559 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 547 - 
70-41030487 
 
CONFIRMED 
HSBC BANK plc 
 
By:  
Authorised Signatory 
 
Date: ...........................................................................

--- Page 560 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 548 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [will be] [has been] made to admit the 
Warrants to listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin][and][the official list of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]. 
No assurance can be given as to whether or not, or when, 
such application will be granted.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[The Original Issue was admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin on [ ].] 
[Application [will be] [has been] made for the Warrants to 
be admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin][and][the Electronic Bond Market, being 
the regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("MOT")]. No assurance can be given as to whether or not, 
or when, such application will be granted.] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
 [REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and 
use of proceeds: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]]  
3. 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE] 
[OFFER] 
 
[The Warrants may be on-sold by the Manager(s) to the Initial Authorised Offerors at a 
discount to the Issue Price of [up to] [•%]. Such discount (the "re-offer spread") will be 
retained by the Initial Authorised Offerors.] 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Manager(s)[and][[S/s]ave for the re-offer spread retained by 
the Initial Authorised Offerors], no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has, so far as 
the Issuer is aware, an interest material to the [issue/offer]. The Manager(s) and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT THE UNDERLYING 
 
Information on the past and future performance and volatility of the [Index] [Indices 
comprised in the Index Basket] [Security] [Securities comprised in the Securities Basket] can 
be obtained from [the following display pages on [ ] [Bloomberg (source: Bloomberg 
Financial Markets Service)]] [the following website [ ] [(Source: [ ])]]. 
5. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, name[s] of 
Manager[s] 
[and 
underwriting commitments 
(including, where not all of 
the issue is underwritten, a 
statement of the portion not 
covered)]: 
[ ]

--- Page 561 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 549 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Indication of the overall 
amount of the underwriting 
commission and of the 
placing commission: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
 If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Manager: 
[ ] 
7. 
 Public Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Details of the Public 
Offer: 
A public offer of this Tranche of Warrants may be 
made by the Managers [and [ ]] ([together with the 
Managers,] the "Initial Authorised Offeror[s]") and 
any other Authorised Offerors published on the Issuer's 
website 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-
investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
in 
[Republic of Ireland] [France] [Italy] (the "Public 
Offer Jurisdiction") during the period from and 
including [ ] until but excluding [ ] (the "Offer 
Period"). 
 
(ii) 
Conditions attached to the 
consent 
to 
use 
the 
Prospectus: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
8. 
 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
 Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
10. 
 Additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Warrants are not Section 871(m) Warrants for the 
purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986.] 
11. 
 Selling restrictions, United States of 
America: 
40-day Distribution Compliance Period: [Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
12. 
 ISIN Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
 Common Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
 Valoren Number: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
 SEDOL: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
 Other identifier / code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
17. 
 Clearing System: 
[Euroclear] [Clearstream, Luxembourg] [CREST] 
18. 
 Delivery: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment 
 
(i) 
Authentication 
Agent/ 
Warrant Registrar/Warrant 
Transfer Agent: 
[ ] [HSBC Bank plc]

--- Page 562 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 550 - 
70-41030487 
 
 
(ii) 
Additional 
Warrant 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] [None] 
19. 
 Common Depositary: 
[ ] [HSBC Bank plc] [Not Applicable] 
20. 
 Principal Warrant Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [ ] 
21. 
 Calculation Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [HSBC Continental Europe] [ ] 
22. 
 Warrant Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [ ] 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
23. 
 Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [ ] 
24. 
 Total amount of the issue/offer; if 
the amount is not fixed, description 
of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the offer: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
25. 
 The time period, including any 
possible amendments, during which 
the offer will be open: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
26. 
 Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
 Description of the application 
process: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
28. 
 Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
 [ ] [Not Applicable] 
29. 
 Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
30. 
 Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
of the securities: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
31. 
 Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
32. 
 Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
33. 
 Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
34. 
 Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 563 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 551 - 
70-41030487 
 
35. 
 Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
36. 
 Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
37. 
 Name and address of any paying 
agents and depositary agents in 
each country: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
38. 
 Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
of 
the 
main 
terms 
of 
their 
commitment: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]] 
BENCHMARKS 
 
39. 
 Details 
of 
benchmarks 
administrators 
and 
registration 
under EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name] [appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
apply, 
such 
that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 564 ---
Part III – Information Relating to the Warrants 
Section III.5 – Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
10231698288-v34 
- 552 - 
70-41030487 
 
ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS NOT REQUIRED BY THE SECURITIES NOTE RELATING TO 
THE UNDERLYING 
[The following [Index] [ETF] disclaimer is applicable [in respect of the [ ] [Index] [ETF], as agreed 
between the [Index Sponsor] [ ] and the Issuer]: [ ]].

--- Page 565 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 553 - 
70-41030487 
 
PART IV – INFORMATION RELATING TO UNDERLYING INDICES AND ETFS 
SECTION IV.1 – INDEX AND ETF DISCLAIMERS 
This section sets out disclaimers which may be applicable in respect of an issue of Notes or Warrants which 
are linked to the performance of an Index or Security. 
A. Index Disclaimers 
Where a Series of Notes or Warrants relates to any Index and no specific statement is included in the 
Final Terms, the following statement will apply to such Series of Notes or Warrants. 
"Notes and Warrants issued by the Issuer are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any index 
sponsor or the affiliates of any such index sponsor (collectively, the "Publisher"). The Publisher shall not 
be liable (whether as a result of negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the relevant index 
and the Publisher is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The Publisher does not 
make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the prospective investors or any member of the 
public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Notes or Warrants particularly. 
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Holders of the Notes or Warrants for any act or failure to act by any 
index sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of any index relating to the 
Notes or Warrants. The Issuer has no affiliation with or control over any index or any index sponsor or any 
control over the computation, composition or dissemination of any index. The only relationship the 
Publisher has with the Issuer is as licensee (the "Licensee") regarding the licensing of certain trademarks 
and trade names of the Publisher and of the relevant index which is determined, composed and calculated 
without regard to the Licensee or the Notes or Warrants. The Publisher is not responsible for and neither 
has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Notes or Warrants to be 
offered or issued or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes or Warrants to 
be offered or issued are to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of. The Publisher does not have 
any obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Notes or 
Warrants to be offered or issued. 
Although the Issuer will obtain information concerning various indices from publicly available sources it 
believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
The provisions of this section are without prejudice to the responsibilities assumed by the Issuer in the Base 
Prospectus." 
Where a Series of Notes or Warrants relates to any of the indices specified below, a statement 
regarding such index will be included in an annex to the relevant Final Terms in or substantially in 
the form for such index set out below or in such other form as the Issuer may from time to time 
determine: 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE CAC 40 INDEX 
Euronext N.V. or its subsidiaries holds all (intellectual) proprietary rights with respect to the CAC 40 Index. 
Euronext N.V. or its subsidiaries do not sponsor, endorse or have any other involvement in the issue and 
offering of the Notes or the Warrants. Euronext N.V. and its subsidiaries disclaim any liability for any 
inaccuracy in the data on which the CAC 40 Index is based, for any mistakes, errors, or omissions in the 
calculation and/or dissemination of the CAC 40 Index, or for the manner in which it is applied in connection 
with the issue and offering thereof. 
"CAC 40®" and "CAC®" are registered trademarks of Euronext N.V. or its subsidiaries. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE DAX® INDEX 
The DAX® Index (the "Index") is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of STOXX 
Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH, or their licensors, and is used under a license. The Notes and Warrants are 
neither sponsored nor promoted, distributed or in any other manner supported by STOXX Ltd., Qontigo 
Index GmbH or their licensors, research partners or data providers and STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH 
and their licensors, research partners or data providers do not give any warranty, and exclude any liability

--- Page 566 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 554 - 
70-41030487 
 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) with respect thereto generally or specifically in relation to any errors, 
omissions or interruptions in the Index or its data. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE INDEX 
The "Dow Jones Industrial Average Index" is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates 
("SPDJI") and the third-party licensor (if any) and has been licensed for use by the Issuer. Standard & 
Poor's® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P"); Dow 
Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"); third-party 
licensor trademarks (if any) are trademarks of the third party licensor; and these trademarks have been 
licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by the Issuer. It is not possible to invest 
directly in an index. The Notes and Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow 
Jones, S&P, any of their respective affiliates (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices") or the third-party 
licensor (if any). Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor the third-party licensor (if any) make any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Notes and Warrants or any member of 
the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in Notes and Warrants 
particularly or the ability of the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index to track general market performance. 
Past performance of an index is not an indication or guarantee of future results. S&P Dow Jones Indices' 
and the third-party licensor's (if any) only relationship to the Issuer with respect to the Dow Jones Industrial 
Average Index is the licensing of the Index and certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of 
S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its licensors. The Dow Jones Industrial Average Index is determined, 
composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices or the third-party licensor (if any) without regard to 
the Issuer or the Notes and Warrants. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party licensor (if any) have no 
obligation to take the needs of the Issuer or the owners of the Notes and Warrants into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index. Neither S&P Dow Jones 
Indices nor the third-party licensor (if any) are responsible for and have not participated in the determination 
of the prices, and amount of the Notes and Warrants or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Notes and 
Warrants or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes and Warrants are to be 
converted into cash, surrendered or redeemed, as the case may be. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-
party licensor (if any) have no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or 
trading of the Notes and Warrants. There is no assurance that investment products based on the Dow Jones 
Industrial Average Index will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns. 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an investment or tax advisor. A tax advisor should be consulted to 
evaluate the impact of any tax-exempt securities on portfolios and the tax consequences of making any 
particular investment decision. Inclusion of a security within an index is not a recommendation by S&P 
Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice. 
NEITHER S&P DOW JONES INDICES NOR THE THIRD PARTY-LICENSOR (IF ANY) 
GUARANTEES THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF 
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY 
COMMUNICATION, 
INCLUDING 
BUT 
NOT 
LIMITED 
TO, 
ORAL 
OR 
WRITTEN 
COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ELECTRONIC 
COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT 
THERETO. S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) SHALL 
NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR 
DELAYS THEREIN. S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) 
MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE 
OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE NOTES OR 
WARRANTS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE DOW JONES 
INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. 
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P 
DOW JONES INDICES OR THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR GOODWILL, 
EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER 
IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THERE ARE NO THIRD PARTY 
BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES AND THE ISSUER, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES.

--- Page 567 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 555 - 
70-41030487 
 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE EURO STOXX 50® INDEX 
The EURO STOXX 50® Index (the "Index") is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) 
of STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH, or their licensors, and is used under a license. The Notes and 
Warrants are neither sponsored nor promoted, distributed or in any other manner supported by STOXX 
Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH or their licensors, research partners or data providers and STOXX Ltd., Qontigo 
Index GmbH and their licensors, research partners or data providers do not give any warranty, and exclude 
any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) with respect thereto generally or specifically in relation 
to any errors, omissions or interruptions in the Index or its data. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE FTSE® 100 INDEX 
The Notes and Warrants have been developed solely by the Issuer. The Notes and Warrants are not in any 
way connected to or sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the London Stock Exchange Group plc and 
its group undertakings (collectively, the "LSE Group"). FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of the 
LSE Group companies. 
All rights in the FTSE® 100 Index (the "Index") vest in the relevant LSE Group company which owns the 
Index. FTSE®, Russell® and FTSE Russell® are trade marks of the relevant LSE Group company and are 
used by any other LSE Group company under license. 
The Index is calculated by or on behalf of FTSE International Limited or its affiliate, agent or partner. The 
LSE Group does not accept any liability whatsoever to any person arising out of (a) the use of, reliance on 
or any error in the Index or (b) investment in or operation of the Notes and Warrants. The LSE Group makes 
no claim, prediction, warranty or representation either as to the results to be obtained from the Notes and 
Warrants or the suitability of the Index for the purpose to which it is being put by the Issuer. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE HANG SENG INDEX 
The Hang Seng Index (the "Index") is published and compiled by Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited 
pursuant to a licence from Hang Seng Data Services Limited. The mark and name Hang Seng Index is 
proprietary to Hang Seng Data Services Limited. Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited and Hang Seng 
Data Services Limited have agreed to the use of, and reference to, the Index by the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes or Warrants (the "Products"), BUT NEITHER HANG SENG INDEXES COMPANY 
LIMITED NOR HANG SENG DATA SERVICES LIMITED WARRANTS OR REPRESENTS OR 
GUARANTEES TO ANY BROKER OR HOLDER OF THE PRODUCT OR ANY OTHER 
PERSON (i) THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INDEX AND ITS 
COMPUTATION OR ANY INFORMATION RELATED THERETO; OR (ii) THE FITNESS OR 
SUITABILITY FOR ANY PURPOSE OF THE INDEX OR ANY COMPONENT OR DATA 
COMPRISED IN IT; OR (iii) THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON 
FROM THE USE OF THE INDEX OR ANY COMPONENT OR DATA COMPRISED IN IT FOR 
ANY PURPOSE, AND NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE OF ANY 
KIND WHATSOEVER RELATING TO THE INDEX IS GIVEN OR MAY BE IMPLIED. THE 
PROCESS AND BASIS OF COMPUTATION AND COMPILATION OF THE INDEX AND ANY 
OF THE RELATED FORMULA OR FORMULAE, CONSTITUENT STOCKS AND FACTORS 
MAY AT ANY TIME BE CHANGED OR ALTERED BY HANG SENG INDEXES COMPANY 
LIMITED WITHOUT NOTICE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NO 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED BY HANG SENG INDEXES COMPANY 
LIMITED OR HANG SENG DATA SERVICES LIMITED (i) IN RESPECT OF THE USE OF 
AND/OR REFERENCE TO THE INDEX BY THE ISSUER IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PRODUCT; OR (ii) FOR ANY INACCURACIES, OMISSIONS, MISTAKES OR ERRORS OF 
HANG SENG INDEXES COMPANY LIMITED IN THE COMPUTATION OF THE INDEX; OR 
(iii) FOR ANY INACCURACIES, OMISSIONS, MISTAKES, ERRORS OR INCOMPLETENESS 
OF ANY INFORMATION USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMPUTATION OF THE 
INDEX WHICH IS SUPPLIED BY ANY OTHER PERSON; OR (iv) FOR ANY ECONOMIC OR 
OTHER LOSS WHICH MAY BE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY SUSTAINED BY ANY BROKER 
OR HOLDER OF THE PRODUCT OR ANY OTHER PERSON DEALING WITH THE PRODUCT 
AS A RESULT OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID, AND NO CLAIMS, ACTIONS OR LEGAL 
PROCEEDINGS MAY BE BROUGHT AGAINST HANG SENG INDEXES COMPANY LIMITED 
AND/OR HANG SENG DATA SERVICES LIMITED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCT 
IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER BY ANY BROKER, HOLDER OR OTHER PERSON

--- Page 568 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 556 - 
70-41030487 
 
DEALING WITH THE PRODUCT. ANY BROKER, HOLDER OR OTHER PERSON DEALING 
WITH THE PRODUCT DOES SO THEREFORE IN FULL KNOWLEDGE OF THIS 
DISCLAIMER AND CAN PLACE NO RELIANCE WHATSOEVER ON HANG SENG INDEXES 
COMPANY LIMITED AND HANG SENG DATA SERVICES LIMITED. FOR THE AVOIDANCE 
OF DOUBT, THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT CREATE ANY CONTRACTUAL OR QUASI-
CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY BROKER, HOLDER OR OTHER PERSON 
AND HANG SENG INDEXES COMPANY LIMITED AND/OR HANG SENG DATA SERVICES 
LIMITED AND MUST NOT BE CONSTRUED TO HAVE CREATED SUCH RELATIONSHIP. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE IBEX 35 INDEX 
BME Market Data does not sponsor, promote, or in any way evaluate the advisability of investing in the 
Notes or Warrants and the authorisation granted to the Issuer for the use of IBEX 35® trademark does not 
imply any approval in relation with the information offered by the Issuer or with the usefulness or interest 
in the investment in the Notes or Warrants. 
BME Market Data does not warrant in any case nor for any reason whatsoever: (a) the continuity of the 
composition of the IBEX 35® Index exactly as it is today or at any other time in the past; (b) the continuity 
of the method for calculating the IBEX 35® Index exactly as it is calculated today or at any other time in 
the past; (c) the continuity of the calculation, formula and publication of the IBEX 35® Index; (d) the 
precision, integrity or freedom from errors or mistakes in the composition and calculation of the IBEX 35® 
Index; or (e) the suitability of the IBEX 35® Index for the anticipated purposes for the Notes or Warrants. 
The Issuer and/or holders of the Notes or the Warrants that use one or more Indices commercialised by 
BME Market Data acknowledge the rules governing the price formation of the instruments included in the 
relevant Indices as well as of the Indices itself, in accordance with the free concurrence of buy and sell 
orders in a neutral and transparent market, and undertake to respect them and refrain from any action non-
compliant with them. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE KOSPI 200 INDEX 
The "KOSPI 200 Index" is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates ("SPDJI") and the 
third-party licensor (if any) and has been licensed for use by the Issuer. Standard & Poor's® and S&P® are 
registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P"); Dow Jones® is a registered 
trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"); third-party licensor trademarks (if any) 
are trademarks of the third party licensor; and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and 
sublicensed for certain purposes by the Issuer. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. The Notes 
and Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, any of their 
respective affiliates (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices") or the third-party licensor (if any). Neither 
S&P Dow Jones Indices nor the third-party licensor (if any) make any representation or warranty, express 
or implied, to the owners of the Notes and Warrants or any member of the public regarding the advisability 
of investing in securities generally or in Notes and Warrants particularly or the ability of the KOSPI 200 
Index to track general market performance. Past performance of an index is not an indication or guarantee 
of future results. S&P Dow Jones Indices' and the third-party licensor's (if any) only relationship to the 
Issuer with respect to the KOSPI 200 Index is the licensing of the Index and certain trademarks, service 
marks and/or trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its licensors. The KOSPI 200 Index is 
determined, composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices or the third-party licensor (if any) without 
regard to the Issuer or the Notes and Warrants. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party licensor (if any) 
have no obligation to take the needs of the Issuer or the owners of the Notes and Warrants into consideration 
in determining, composing or calculating the KOSPI 200 Index. Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor the 
third-party licensor (if any) are responsible for and have not participated in the determination of the prices, 
and amount of the Notes and Warrants or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Notes and Warrants or in 
the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes and Warrants are to be converted into 
cash, surrendered or redeemed, as the case may be. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party licensor (if 
any) have no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Notes 
and Warrants. There is no assurance that investment products based on the KOSPI 200 Index will accurately 
track index performance or provide positive investment returns. S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an 
investment or tax advisor. A tax advisor should be consulted to evaluate the impact of any tax-exempt 
securities on portfolios and the tax consequences of making any particular investment decision. Inclusion 
of a security within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such 
security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.

--- Page 569 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 557 - 
70-41030487 
 
NEITHER S&P DOW JONES INDICES NOR THE THIRD PARTY-LICENSOR (IF ANY) 
GUARANTEES THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF 
THE KOSPI 200 INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING 
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO. S&P DOW JONES INDICES 
AND THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES 
OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN. S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES AND THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY 
THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE NOTES OR WARRANTS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY 
FROM THE USE OF THE KOSPI 200 INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED 
THERETO. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER 
SHALL S&P DOW JONES INDICES OR THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR 
GOODWILL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THERE ARE NO THIRD 
PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW 
JONES INDICES AND THE ISSUER, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING MSCI INDICES 
THIS FINANCIAL PRODUCT IS NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY MSCI 
INC. ("MSCI"), ANY AFFILIATE OF MSCI OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED 
TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE 
PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES ARE SERVICE MARK(S) OF MSCI 
OR ITS AFFILIATES AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES BY THE 
ISSUER. NEITHER MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, 
OR 
RELATED 
TO, 
MAKING 
OR 
COMPILING 
ANY 
MSCI 
INDEX 
MAKES 
ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE OWNERS OF THIS 
FINANCIAL PRODUCT OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY 
OF INVESTING IN FINANCIAL SECURITIES GENERALLY OR IN THIS FINANCIAL PRODUCT 
PARTICULARLY OR THE ABILITY OF ANY MSCI INDEX TO TRACK CORRESPONDING STOCK 
MARKET PERFORMANCE. MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES ARE THE LICENSORS OF CERTAIN 
TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS AND TRADE NAMES AND OF THE MSCI INDEXES WHICH 
ARE DETERMINED, COMPOSED AND CALCULATED BY MSCI WITHOUT REGARD TO THIS 
FINANCIAL PRODUCT OR THE ISSUER OR OWNER OF THIS FINANCIAL PRODUCT. NEITHER 
MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, 
MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF 
THE ISSUER OR OWNERS OF THIS FINANCIAL PRODUCT INTO CONSIDERATION IN 
DETERMINING, COMPOSING OR CALCULATING THE MSCI INDEXES. NEITHER MSCI, ITS 
AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR 
COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OR HAS PARTICIPATED IN THE 
DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING OF, PRICES AT, OR QUANTITIES OF THIS FINANCIAL 
PRODUCT TO BE ISSUED OR IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE 
EQUATION BY WHICH THIS FINANCIAL PRODUCT IS REDEEMABLE FOR CASH. NEITHER 
MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, 
THE MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY TO 
THE 
OWNERS 
OF 
THIS 
FINANCIAL 
PRODUCT 
IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH 
THE 
ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR OFFERING OF THIS FINANCIAL PRODUCT. 
ALTHOUGH MSCI SHALL OBTAIN INFORMATION FOR INCLUSION IN OR FOR USE IN THE 
CALCULATION OF THE MSCI INDEXES FROM SOURCES WHICH MSCI CONSIDERS 
RELIABLE, NEITHER MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, 
OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES 
THE ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY 
DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER 
PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES 
ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY LICENSEE,

--- Page 570 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 558 - 
70-41030487 
 
LICENSEE'S CUSTOMERS OR COUNTERPARTIES, THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SECURITIES, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, FROM THE USE OF ANY MSCI INDEX OR 
ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE RIGHTS LICENSED 
HEREUNDER OR FOR ANY OTHER USE. NEITHER MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY 
OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, NOR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX 
SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. FURTHER, 
NEITHER MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR 
RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND MSCI, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES AND ANY OTHER 
PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HEREBY 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY MSCI INDEX AND ANY DATA INCLUDED 
THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL MSCI, ANY 
OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR 
COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) EVEN 
IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
No purchaser, seller or holder of a security, or any other person or entity, should use or refer to any MSCI 
trade name, trademark or service mark to sponsor, endorse, market or promote this product without first 
contacting MSCI to determine whether MSCI's permission is required. Under no circumstances may any 
person or entity claim any affiliation with MSCI without the prior written permission of MSCI. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE NASDAQ INDEX 
Neither the Notes nor the Warrants are sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Nasdaq, Inc. or its 
affiliates (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as the "Corporations"). The Corporations have not 
passed on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating 
to, the Notes or the Warrants. The Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied to 
the owners of the Notes or the Warrants or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing 
in securities generally or in the Notes or the Warrants particularly, or the ability of the NASDAQ Index to 
track general stock market performance. The Corporations' only relationship to the Issuer ("Licensee") is 
in the licensing of the NASDAQ® and NASDAQ Index registered trademarks and certain trade names of 
the Corporations and the use of the NASDAQ Index which is determined, composed and calculated by 
Nasdaq without regard to the Licensee or the Notes or the Warrants. Nasdaq has no obligation to take the 
needs of the Licensee or the owners of the Notes or the Warrants into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the NASDAQ Index. The Corporations are not responsible for and have not 
participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Notes or the Warrants to be 
issued or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes or the Warrants are to be 
converted into cash. The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or 
trading of the Notes or the Warrants. 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED 
CALCULATION OF THE NASDAQ INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. THE 
CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE 
OBTAINED BY LICENSEE, OWNERS OF NOTES OR WARRANTS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON 
OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED 
THEREIN. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ INDEX OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT 
SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN 
IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE NIKKEI INDEX 
The Nikkei Stock Average (the "Index") is the intellectual property of Nikkei Inc. (the "Index Sponsor"). 
"Nikkei", "Nikkei Stock Average", and "Nikkei 225" are the service marks of Nikkei Inc. Nikkei Inc. 
reserves all the rights, including copyright, to the Index.

--- Page 571 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 559 - 
70-41030487 
 
The Notes or the Warrants are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The 
Index Sponsor does not make any warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained as to the use of the Index or the figure at which the Index stands at any particular 
day or otherwise. The Index is compiled and calculated solely by the Index Sponsor. However, the Index 
Sponsor shall not be liable to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor shall not be under 
any obligation to advise any person, including a purchaser or holder of the Notes or the Warrants, of any 
error therein. 
In addition, the Index Sponsor gives no assurance regarding any modification or change in any methodology 
used in calculating the Index and is under no obligation to continue the calculation, publication and 
dissemination of the Index. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE RUSSELL 2000 INDEX 
The Notes and Warrants have been developed solely by the Issuer. The Notes and Warrants are not in any 
way connected to or sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the London Stock Exchange Group plc and 
its group undertakings (collectively, the "LSE Group"). FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of the 
LSE Group companies. 
All rights in the Russell 2000 Index (the "Index") vest in the relevant LSE Group company which owns 
the Index. FTSE®, Russell® and FTSE Russell® are trade marks of the relevant LSE Group company and 
are used by any other LSE Group company under license. 
The Index is calculated by or on behalf of FTSE International Limited or its affiliate, agent or partner. The 
LSE Group does not accept any liability whatsoever to any person arising out of (a) the use of, reliance on 
or any error in the Index or (b) investment in or operation of the Notes and Warrants. The LSE Group makes 
no claim, prediction, warranty or representation either as to the results to be obtained from the Notes and 
Warrants or the suitability of the Index for the purpose to which it is being put by the Issuer. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE STANDARD & POOR'S 500® INDEX (THE "S&P 500 
INDEX") 
The "S&P 500 Index" is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates ("SPDJI") and the third-
party licensor (if any) and has been licensed for use by the Issuer. Standard & Poor's® and S&P® are 
registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P"); Dow Jones® is a registered 
trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"); third-party licensor trademarks (if any) 
are trademarks of the third party licensor; and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and 
sublicensed for certain purposes by the Issuer. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. The Notes 
and Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, any of their 
respective affiliates (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices") or the third-party licensor (if any). Neither 
S&P Dow Jones Indices nor the third-party licensor (if any) make any representation or warranty, express 
or implied, to the owners of the Notes and Warrants or any member of the public regarding the advisability 
of investing in securities generally or in Notes and Warrants particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 Index 
to track general market performance. Past performance of an index is not an indication or guarantee of 
future results. S&P Dow Jones Indices' and the third-party licensor's (if any) only relationship to the Issuer 
with respect to the S&P 500 Index is the licensing of the Index and certain trademarks, service marks and/or 
trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its licensors. The S&P 500 Index is determined, composed 
and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices or the third-party licensor (if any) without regard to the Issuer 
or the Notes and Warrants. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party licensor (if any) have no obligation 
to take the needs of the Issuer or the owners of the Notes and Warrants into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the S&P 500 Index. Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor the third-party licensor 
(if any) are responsible for and have not participated in the determination of the prices, and amount of the 
Notes and Warrants or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Notes and Warrants or in the determination 
or calculation of the equation by which the Notes and Warrants are to be converted into cash, surrendered 
or redeemed, as the case may be. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party licensor (if any) have no 
obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Notes and Warrants. 
There is no assurance that investment products based on the S&P 500 Index will accurately track index 
performance or provide positive investment returns. S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an investment or 
tax advisor. A tax advisor should be consulted to evaluate the impact of any tax-exempt securities on 
portfolios and the tax consequences of making any particular investment decision. Inclusion of a security

--- Page 572 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 560 - 
70-41030487 
 
within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor 
is it considered to be investment advice. 
NEITHER S&P DOW JONES INDICES NOR THE THIRD PARTY-LICENSOR (IF ANY) 
GUARANTEES THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF 
THE S&P 500 INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING 
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO. S&P DOW JONES INDICES 
AND THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES 
OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN. S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES AND THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY 
THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE NOTES OR WARRANTS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY 
FROM THE USE OF THE S&P 500 INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED 
THERETO. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER 
SHALL S&P DOW JONES INDICES OR THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR 
GOODWILL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THERE ARE NO THIRD 
PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW 
JONES INDICES AND THE ISSUER, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE TOPIX INDEX 
The "TOPIX Index Value and the TOPIX Marks" (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices 
LLC or its affiliates ("SPDJI") and the third-party licensor (if any) and has been licensed for use by the 
Issuer. Standard & Poor's® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services 
LLC ("S&P"); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow 
Jones"); third-party licensor trademarks (if any) are trademarks of the third party licensor; and these 
trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by the Issuer. It is not 
possible to invest directly in an index. The Notes and Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or 
promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, any of their respective affiliates (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones 
Indices") or the third-party licensor (if any). Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor the third-party licensor 
(if any) make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Notes and Warrants 
or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in Notes and 
Warrants particularly or the ability of the Index to track general market performance. Past performance of 
an index is not an indication or guarantee of future results. S&P Dow Jones Indices' and the third-party 
licensor's (if any) only relationship to the Issuer with respect to the Index is the licensing of the Index and 
certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its licensors. The 
Index is determined, composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices or the third-party licensor (if 
any) without regard to the Issuer or the Notes and Warrants. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party 
licensor (if any) have no obligation to take the needs of the Issuer or the owners of the Notes and Warrants 
into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Index. Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor 
the third-party licensor (if any) are responsible for and have not participated in the determination of the 
prices, and amount of the Notes and Warrants or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Notes and Warrants 
or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes and Warrants are to be converted 
into cash, surrendered or redeemed, as the case may be. S&P Dow Jones Indices and the third-party licensor 
(if any) have no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the 
Notes and Warrants. There is no assurance that investment products based on the Index will accurately 
track index performance or provide positive investment returns. S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an 
investment or tax advisor. A tax advisor should be consulted to evaluate the impact of any tax-exempt 
securities on portfolios and the tax consequences of making any particular investment decision. Inclusion 
of a security within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such 
security, nor is it considered to be investment advice. 
NEITHER S&P DOW JONES INDICES NOR THE THIRD PARTY-LICENSOR (IF ANY) 
GUARANTEES THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF 
THE INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION, INCLUDING

--- Page 573 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 561 - 
70-41030487 
 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ELECTRONIC 
COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO. S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND THE THIRD-
PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR 
ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN. S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND THE 
THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE ISSUER, 
OWNERS OF THE NOTES OR WARRANTS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE 
USE OF THE INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. WITHOUT 
LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES OR THE THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR (IF ANY) BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR GOODWILL, EVEN IF 
THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THERE ARE NO THIRD PARTY 
BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES AND THE ISSUER, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES. 
STATEMENTS REGARDING THE TWSE CAPITALIZATION WEIGHTED STOCK INDEX 
(TAIEX) 
TAIEX, Taiwan Stock Exchange Capitalization Weighted Stock Index, is the registered service / trademark 
owned by, and proprietary to Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation ("TWSE"). Any unauthorized use of 
TAIEX is strictly prohibited. All information provided is for information purposes only and no warranty is 
made as to its fitness for purpose, satisfactory quality or otherwise. Every effort has been made to ensure 
that all information given is accurate, but no responsibility or liability (including in negligence) can be 
accepted by TWSE for errors or omissions or for any losses arising from the use of this information. 
B. ETF Disclaimers 
Where a Series of Notes relates to any exchange-traded fund, a statement will be included in an annex 
to the relevant Final Terms in or substantially in the form set out below: 
"Notes issued by the Issuer are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any ETF, any ETF manager 
or the affiliates of any such ETF or ETF manager (collectively, the "Publisher"). The Publisher shall not 
be liable (whether as a result of negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in any information 
relating to such ETF and the Publisher is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The 
Publisher does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the prospective investors or 
any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Notes 
particularly. 
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Holders of the Notes for any act or failure to act by any ETF or ETF 
manager in connection with the management of such ETF or the computation, composition or dissemination 
of any data produced by any ETF or ETF manager relevant to the Notes. The Issuer has no affiliation with 
or control over any ETF or ETF manager or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination 
of any data produced by any ETF or ETF manager or the management processes of any ETF. The only 
relationship the Publisher has with the Issuer is as licensee (the "Licensee") regarding the licensing of 
certain trademarks and trade names of the Publisher. The Publisher is not responsible for and neither has 
participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Notes to be offered or issued 
or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes to be offered or issued are to be 
converted into cash or otherwise disposed of. The Publisher does not have any obligation or liability in 
connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Notes to be offered or issued. 
Although the Issuer will obtain information concerning various ETFs or ETF managers from publicly 
available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
The provisions of this section are without prejudice to the responsibilities assumed by the Issuer in this 
Base Prospectus."

--- Page 574 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 562 - 
70-41030487 
 
Where a Series of Warrants relates to any exchange-traded fund, a statement will be included in an 
annex to the relevant Final Terms in or substantially in the form set out below: 
"Warrants issued by the Issuer are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any ETF, any ETF manager 
or the affiliates of any such ETF or ETF manager (collectively, the "Publisher"). The Publisher shall not 
be liable (whether as a result of negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in any information 
relating to such ETF and the Publisher is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The 
Publisher does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the prospective investors or 
any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Warrants 
particularly. 
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Holders of the Warrants for any act or failure to act by any ETF or 
ETF manager in connection with the management of such ETF or the computation, composition or 
dissemination of any data produced by any ETF or ETF manager relevant to the Warrants. The Issuer has 
no affiliation with or control over any ETF or ETF manager or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of any data produced by any ETF or ETF manager or the management 
processes of any ETF. The only relationship the Publisher has with the Issuer is as licensee (the "Licensee") 
regarding the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of the Publisher. The Publisher is not 
responsible for and neither has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of 
the Warrants to be offered or issued or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the 
Warrants to be offered or issued are to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of. The Publisher does 
not have any obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the 
Warrants to be offered or issued. 
Although the Issuer will obtain information concerning various ETFs or ETF managers from publicly 
available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
The provisions of this section are without prejudice to the responsibilities assumed by the Issuer in this 
Base Prospectus."

--- Page 575 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 563 - 
70-41030487 
 
Index of Defined Terms 
This section indicates where terms used in this Base Prospectus have been defined. 
£ ix 
¥ x 
€ x, 150, 239, 328, 500 
€STR ....................................... 28, 138, 228, 315 
2006 ISDA Definitions ..................138, 227, 315 
2013 Conditions ............................................. 35 
2013 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2013 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2014 Conditions ............................................. 35 
2014 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2014 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2016 Conditions ............................................. 35 
2016 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2016 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2017 Conditions ............................................. 35 
2017 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2017 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2018 Conditions ............................................. 35 
2018 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2018 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2019 Conditions ............................................. 35 
2019 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2019 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2020 Annual Report and Accounts ................. 35 
2020 Conditions ............................................. 36 
2020 Note Conditions ..................................... 35 
2020 Warrant Conditions ............................... 35 
2021 Annual Report and Accounts ................. 35 
2021 Conditions ............................................. 36 
2021 ISDA Definitions ..................138, 227, 315 
2021 Note Conditions ..................................... 36 
2021 Warrant Conditions ............................... 36 
2022 Prospectus .............................408, 437, 538 
2022 Prospectus Expiry Date ........408, 437, 538 
2023 Prospectus .............................408, 437, 538 
30/360 ............................................147, 236, 324 
30E/360 .........................................147, 237, 324 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................148, 237, 325 
360/360 ..........................................147, 236, 324 
A/360 .............................................147, 236, 324 
A/365 (Fixed) ................................147, 236, 323 
A/365F ...........................................147, 236, 323 
Account Holders ........................................... 263 
Accountholder .............................................. 121 
accredited investor ........................................ 487 
Accredited Investor ...................................... 129 
accredited investors ...................................... 487 
Act/360 ..........................................147, 236, 324 
Act/365 (Fixed) .............................147, 236, 323 
Act/Act ..........................................146, 236, 323 
Act/Act (ICMA) ............................146, 236, 323 
Act/Act (ISDA) .............................146, 236, 323 
Actual/360 .....................................147, 236, 324 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................147, 236, 323 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .....................147, 236, 323 
Actual/Actual ................................ 146, 236, 323 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................. 146, 236, 323 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................... 146, 236, 323 
Additional Disruption Event . 138, 228, 315, 495 
Additional Information regarding Offshore RMB
 .................................................................... 31 
Administrator/Benchmark Event138, 228, 315, 
495 
Affected Instrument ........................................ 25 
Affected Relevant Benchmark138, 228, 315, 
495 
Affected Unit(s) .................... 225, 311, 406, 536 
Agents ................................................... 138, 315 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount ... 138, 
228, 315 
Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Nominal 
Amount 
Rounding ................................................... 112 
Alternative English Law Conditions ................. 1 
Alternative English Law Conditions Notes ....... 7 
Alternative Exchange138, 148, 228, 238, 315, 
325, 495, 498 
Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate... 138, 
228, 315, 495 
Alternative Payment Currency139, 228, 316, 
495 
Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent ... 139, 
228, 316, 495 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate
 .......................................... 139, 228, 316, 495 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date . 139, 
229, 316, 496 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page . 139, 
229, 316, 496 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time 139, 
229, 316, 496 
Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction . 139, 
229, 316, 496 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index139, 229, 317, 
496 
Alternative Representative ............................ 299 
AMF ...................................................... 127, 485 
Amounts Due ................................................ 312 
Applicable Framework .................................... 38 
Applicable Period.......................... 182, 269, 361 
Asset Management Tax ................................... 50 
atypical securities ............................................ 51 
AUD .............................................. 169, 258, 347 
Authorised Offeror .......................................... vii 
Autocall Averaging End Date ....... 141, 230, 318 
Autocall Averaging Period............ 141, 230, 318 
Autocall Averaging Start Date ...... 141, 230, 318 
Autocall Observation End Date .... 166, 255, 345 
Autocall Observation Period ......... 166, 255, 345 
Autocall Observation Start Date ... 166, 255, 345

--- Page 576 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 564 - 
70-41030487 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount140, 229, 
317 
Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)140, 229, 
317 
Automatic Early Redemption Event140, 
229, 
317 
Automatic Early Redemption Event" ........... 109 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage .... 109, 
140, 229, 317 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate109, 140, 229, 
317 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date
 .......................................................... 140, 317 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates(s)
 .................................................................. 230 
Average Basket............................................... 74 
Average Basket – Highest Observation Date140, 
230, 317 
Average Basket – Lowest Observation Date 140, 
230, 317 
Average Index Level .................................... 496 
Average Level ......................... 72, 171, 261, 350 
Average Price .......................... 72, 172, 261, 351 
Average Security Price ................................. 496 
Averaging Date............................................. 496 
Averaging Date Market Disruption220, 305, 400, 
531 
Averaging Date(s) .........................140, 230, 317 
Averaging Dates ........................................... 465 
Averaging Index Level ................................. 497 
Averaging Period ...........................141, 230, 318 
Averaging Security Price .............................. 497 
Bail-In Legislation ........................................ 312 
Banking Act .................................................... 19 
Barrier............................................................. 77 
Barrier Event ... 79, 82, 86, 88, 90, 141, 231, 318 
Barrier Level77, 79, 82, 86, 88, 90, 142, 231, 319 
Barrier Observation Method ..........142, 231, 319 
Barrier Valuation Date ........... 77, 142, 231, 319 
Barrier Valuation Dates .................................. 77 
Barrier Valuation Period................143, 232, 320 
Barrier Valuation Period End Date 143, 232, 320 
Barrier Valuation Period Start Date143, 
232, 
320 
Base Prospectus ................................................ 1 
Basket ............................ 143, 232, 320, 475, 497 
Basket of Indices ............................................ 67 
Basket of Securities ................................ 67, 464 
Basket of Underlyings ............................ 67, 464 
BBR ...............................................143, 232, 320 
Bearer Notes ......................................... 174, 353 
Belgian Consumer ................................ 127, 484 
Benchmark Trigger Event12, 143, 232, 320, 497 
Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date
 ........................................... 143, 233, 320, 497 
Bermudan ........ 77, 141, 142, 231, 232, 318, 319 
Best of Basket153, 154, 158, 162, 164, 242, 252, 
253, 330, 331, 341, 342 
Best Of Basket ................................................ 74 
Best Performing Index ...................143, 233, 320 
Best Performing Security .............. 143, 233, 320 
BITC 1992 ...................................................... 44 
Bond Basis .................................... 147, 236, 324 
bridge institution ............................................. 20 
BRRD ............................................................. 19 
Business Centre ............................................. 497 
Business Centre(s) ........................ 143, 233, 320 
Business Day ......................... 143, 233, 320, 497 
Business Day Convention ............. 143, 233, 320 
C(WUMP)O .......................................... 129, 486 
Calculation Agent ................. 137, 227, 314, 494 
Calculation Amount .............. 111, 144, 234, 321 
Calculation Period ......................... 146, 236, 323 
Call Warrant .................................. 472, 476, 478 
Cap79, 82, 90, 93, 95, 100, 104, 107, 144, 234, 
321, 497 
Capped Call Warrant ............................. 473, 477 
Cash Settlement Amount .............. 464, 497, 523 
Cash Settlement Payment Date ..................... 497 
Central Bank ..................................................... 1 
Change in Law .......... 10, 11, 144, 234, 321, 497 
CHF ............................................... 169, 258, 348 
CISA ..................................................... 132, 490 
Clearing System .................... 144, 234, 321, 498 
Clearing System Business Day145, 234, 321, 
498 
Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event 145, 
234, 322, 498 
Clearstream ................................................... 263 
Clearstream, Luxembourg . 1, 145, 234, 322, 498 
Closing Level .......................... 69, 145, 234, 322 
Closing Price ........................... 70, 145, 234, 322 
CMP Regulations 2018 ................. 410, 439, 540 
CNY .................................................................. x 
Collective Decisions ..................................... 299 
Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax .... 50 
Common Code ................................................ 61 
Common Depositary ..................................... 121 
Companies Act ................................................ 61 
Component Security .............. 145, 235, 322, 498 
Computershare Agency Agreement137, 
314, 
494 
Conditional Protection Percentage81, 88, 90, 
145, 235, 322 
Conditionsx, 4, 137, 227, 314, 408, 409, 437, 438, 
494, 538, 539 
CONSOB .............................................. 127, 485 
Corporations .................................................. 558 
Corresponding Tenor .................... 194, 281, 372 
Coupon Trigger Amount ....... 114, 145, 235, 322 
Coupon Trigger Averaging End Date141, 
230, 
318 
Coupon Trigger Averaging Period 141, 230, 318 
Coupon Trigger Averaging Start Date141, 230, 
318 
Coupon Trigger Event ............. 67, 145, 235, 322 
Coupon Trigger Level ........... 114, 145, 235, 322 
Coupon Trigger Observation End Date166, 255, 
345

--- Page 577 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 565 - 
70-41030487 
 
Coupon Trigger Observation Period166, 
255, 
345 
Coupon Trigger Observation Start Date166, 255, 
345 
Coupon Trigger Payment Date ......145, 235, 322 
Coupon Trigger Rate ............. 114, 145, 235, 322 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Event67, 145, 235, 
322 
Coupon Trigger Recovery Level ...146, 235, 323 
Coupon Trigger Valuation Date ....146, 235, 323 
Couponholders...................................... 138, 315 
Coupons ................................................ 138, 314 
CREST ......................................1, 146, 323, 498 
CREST Registrar ...........................137, 314, 494 
Cross Currency ...................... 146, 235, 323, 498 
Cross Currency Jurisdiction .. 146, 236, 323, 498 
d 182, 269, 361 
D 340 
d0 182, 269, 361 
D1 .......................................................... 324, 325 
D2 .......................................................... 324, 325 
Daily ................ 77, 141, 142, 231, 232, 318, 319 
day ......................................... 139, 229, 316, 496 
Day Count Fraction ............... 111, 146, 236, 323 
dc 182, 269, 361 
Dealer ...................................... vi, 137, 227, 314 
Dealers ...........................................137, 227, 314 
Decree No. 239 ............................................... 48 
Decree No. 252 ............................................... 49 
Decree No. 461 ............................................... 48 
Decree No. 58 ....................................... 127, 485 
Decree no. 917 ................................................ 48 
Deed of Covenant ................................. 137, 314 
Deferral Period148, 210, 238, 295, 325, 389, 498, 
521 
Definitive Bearer Notes ................................ 121 
Definitive Notes ................................... 174, 353 
Definitive Registered Notes ......................... 123 
Definitive Registered Warrants .................... 515 
Delisting ................................ 148, 238, 325, 498 
Deposit Agreement ................ 148, 238, 325, 498 
Depository ............................. 148, 238, 325, 498 
Depository Receipt(s) ............ 148, 238, 325, 498 
Derivative Component.................................. 325 
Derivative Component Market Value ........... 325 
designee .........................................190, 277, 369 
DFSA .................................................... 125, 483 
Digital Amount ............................................. 498 
Digital Coupon ..............................145, 235, 322 
Digital Return Percentage88, 90, 97, 102, 104, 
148, 238 
Digital Return Percentage............................. 326 
Dispute .................................. 226, 313, 407, 537 
Disrupted Day........................ 148, 238, 326, 499 
Disrupted Day Related Payment Date149, 238, 
326 
dividend equivalent ........................................ 58 
Domestic Investor ................................. 130, 488 
Dow Jones ............................. 554, 556, 559, 560 
DR-Linked Notes ..........................149, 238, 326 
DR-Linked Warrants ..................................... 499 
Early Closure ........................ 149, 238, 326, 499 
Early Redemption Amount ........... 149, 239, 326 
Early Redemption Date ......................... 213, 393 
Early Redemption for Autocallable Notes ...... 67 
Early Redemption Valuation Date ................ 327 
ECB's Website .............................. 185, 272, 363 
EEA ........................................... 1, 409, 438, 539 
EEA Member State ............................... 126, 484 
Effective Interest Payment Date ... 182, 269, 361 
Electronic Consent ........................................ 301 
EMU Event ........................... 149, 239, 327, 499 
English Law Notes ............................................ 1 
Equity-Linked Notes ................. 1, 149, 239, 327 
Equity-Linked Warrants ............................ 1, 499 
ESG Assets ..................................................... 32 
ESG Bonds ................................................ 32, 38 
ETF ....................................... 149, 239, 327, 499 
ETF Adviser .......................... 150, 239, 327, 499 
ETF Documents .................... 150, 239, 327, 500 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ........................ 2, 12 
EU CRA Regulation ......................................... 2 
EU Prospectus Regulation1, 125, 126, 127, 408, 
409, 437, 438, 483, 484, 485, 538, 539 
EUR .......... x, 150, 169, 239, 258, 328, 348, 500 
EURIBOR ............................... 12, 150, 239, 328 
euro ................................... x, 150, 239, 328, 500 
Euro ................................... x, 150, 239, 328, 500 
Euro Business Day ................ 150, 239, 328, 500 
Euro Exchange Date ............................. 150, 328 
Euro Exchange Notice .......................... 150, 328 
Eurobond Basis ............................. 147, 237, 324 
Euroclear ................... 1, 150, 239, 263, 328, 500 
Euroclear France ............................... 1, 239, 263 
Eurodollar Convention .................. 144, 233, 321 
Euronext Dublin ................................................ 1 
European ................. 77, 141, 142, 231, 318, 319 
European Style .............................................. 517 
EUWA .............................. 1, 409, 438, 492, 539 
Event of Default .................... 3, 4, 213, 298, 392 
Exchange ....................... 150, 239, 240, 328, 500 
Exchange Business Day ........ 150, 240, 328, 500 
exchange date ........................................ 150, 328 
Exchange Disruption ............. 150, 240, 328, 500 
exercise ......................................................... 518 
Exercise Date ................................................ 500 
Exercise Notice ............................................. 501 
Expiry Date ........................................... 464, 501 
Extraordinary Dividend ........ 151, 240, 329, 501 
Extraordinary ETF Event ...... 151, 240, 329, 501 
Extraordinary Event .............. 152, 242, 330, 503 
Extraordinary Fund Event ............................... 23 
F 340 
Face Value .................................... 469, 470, 503 
Fair Market Value ................. 152, 242, 330, 503 
Fallback Reference Price .............. 209, 294, 389 
Fall-Back Reference Price ............................ 520 
FCA ................................................................... 2 
FCA LIBOR Announcement .......................... 12 
Federal Reserve's Website ............ 190, 278, 369

--- Page 578 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 566 - 
70-41030487 
 
Fee Component............................................. 330 
FIEA ..................................................... 129, 487 
Final Index Basket Level ...............153, 242, 330 
Final Index Level ........... 153, 242, 331, 475, 503 
Final Index Performance ....... 153, 242, 331, 503 
Final Performance Averaging Period141, 
230, 
318 
Final Performance Observation Period166, 255, 
345 
Final Redemption Amount66, 154, 197, 244, 
285, 332, 376 
Final Securities Basket Price .........154, 243, 331 
Final Security Performance ...........154, 243, 504 
Final Security Price ............... 154, 244, 332, 503 
Final Terms ......... 1, 66, 137, 227, 314, 464, 494 
Final Valuation Averaging End Date141, 
230, 
318 
Final Valuation Averaging Start Date141, 230, 
318 
Final Valuation Date ............. 155, 244, 332, 504 
Final Valuation Observation End Date166, 255, 
345 
Final Valuation Observation Start Date166, 255, 
345 
FINMA ................................................. 132, 490 
FinSA ............................ 132, 410, 439, 490, 540 
FinSO ............................ 132, 410, 439, 490, 540 
First Barrier Valuation Date ........................... 86 
Fitch .................................................................. 2 
Fixed Coupon Amounts ................................ 111 
Fixed Rate Note .............................155, 244, 332 
Fixed Rate Note provisions ............................ 67 
Fixed Rate Notes ............................................ 32 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes .............155, 244, 332 
Floating Rate Convention ..............144, 233, 321 
Floating Rate Note .........................155, 244, 332 
Floating Rate Note Provisions ........................ 67 
Floating Rate Option .....................155, 244, 333 
Following Business Day Convention143, 
233, 
321 
Force Majeure............................................... 333 
foreign passthru payments .............................. 57 
French FTT ..................................................... 25 
French Law Conditions .................................... 1 
French Law Notes ............................................ 1 
French Note Agency Agreement .................. 227 
French Qualifying Securities .......................... 25 
FRN Convention............................144, 233, 321 
FS Act ................................................... 129, 487 
FSA ...................................................... 129, 487 
FSMA ........................ 1, 135, 409, 438, 493, 539 
Fund ................................................................ 49 
Funds .............................................................. 49 
FX Cut-off Date..................... 210, 295, 389, 521 
FX Disruption Event ............. 155, 244, 333, 504 
FX Disruption Relevant Currency155, 244, 333, 
504 
GBP ......................................... ix, 169, 258, 348 
GBP Recommended Rate ..............187, 274, 365 
General English Law Conditions ...................... 1 
General Meeting............................................ 300 
Global Note ................................................... 121 
Global Registered Notes ............................... 123 
Global Registered Warrants .......................... 515 
Government Bond ................. 155, 245, 333, 504 
Government Bonds ............... 155, 245, 333, 504 
Governmental Authority ....... 155, 245, 333, 504 
Hedging Disruption ................. 11, 155, 245, 504 
Highest Level .......................... 70, 171, 261, 350 
Highest Price ........................... 70, 172, 261, 351 
Highest Value (Structured) ........................... 333 
Highest Value (Vanilla) ................................ 333 
HK$ ................................................................... x 
HKD .................................................................. x 
HMRC ............................................................. 40 
Holder ................... 175, 263, 354, 505, 515, 516 
holder of any Note ........................................ 263 
holder of Notes .............................................. 263 
Holders .................................. 174, 175, 353, 354 
Hong Kongix, 130, 133, 167, 256, 345, 488, 491, 
510 
Hong Kong dollars ............................................ x 
HSBC Green Bond Framework ...................... 38 
i 182, 269, 361 
IBORs ............................................................. 28 
IGA ................................................................. 57 
Illiquidity .............................. 156, 245, 333, 505 
Inclusive ................................................ 141, 231 
Inclusive Barrier............................................ 318 
Income Tax Act............................................... 41 
Inconvertibility ...................... 156, 245, 333, 505 
Increased Cost of Hedging ...... 11, 156, 245, 505 
Index67, 156, 245, 334, 418, 447, 464, 471, 505, 
541, 553, 555, 558, 559 
Index Basket ......................... 156, 245, 334, 505 
Index Baskets ........................ 156, 245, 334, 505 
Index Cancellation ................ 223, 308, 402, 533 
Index Cancellation Notice ..... 223, 308, 402, 533 
Index Cessation Event ........... 156, 246, 334, 505 
Index Modification................ 222, 308, 402, 533 
Index Rules ........................... 158, 247, 335, 507 
Index Sponsor ............... 158, 247, 335, 507, 558 
Index Substitution Notice...... 158, 247, 335, 507 
Index Value ................................... 183, 270, 361 
IndexEnd ......................................... 183, 270, 361 
Index-Linked Notes .................. 1, 158, 247, 335 
Index-Linked Warrants ............................. 1, 507 
IndexStart ........................................ 183, 270, 361 
Indices ... 156, 245, 334, 418, 447, 464, 505, 541 
Initial Authorised Offeror[s] ......... 432, 460, 549 
Initial Index Basket Level ............. 158, 247, 335 
Initial Index Level ......................................... 158 
Initial Index Level ......................................... 247 
Initial Index Level ......................................... 335 
Initial Index Level ......................................... 507 
Initial Representative .................................... 299 
Initial Securities Basket Price ....... 158, 247, 336 
Initial Security Price ............. 158, 248, 336, 507 
in-scope securities ........................................... 26 
Insolvency ............................. 158, 248, 336, 507

--- Page 579 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 567 - 
70-41030487 
 
Insolvency Filing ............. 11, 158, 248, 336, 507 
Insurance Distribution Directive1, 125, 409, 438, 
483, 539 
interest ............................................................ 42 
Interest ............................................................ 48 
Interest Amount ............... 67, 111, 195, 282, 373 
Interest Commencement Date111, 158, 248, 336 
Interest Determination Date ..........159, 248, 336 
Interest Payment Date ...................159, 248, 336 
Interest Payment Dates ................................. 111 
Interest Period........................ 111, 159, 248, 337 
Intermediaries ................................................. 49 
Intermediary ................................................... 49 
Investor's Currency ......................................... 15 
IRAP ............................................................... 55 
IRC ........................................ 159, 248, 337, 507 
ISDA..............................................159, 248, 337 
ISDA Definitions ... 159, 190, 248, 278, 337, 369 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ...........190, 278, 369 
ISDA Fallback Rate .......................191, 278, 369 
ISDA Rate .....................................179, 266, 358 
ISIN ................................................................ 61 
Issue Agent ....................................137, 314, 494 
Issue Date .............................. 159, 248, 337, 507 
Issue Specific Summary ................................... 7 
Issuer ............................ 1, ii, 137, 227, 314, 494 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement137, 227, 
314 
Italian FTT ...................................................... 25 
Italian FTT on Derivatives ............................. 25 
Italian FTT on Shares ..................................... 26 
Italian Notes ..................................159, 249, 337 
Italian Stock Exchange .......... 159, 249, 337, 507 
Italian Warrants ............................................ 507 
Japanese Yen .................................................... x 
JPY ................................................................... x 
Law Decree No. 124 ....................................... 48 
Law No. 145 ................................................... 48 
Law No. 178 ................................................... 49 
Law No. 232 ................................................... 48 
LEI .................................................................. 62 
LIBOR ............................................................ 12 
Licensee ................................. 553, 558, 561, 562 
Limit Valuation Date16, 159, 219, 221, 249, 304, 
307, 337, 398, 401, 507, 530, 533 
local banking day ................... 159, 249, 337, 508 
Lock-In Coupon Averaging End Date141, 166, 
230, 231, 255, 318, 345 
Lock-In Coupon Averaging Period141, 166, 230, 
231, 255, 318, 345 
Lock-In Coupon Averaging Start Date141, 166, 
230, 231, 255, 318, 345 
Lock-In Coupon Event ............ 67, 159, 249, 337 
Lock-In Coupon Level ..................159, 249, 337 
Lock-In Coupon Observation End Date166, 255, 
345 
Lock-In Coupon Observation Period166, 
255, 
345 
Lock-In Coupon Observation Start Date ..... 166, 
255, 345 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date ... 160, 249, 337 
Lock-In Redemption Averaging End Date .. 141, 
231, 318 
Lock-In Redemption Averaging Period141, 231, 
318 
Lock-In Redemption Averaging Start Date . 141, 
231, 318 
Lock-In Redemption Event67, 108, 160, 249, 
337 
Lock-In Redemption Observation End Date 166, 
255, 345 
Lock-In Redemption Observation Period .... 166, 
255, 345 
Lock-In Redemption Observation Start Date166, 
255, 345 
Lock-In Redemption Percentage67, 160, 249, 
337 
Lock-In Redemption Trigger Level108, 
160, 
249, 337 
Lock-In Redemption Valuation Date .... 249, 338 
Lowest Level ........................... 71, 171, 261, 350 
Lowest Price ........................... 71, 172, 261, 351 
LSE Group ............................................ 555, 559 
M1 ......................................................... 324, 325 
M2 ......................................................... 324, 325 
Macauix, 130, 133, 167, 256, 346, 488, 491, 510 
Manager ........................................................ 494 
Managers ....................................................... 494 
Margin ................................... 112, 160, 250, 338 
Market Disruption Event ....... 160, 250, 338, 508 
Market Value 1 ............................................. 339 
Market Value 2 ............................................. 339 
MAS .............................................. 185, 272, 363 
Masse ............................................................ 299 
Mass-marketing .................................... 131, 489 
Master Note Issuance Agreement . 137, 227, 314 
Master Warrant Issuance Agreement ............ 494 
Maturity Date .. 66, 161, 198, 250, 285, 339, 376 
Maximum Interest Rate ......... 112, 161, 250, 339 
Merger Event 161, 250, 251, 339, 340, 508, 509 
MiFID II .................... 1, 125, 409, 438, 483, 539 
Minimum Exercise Number .................. 509, 522 
Minimum Interest Rate ................. 161, 251, 340 
Minimum Interest Rate'................................. 112 
Minimum Redemption Percentage95, 97, 106, 
107, 161, 251, 340 
Minimum Return Percentage ........ 161, 251, 340 
Modified Business Day Convention144, 
233, 
321 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................. 144, 233, 321 
Modified Postponement ........ 221, 306, 400, 532 
Monetisation Amount ................................... 340 
Moody's ............................................................. 2 
MOT ..................... 1, 41, 62, 431, 459, 494, 548 
MSCI ............................................................. 557 
Multiple Exchange Index ...... 161, 251, 340, 509 
Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Notes162, 251, 
340 
Multiple Exchange Index-Linked Warrants .. 509

--- Page 580 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 568 - 
70-41030487 
 
n 340 
National Currency Unit ......... 162, 251, 340, 509 
Nationalisation....................... 162, 251, 340, 509 
net recipients .................................................. 48 
New Issuer ............. 162, 218, 341, 398, 509, 530 
New York Fed Business Day ........191, 278, 369 
New York Federal Reserve's Website183, 191, 
270, 278, 362, 369 
ni 183, 270, 362 
No Adjustment ..............................144, 234, 321 
Non-exempt Offer ................................ 126, 484 
Non-Inclusive ....................................... 141, 231 
Non-Inclusive Barrier ................................... 318 
Non-Representative ............... 157, 246, 334, 506 
Non-Reset Date .............................183, 270, 362 
Non-transferability ................ 162, 251, 341, 509 
Non-Trigger Valuation Date ..........162, 251, 341 
Noteholder .....................................175, 263, 354 
Noteholders .......................................... 137, 314 
Notes................................................................. 1 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date191, 278, 
370 
OBFR Index Cessation Event ........191, 278, 370 
OBFR Switch Date ........................189, 277, 368 
Observation Date .................................. 162, 251 
Observation Date Performance ......162, 252, 341 
Observation Dates ........................................ 341 
Observation Index Basket Level....162, 252, 341 
Observation Index Level ...............163, 252, 341 
Observation Index Performance ....163, 252, 341 
Observation Period ........................183, 270, 362 
Observation Securities Basket Price164, 
253, 
342 
Observation Security Performance 164, 253, 343 
Observation Security Price ............165, 254, 343 
offer ...................................................... 134, 492 
offer of Notes to the public ................... 126, 135 
offer of Warrants to the public ............. 484, 492 
Offer Period ....................... vi, vii, 432, 460, 549 
Offshore RMB ................... x, 165, 254, 344, 509 
Offshore RMB Centre ........... 165, 254, 344, 509 
Offshore RMB Disruption ..... 165, 254, 344, 509 
Offshore RMB Illiquidity ...... 165, 254, 344, 509 
Offshore RMB Inconvertibility165, 254, 344, 
509 
Offshore RMB Non-Transferability165, 
255, 
344, 510 
OFP ................................................................ 44 
Omission................................ 220, 305, 400, 531 
Operator .........................................176, 355, 517 
Operator register of corporate securities176, 355, 
516 
Order..................................................... 129, 487 
Original Exchange ................. 150, 240, 328, 500 
Original Issue ................................410, 439, 540 
Outstanding Missed Coupon Amount .......... 120 
Outstanding Missed Coupon Amounts117, 165, 
255, 344 
p 184, 271, 362 
Participating Member State ... 166, 255, 344, 510 
participating securities .................. 176, 355, 516 
Participation79, 82, 90, 93, 95, 100, 104, 107, 
166, 255, 344, 510 
Paying Agent ................................................. 227 
Paying Agents ............................... 137, 255, 314 
PBoC ......................................................... 32, 60 
Pension Fund Tax ........................................... 50 
Performance Observation Period .. 166, 255, 344 
Permanent Global Note ................................. 121 
Permitted Multiple ................................ 510, 522 
Person ............................................................. 61 
Postponed FX Fixing Day ..... 210, 295, 389, 521 
Postponement ........................ 220, 306, 400, 531 
Potential Adjustment Event166, 167, 256, 345, 
510 
PRC .. ix, 130, 133, 167, 256, 345, 488, 491, 510 
PRC Citizens ......................................... 130, 488 
PRC Government ............................................ 31 
PRC Person ........................................... 133, 491 
PRC-Linked Notes ........................................ 130 
PRC-Linked Warrants ................................... 488 
Preceding Business Day Convention144, 
233, 
321 
Price Source Disruption ........ 167, 256, 346, 511 
PRIIPs Regulation ..................... 1, 409, 438, 539 
Principal Paying Agent ............. 4, 137, 227, 314 
Principal Protected Amount .......................... 346 
Principal Warrant Agent ............................... 494 
Private Offer Exemptions...................... 131, 489 
Proceeds .......................................................... 32 
Products ........................................................ 555 
Professional Clients .............................. 132, 490 
professional investors ............................ 128, 129 
Programme .................... 1, 6, 137, 227, 314, 494 
Progress Report ............................................... 38 
prospectus ..................................................... 128 
Prospectus ............. 408, 409, 437, 438, 538, 539 
Protection Level .................................... 346, 511 
Protection Level Percentage ............ 92, 167, 256 
Public Offer ..................................................... vii 
Public Offer Jurisdiction ......... vii, 432, 460, 549 
Publisher ....................................... 553, 561, 562 
Put Warrant ................................... 471, 475, 478 
qualified investors ......................................... 485 
Qualifying Certificates of Deposit .................. 27 
Qualifying Markets ......................................... 26 
Qualifying Shares............................................ 27 
r 340 
Rate Cut-Off Date ......................... 184, 271, 362 
Rate of Interest ...................... 111, 167, 256, 346 
Rate Switch Date........................... 188, 276, 367 
RBVL .................................................... 130, 488 
Record ........................................... 175, 354, 516 
Record Date .......................................... 208, 387 
record of uncertificated corporate securities 176, 
355, 516 
Redemption Amount167, 204, 256, 291, 346, 
383 
Redemption Rate ........................................... 346 
Redenomination Date ............ 167, 256, 257, 346

--- Page 581 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 569 - 
70-41030487 
 
Reference Asset .............................195, 283, 374 
Reference Asset Component .........195, 283, 374 
Reference Asset(s) ............................................ 8 
Reference Bank(s) .........................167, 257, 346 
Reference Currency .......................169, 258, 347 
Reference Dealers .................. 167, 257, 346, 511 
Reference Rate ...... 167, 184, 257, 271, 346, 363 
Reference Rate Business Day ........185, 272, 364 
Reference Rate Business Day(i)182, 186, 270, 
273, 361, 365 
Reference Rate Determination Date185, 
272, 
364 
Reference Rate(i) ...........................185, 272, 364 
Reference Time .............................191, 279, 370 
REFi ..............................................185, 272, 364 
Register..........................................174, 353, 515 
Registered Notes................................... 174, 353 
Registered Warrants ............................. 481, 515 
Registrar ............................................... 137, 314 
Registration Document ............................... ii, 35 
Regular Date .......................... 168, 257, 346, 347 
Regular Period ...............................167, 257, 346 
Regulation No. 11971 ........................... 127, 485 
Regulation S ..................................... 2, 481, 515 
Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes .... 123 
Regulation S Global Registered Note ........... 123 
Regulation S Global Registered Warrant .... 481, 
515 
Regulations ....................................175, 354, 516 
Related Exchange .................. 168, 257, 347, 511 
Related Payment Date ........... 168, 257, 347, 511 
Relevant Banking Day ...................168, 347, 511 
Relevant Benchmark ............. 168, 257, 347, 511 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date ... 168, 
258, 347, 511 
Relevant Benchmark Payment Date168, 
258, 
347 
Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date 511 
Relevant Currency Business Day169, 258, 348, 
511 
Relevant Date ................................206, 293, 385 
Relevant Disrupted Amount .. 165, 254, 344, 509 
Relevant Final Performance76, 169, 258, 348, 
467, 512 
Relevant Financial Centre ..... 112, 169, 258, 348 
Relevant Financial Centre Day ......169, 258, 348 
Relevant Governmental Body .......191, 279, 370 
Relevant Level ...................................... 465, 512 
Relevant Nominating Body ... 169, 258, 348, 512 
Relevant Observation Performance76, 169, 259, 
348 
Relevant Performance .................................... 76 
Relevant Price....................................... 465, 512 
Relevant Rate 169, 185, 259, 273, 348, 364, 512 
Relevant Rate – Fixed ...................145, 235, 322 
Relevant Rate – Floating ...............145, 235, 322 
Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions
 ........................................... 169, 259, 348, 512 
Relevant Reference Rate Determination Date
 ...................................................194, 282, 373 
Relevant Replacement Rate .......... 193, 280, 371 
Relevant Screen Page .................... 170, 259, 349 
relevant system ............................. 176, 355, 516 
relevant tenor ........................ 157, 246, 334, 506 
Relevant Time ............................... 170, 259, 349 
Relevant UK Resolution Authority ............... 312 
relevant UKRA ............................................... 19 
Renminbi ........................................................... x 
re-offer spread ............................... 431, 459, 548 
Replacement DRs.................. 170, 259, 349, 512 
Replacement Index13, 170, 216, 259, 302, 349, 
396, 512, 527 
Representative ............................................... 299 
Resettable Notes.............................................. 32 
resident of Japan ................................... 129, 487 
retail investor ........................ 125, 134, 483, 492 
Return Threshold79, 82, 86, 88, 90, 95, 97, 99, 
100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 107, 259, 349 
RMB ................................................................. x 
S&P ....................................... 554, 556, 559, 560 
S&P 500® Index ........................................... 559 
S&P Dow Jones Indices ........ 554, 556, 559, 560 
S&Ps ................................................................. 2 
Sanctions ......................................................... 61 
SBS ....................................................... 130, 488 
Scheduled Averaging Date............................ 259 
Scheduled Closing Time ....... 170, 259, 349, 512 
Scheduled Final Averaging Date170, 259, 349, 
513 
Scheduled Final Observation Date ........ 259, 349 
Scheduled FX Fixing Day170, 209, 259, 294, 
349, 389, 513, 520 
Scheduled Observation Date ......... 170, 260, 349 
Scheduled Trading Day ......... 170, 260, 349, 513 
Scheduled Valuation Date170, 260, 349, 512, 
513 
SDCA .............................................................. 40 
SDG Bond Framework ................................... 38 
Second Barrier Valuation Date ....................... 86 
Section 871(m) ................................................ 58 
Securities ....... 170, 260, 349, 419, 447, 513, 541 
Securities Act ....................................... 2, ix, 513 
Securities Basket ................... 171, 260, 350, 513 
Securities Baskets ................. 171, 260, 350, 513 
Security ... 67, 171, 260, 349, 419, 447, 464, 541 
SEDOL ........................................................... 61 
Series ..................................... 137, 227, 314, 494 
Settlement Currency .............. 171, 260, 350, 513 
Settlement Currency Exchange Rate171, 
260, 
350, 513 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction171, 260, 350, 
513 
Settlement Cycle ................... 171, 260, 350, 513 
SFA ............................... 132, 410, 439, 489, 540 
SFO ....................................................... 128, 486 
SGRs ............................................................... 49 
SIFMA .................. 185, 191, 272, 279, 364, 370 
SIMs ................................................................ 49 
Singapore and London Banking Day157, 
246, 
335, 506

--- Page 582 ---
Part IV – Information Relating to Underlying Indices 
Section IV.1 – Index and ETF Disclaimers 
10231698288-v34 
- 570 - 
70-41030487 
 
Single Observation .. 69, 171, 172, 261, 350, 351 
SMV ..................................................... 130, 488 
SOFR ....................................... 28, 171, 260, 350 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date192, 279, 
370 
SOFR Index Cessation Event ........192, 279, 370 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment ....192, 279, 371 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes .. 192, 
280, 371 
SOFR Replacement Date ...............193, 280, 372 
SOFR Replacement Rate ...............193, 281, 372 
SOFR Transition Event .................194, 281, 372 
SONIA ............. 28, 171, 184, 260, 271, 350, 363 
SONIA Compounded Index ..........186, 273, 365 
SOR ....................................... 171, 260, 350, 513 
SOR Administrator ................ 157, 246, 334, 506 
SORA .................... 171, 185, 260, 272, 350, 363 
Spanish FTT Law ........................................... 27 
Spanish Securities Market Law ............ 128, 486 
SPDJI ..................................... 554, 556, 559, 560 
Specified Denomination ................171, 260, 350 
Specified Level ........................ 69, 171, 261, 350 
Specified Maximum Number of Disrupted Days
 ........................................... 171, 260, 350, 513 
Specified Period ............................172, 261, 350 
Specified Price ......................... 69, 172, 261, 351 
Specified Rate........................ 156, 246, 334, 506 
Specified Security ........................................... 58 
Sterling ............................................................ ix 
Stock Exchange Tax Representative .............. 45 
Strike Averaging End Date ............141, 230, 318 
Strike Averaging Period ................141, 230, 318 
Strike Averaging Start Date ...........141, 230, 318 
Strike Date ............................. 172, 261, 351, 513 
Strike Observation End Date .........166, 255, 344 
Strike Observation Period..............166, 255, 344 
Strike Observation Start Date ........166, 255, 344 
Strike Percentage98, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 
105, 172, 261, 351 
structured product ......................................... 128 
Substitute Index ..................... 172, 261, 351, 514 
sub-unit177, 195, 205, 264, 282, 292, 356, 374, 
383 
Successor Index ..................... 222, 307, 402, 533 
Synthetic French Qualifying Securities .......... 25 
Taiwan-Linked Notes ................................... 133 
Taiwan-Linked Warrants .............................. 491 
Talons ................................................... 138, 315 
TARGET Business Day ........ 150, 239, 328, 500 
TARGET2 ............................. 172, 261, 351, 514 
Taxes .................................................... 514, 518 
TEFRA C ...................................................... 121 
TEFRA D ..................................................... 121 
Temporary Global Note ................................ 121 
Tender Offer .......................... 172, 262, 351, 514 
Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer ..... viii 
Threshold Events ............................................ 17 
Trading Disruption ................ 172, 262, 351, 514 
Tranche ................................. 137, 227, 314, 494 
Transfer Agent ...................................... 137, 314 
transfer date ........................................... 173, 352 
Treaty .................................... 173, 262, 352, 514 
TWSE ........................................................... 561 
U.S. Permitted Withholding .......... 206, 293, 386 
U.S. Underlying Equities ................................ 58 
UAE ...................................................... 134, 492 
UK ............................................. 1, 409, 438, 539 
UK Bail-in Power ......................................... 312 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 12 
UK CRA Regulation ......................................... 2 
UK EU Prospectus Regulation .............. 135, 492 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .............. 1, 410, 439, 540 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement .... 194, 282, 373 
Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report ......... 35 
Uncertificated Registered Notes ........... 174, 353 
Uncertificated Registered Warrants ...... 481, 515 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations175, 354, 
516 
Underlying .............. ii, 3, 67, 173, 262, 352, 464 
Underlying Company ............ 173, 262, 352, 514 
Underlying Fallback Rate ............. 157, 335, 506 
Underlying Index .................. 173, 262, 352, 514 
Underlying Indices ............................................ 3 
Underlying Securities ........................................ 3 
Underlying Security .............. 173, 262, 352, 514 
Underlyings ....................................................... 3 
Unit ....... 173, 262, 352, 419, 447, 448, 514, 541 
United States person ..................................... 121 
Unscheduled Holiday ............ 173, 262, 352, 514 
US dollars ......................................................... x 
US$ ................................................................... x 
USD .......... x, 169, 173, 258, 262, 348, 352, 514 
Valid Date ............................. 173, 262, 352, 515 
Valoren Number.............................................. 61 
Valuation Date ...................... 173, 262, 352, 466 
Valuation Time ............. 173, 262, 352, 466, 515 
Warrant Agency Agreement ......................... 494 
Warrant Agents ............................................. 494 
Warrant Deed of Covenant ........................... 494 
Warrant Registrar .......................................... 494 
Warrant Transfer Agent ................................ 494 
Warrantholder ....................................... 515, 516 
Warrants ............................................................ 1 
Weighting.............................. 173, 263, 352, 515 
White List ....................................................... 53 
Worst of Basket153, 154, 158, 162, 164, 242, 
252, 253, 330, 331, 341, 342 
Worst Of Basket .............................................. 73 
Worst Performing Index ............... 173, 263, 352 
Worst Performing Security ........... 174, 263, 353 
Written Resolution ........................................ 300 
Written Resolution Date ............................... 301 
Y 186, 273, 365 
Y1 .......................................................... 324, 325 
Y2 .......................................................... 324, 325

--- Page 583 ---
10231698288-v34 
 
70-41030487 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT, ISSUE AGENT, 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT IN RESPECT OF THE FRENCH LAW 
NOTES 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin  
9, rue du Débarcadère  
93500 Pantin  
France 
DEALERS 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, Avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
CALCULATION AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, Avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
as to French law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg

--- Page 584 ---
10231698288-v34 
 
70-41030487 
 
75008 Pars 
France 
CREST REGISTRAR 
Computershare Investor Services PLC 
The Pavilions 
Bridgewater Road 
Bristol BS13 8AE 
United Kingdom