--- Page 1 ---
10154051992-v35 
- 1 - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
HSBC BANK PLC 
(a company incorporated in England with registered number 14259; the liability of its members is limited) 
as Issuer 
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES AND WARRANTS 
Interest Rate Linked and Inflation-Linked Notes 
On 24 February 1999, HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") established a Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants (the "Programme"). 
This document (which expression includes all documents incorporated by reference herein) has been prepared for the purpose of providing disclosure 
information with regard to certain types of notes ("Notes") issued under the Programme. 
This base prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank"), which is the Republic of Ireland competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
In relation to any Notes, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and together also with the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). Any Notes 
issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus and which are the subject of Final Terms which refer to this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the 
provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue or any Notes issued under any other base prospectus published in connection 
with the Programme. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of providing disclosure information with regard to Notes only (and not warrants), and 
only Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes may be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Applications have been made to admit Notes to listing on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) ("Euronext 
Dublin") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"). Application may be made for a listing of Notes on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and admission to trading on the Electronic Bond Market, being 
the regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT"). 
Information on how to use this Base Prospectus is set out on page iii and a table of contents is set out on page x. 
The Issuer has been assigned the following long term credit ratings: A+ by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited ("S&P"); A1 by Moody's Investors Service 
Limited ("Moody's"); and AA- by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"). Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 31 December 2020) on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. The ratings 
each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch have given to the Issuer are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively, each of which is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
EU PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of the Notes includes a 
legend entitled " Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of the Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investor", The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the state 
securities laws of any state of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, indices or other variables, which may 
constitute a benchmark under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate, index or variable does 
constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Notes are not deposit liabilities of the Issuer and are not covered by the United Kingdom Financial Services Compensation Scheme or insured by 
the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United Kingdom, the United States or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 2 ---
10154051992-v35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Programme Arranger  
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers  
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 29 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10154051992-v35 
- i - 
 
 
 
 
 
HOW TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
INTRODUCTION – WHO IS THE ISSUER? 
The Notes will be issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer"). The payment of amounts due under the Notes 
is subject to the Issuer's financial position and its ability to meet its obligations. 
The registration document for the Issuer (the "Registration Document") which is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, together with other information provided in this Base Prospectus, provides a 
description of the Issuer's business activities as well as certain financial information and material risks 
related to the Issuer. 
TYPES OF NOTES 
This Base Prospectus provides information about the following Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. The return on the Notes may be linked to the performance of an inflation index (the 
"Underlying"). 
Types of Notes 
The following types of Notes are issued under the Programme: 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Notes; 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Notes; 
(iii) 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes; 
(iv) 
Digital Interest Rate Notes; 
(v) 
Steepener Notes; 
(vi) 
Inflation Linked Notes; and 
(vii) 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
The following are the additional optional features that may apply to certain types of Notes (as specified in 
the brackets next to the additional optional features): 
(i) 
Interest Step-up or Interest Step-down (may be applicable to Fixed Rate Notes if so specified in 
the Final Terms); 
(ii) 
Margin Step-up or Margin Step-down (may be applicable to Floating Rate Notes if so specified in 
the Final Terms); 
(iii) 
Interest Switch (may be applicable to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reverse Floating 
Rate Notes, Digital Interest Rate Notes, Steepener Notes or Inflation Linked Notes if so specified 
in the Final Terms); and 
(iv) 
Range Accrual (may be applicable to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reverse Floating 
Rate Notes, Digital Interest Notes or Steepener Notes if so specified in the Final Terms). 
In addition: 
(i) 
the Final Terms may specify "Issuer's optional redemption (Call Option)" to be applicable, in which 
case the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) exercise an option to redeem the Notes early 
against payment of an early redemption amount; and/or 
(ii) 
the Final Terms may specify "Noteholder's optional redemption (Put Option)" to be applicable, in 
which case the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) exercise an option to redeem the Notes 
early against payment of an early redemption amount. 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 4 ---
10154051992-v35 
- ii - 
 
 
 
 
 
WHAT OTHER DOCUMENTS DO I NEED TO READ? 
This Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document and the other information which is incorporated 
by reference) contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed decision 
regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes. Some of 
this information is incorporated by reference from other publicly available documents and some of this 
information is completed in an issue-specific document called the Final Terms. You should read the 
documents incorporated by reference, as well as the Final Terms in respect of such Notes, together with 
this Base Prospectus. 
WHAT INFORMATION IS INCLUDED IN THE FINAL TERMS? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Final Terms is the document 
that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. For example, the Final Terms will 
contain: 
(i) 
a reference to the terms and conditions that are applicable to the particular issuance of Notes; 
(ii) 
the issue date; 
(iii) 
the scheduled redemption date; and 
(iv) 
any other information needed to complete the terms included in this Base Prospectus for the 
particular Notes (identified by the words 'as specified in the Final Terms' or other equivalent 
wording). 
Wherever the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify 
which of those provisions apply to a specific issuance of Notes. 
ROADMAP FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus is split up into a number of sections, each of which is briefly described below. 
General Description of the Programme provides an overview of information included in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risk Factors provides details of the principal risks associated with the Issuer and the Notes. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference provides details of the documents incorporated by reference 
which form part of this Base Prospectus and which are publicly available. 
Description of the Notes provides details of how an investment in the Notes works and how payments 
under the Notes are calculated, including a number of worked examples. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes sets out the terms and conditions which govern the Notes. 
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form provides 
information regarding Notes issued in global form and issued into certain clearing systems. 
Form of Final Terms sets out the template of the "Final Terms", a document which will be filled out for 
each issue of Notes and which will complete the terms and conditions in respect of such issue of Notes. 
Use of Proceeds provides details of what the Issuer intends to do with the subscription monies it receives 
for the Notes it issues. 
Taxation provides a summary of the withholding tax position in relation to the Notes in the United 
Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland and also provides information in relation to the proposed financial 
transactions tax. 
Additional Information regarding Offshore RMB provides additional, general disclosure in relation to 
exchange controls applicable to Offshore RMB.

--- Page 5 ---
10154051992-v35 
- iii - 
 
 
 
 
 
Subscription and Sale of the Notes sets out details of the arrangements between the Issuer and the Dealers 
as to the offer and sale of Notes and summarises selling restrictions that apply to the offer and sale of Notes 
in various jurisdictions. 
General Information provides additional, general disclosure in relation to the Programme. 
Index of Defined Terms indicates where terms used in this Base Prospectus have been defined. 
FUNGIBLE ISSUANCES 
It is possible for Notes to be issued which consolidate and form a single Series with an existing Series of 
Notes, the first tranche of which was issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. In such case, the terms 
and conditions applicable to those Notes, as the case may be, will not be the terms and conditions contained 
in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". Instead, the terms and 
conditions applicable to such Notes will either be the 2020 Note Conditions, 2019 Note Conditions, the 
2018 Note Conditions, the 2017 Note Conditions, the 2016 Note Conditions or the 2013 Note Conditions 
(each as defined in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and the relevant set of 
terms and conditions will be specified in the first paragraph of the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 6 ---
10154051992-v35 
- iv - 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Important information relating to financial intermediaries 
Financial intermediaries may only use this Base Prospectus if authorised by the Issuer to do so. 
Accordingly, investors are advised to check both the website of any financial intermediary using this 
Base Prospectus and the website of the Issuer (www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-
terms-and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-plc?page=1&take=20) to ascertain whether or not such financial 
intermediary has the consent of the Issuer to use this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the relevant 
Notes during the "Offer Period" specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms whose name is 
published on the Issuer's website, www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-terms-
and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-plc?page=1&take=20, and is identified therein as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are that such consent (a) is only valid in respect of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes; (b) is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions (as defined below) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Please see below for more important legal information relating to financial intermediaries. 
 
Responsibility for information in the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Notes may be issued in any denominations, provided that Notes will be issued in denominations of 
not less than EUR 1,000 (or the equivalent in an alternate currency). 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
None of the Programme Arranger nor any dealer for an issue of Notes (each such dealer, a "Dealer") has 
separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Programme 
Arranger or any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes 
or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Programme Arranger or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any further information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should be considered as a recommendation or as constituting an invitation or 
offer by the Issuer or any Dealer to any recipient of this Base Prospectus to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes constitutes an offer by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger or any Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Unless redeemed early, the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the Maturity Date, at which time the 
investor will be entitled to receive the Final Redemption Amount. 
Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the European Economic Area which 
has implemented the EU Prospectus Regulation in connection with a public offer of Notes. Any such offer 
is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a "Public Offer".

--- Page 7 ---
10154051992-v35 
- v - 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer's consent to use of this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Republic of Ireland and Italy (each, a "Public Offer Jurisdiction") 
for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person in a Public Offer Jurisdiction to whom an 
offer of any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use 
this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that 
consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, none of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger nor any Dealer 
has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The Public Offer Jurisdictions referred to above in which a Public Offer of Notes may be made are the 
Republic of Ireland and Italy only. 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of this 
Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the relevant Notes during the Offer Period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") by: 
(a) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms whose name is 
published on the Issuer's website, www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/final-terms-
and-supplements/hsbc-holdings-plc?page=1&take=20, and is identified therein as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes, 
in each case, subject to the relevant conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are 
authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended) and any other applicable laws. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
A Public Offer may be made during the relevant Offer Period by any of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger, 
any Dealer or any relevant Authorised Offeror in any Public Offer Jurisdiction and subject to any relevant 
conditions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
None of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger nor any Dealer has authorised the making of any Public Offer 
of any Notes by any person in any circumstances other than those described above. Any such unauthorised 
offers are not made by nor on behalf of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger, any Dealer nor any Authorised 
Offeror and none of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger, any Dealer or any Authorised Offeror accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such unauthorised offers. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such investor 
including as to price, allocation, settlement arrangements and any expenses or taxes to be charged to 
the investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any 
such arrangements with investors (other than the Programme Arranger and the Dealers) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms will not contain such information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer shall be provided to investors by that Authorised 
Offeror at the time the Public Offer is made. None of the Issuer, any Dealer or other Authorised 
Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
Risk warnings relating to the Base Prospectus 
An investment in the Notes entails certain risks, which vary depending on the specification and type or 
structure of the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
10154051992-v35 
- vi - 
 
 
 
 
 
It is advisable that investors considering acquiring any Notes understand the risks of transactions involving 
the Notes and it is advisable that they reach an investment decision after carefully considering, with their 
financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other advisers, the suitability of the Notes in light of their 
particular circumstances (including without limitation their own financial circumstances and investment 
objectives and the impact the Notes will have on their overall investment portfolio) and the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. Investors should consider carefully the risk 
factors set forth under "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer disclaims any responsibility to advise investors of any matters arising under the law of the 
country in which they reside that may affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments on 
the Notes. 
Unlike a savings accounts or similar investment an investment in the Notes is not covered by the UK 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Programme Arranger nor any Dealer represents that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering, in any other jurisdiction. In particular, action 
may be required to be taken to permit a public offering of any Notes or a distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions. 
For details of certain restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the Dubai International Financial Centre, the European Economic Area, France, Hong 
Kong, Italy, Japan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, The Netherlands, Norway, the People's Republic of 
China, Russia, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre), the United Kingdom and the United States of America, see 
the "Subscription and Sale of the Notes" section of this Base Prospectus. 
***** 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or the state securities laws of any state of the United States and Notes in 
bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
***** 
United Kingdom 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect of anything done in relation to 
any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. Any document received in connection with 
an issue of Notes may only be distributed in circumstances in which the restriction in Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply. 
***** 
Hong Kong 
The contents of this Base Prospectus have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. 
Investors are advised to exercise caution, and if necessary obtain independent professional advice, in 
relation to any purchase of Notes under the Programme. 
*****

--- Page 9 ---
10154051992-v35 
- vii - 
 
 
 
 
 
The treatment for taxation purposes of the acquisition, holding or disposal of, or other dealings with, Notes 
may differ according to the jurisdiction in which the person acquiring, holding, disposing or dealing is 
subject to taxation. Any person intending to acquire, hold, dispose of or otherwise deal with a Note should 
inform himself as to the treatment for taxation purposes applicable to him. 
***** 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, all references to "U.S. dollars", "US$" and "USD" refer to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, all references to "Hong Kong dollars", "HK$" and "HKD" refer to the lawful 
currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong 
Kong"), all references to "Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China (the "PRC", which for the purposes of this document shall exclude, the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong") and the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and Taiwan), all references to 
"Offshore RMB", where the context requires, are to Chinese Renminbi that is freely deliverable between 
accounts in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the law and applicable regulations and guidelines issued by relevant authorities in the relevant Offshore 
RMB Centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms prevailing as of the trade date of the Notes, all 
references to "Japanese Yen", "JPY" and "¥"refer to the lawful currency of Japan and all references to 
"Euro", "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union 
that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. Any other currency referred to in any Final Terms will have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
***** 
In this Base Prospectus, "Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Notes. Other than as expressly 
defined in any other section of this Base Prospectus, terms defined in the Conditions and the "Form of Notes 
and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form" section have the same meanings 
in all other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
***** 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 10 ---
10154051992-v35 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................ 1 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................. 4 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................... 24 
Description of the Notes ............................................................................................................................. 26 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................ 62 
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form ....................... 140 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................. 145 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................................ 193 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds ................................................................................. 194 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................... 195 
Additional Information Regarding Offshore RMB .................................................................................. 206 
Subscription and Sale of the Notes ........................................................................................................... 207 
General Information ................................................................................................................................. 216 
Index of Defined Terms............................................................................................................................ 219

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10154051992-v35 
- 1 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this 
Base Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the 
information incorporated by reference herein (and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms). Words and expressions defined in "Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form" or "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this 
Overview of the Programme. 
Issuer: .................................. HSBC Bank plc 
Risk Factors: ....................... Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The 
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger: ............................ HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers:................................ HSBC Bank plc and HSBC Continental Europe and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
European Principal Paying 
Agent, Registrar and 
Transfer Agent: ............... 
HSBC Bank plc 
Admission to Listing and 
Trading: ............................ 
Applications may be made to admit Notes issued under the Programme to 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or on the official list of Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. and to reading on the Electronic Bond Market, being the regulated 
market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MoT"). 
Clearing Systems: ............... Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited 
(formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) ("CREST") and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Issuance in Series: .............. All Notes will be issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches of Notes. Subject as set out in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes 
issued pursuant to the Programme on the same date, denominated in the 
same currency, having the same maturity date and issued on identical terms 
will constitute one Tranche of Notes only. 
Final Terms: ....................... Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in the applicable 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes:................... Notes may be issued in bearer form, in registered form or in uncertificated 
registered form.  
Currencies: .......................... Notes may be denominated in any currency, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status: .................................. The Notes of each Series constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and, at their Issue Date, ranking pari passu with all other

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10154051992-v35 
- 2 - 
 
 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than any such 
obligations preferred by law. 
Issue Price: .......................... Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Denominations: ................... The Notes may be issued in any denominations.   
Interest: ............................... In respect of each interest calculation period, Notes may or may not bear 
interest. For each interest calculation period in respect of which the Notes 
bear interest, interest will accrue at a rate determined in accordance with one 
or more of the following types of interest: Fixed Rate Interest, Floating Rate 
Interest, Reverse Floating Rate Interest, Digital Interest, Spread Linked 
Interest and Inflation-Linked Interest.  
The rate of interest applicable to the Notes may be subject to a maximum or 
minimum percentage. 
Maturity: ............................. Notes may have any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Final Redemption Amount:
 ........................................... 
On the Maturity Date, Noteholders will be entitled to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount linked to the performance of the relevant inflation 
index in relation to Inflation-Linked Notes or Rate of Interest in relation to 
Interest Rate-Linked Notes (the "Underlying").  
Events of Default: ............... The following events constitute events of default (each, an "Event of 
Default") under the Notes and would entitle the Noteholder to accelerate the 
Notes: (i) a continuing default in the repayment of any principal due on the 
Notes for more than 14 days, provided that the reason for non-payment is 
not compliance with any fiscal or other law or regulation or court order, or 
that there is doubt as to the validity of such law, regulation or order in 
accordance with independent legal advice from advisers which is acceptable 
to HSBC Bank plc, acting in its capacity as principal paying agent (the 
"Principal Paying Agent"); or (ii) the passing of a winding-up order in 
relation to the Issuer. On an Event of Default the Notes will be redeemed 
against payment of an amount per Note equal to the fair market value of such 
Note. 
Early redemption for 
illegality: ........................... 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations has become unlawful or impracticable in whole or in part for any 
reason, the Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Notes and pay the relevant 
investor an amount per Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount For 
Illegality. 
Early redemption for 
taxation reasons: .............. 
If the Issuer were required under the terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions") to pay additional amounts in respect of tax, the Issuer may 
subject to prior notice to the holders of such Notes, redeem all, but not some 
only, of such Notes and pay the relevant investor an amount per Note equal 
to the Early Redemption Amount For Taxation Reasons.  
Taxation: ............................. Unless Condition 6(B) is specified as being applicable in relation to a Series 
of Notes, all payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10154051992-v35 
- 3 - 
 
 
without deduction of any taxes, duties and other similar charges, as are 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United Kingdom unless the Issuer 
is required by law to withhold or deduct, any such taxes. In the event that 
the Issuer is so required by law to withhold or deduct the Issuer shall not be 
required to pay any additional amounts in connection with such withholding 
or deduction and, accordingly Noteholders will be liable for and/or subject 
to any taxes, duties and other similar charges, including withholding tax, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or similar transfer taxes, payable in 
respect of the Notes. 
If Condition 6(B) is specified as being applicable in relation to a Series of 
Notes then, if the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct on account 
of such United Kingdom taxes, it will, subject to certain exceptions as 
outlined in Condition 6(B), pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which 
would have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law: .................. English law 
Ratings: ............................... The Issuer is rated by S&P, Moody's and Fitch. Series of Notes will not be 
individually rated. 
Selling Restrictions: ............ For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale of Notes"

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 4 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Guidance on this Risk Factors section 
This section provides details of the principal risks associated with the Issuer and the Notes. 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, investors should 
carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular the risk factors described below and the risk factors set out in the Registration 
Document (as defined in the section headed "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), incorporated 
by reference. The Issuer considers such risk factors to be the principal risk factors that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or risk factors that are material for the purposes 
of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
This section is divided into a number of sub-sections, details of which are set out in the table below: 
Name of sub-section 
Page 
Applicable to 
Explanation 
(1) 
Risks relating 
to the Bank 
5 
All Notes. 
This sub-section will be relevant for all 
issues of Notes, as it details the risk factors 
which the Issuer deems to be material in 
respect of itself as issuer of Notes and its 
ability to perform the obligations owed to 
holders of the Notes. 
(2) 
Risks relating 
to all issues of 
Notes  
5 to 14 
All Notes. 
This sub-section will be relevant for all 
issues of Notes, as it details the risk factors 
which the Issuer deems to be material in 
respect of all Notes. In addition, risk factors 
from the following sub-sections may be 
relevant to an issue of Notes. 
(3) 
Risks relating 
to taxation of 
the Notes 
14 to 15 
All Notes. 
This 
sub-section 
sets 
out 
certain 
withholding tax risks which may apply to 
issues of Notes.  
(4) 
Risks relating 
to particular 
types of Notes 
15 to 19 
Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes, 
Reverse 
Floating 
Rate Notes, Digital 
Interest Rate Notes, 
Steepener 
Notes, 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
and 
Notes 
subject to optional 
redemption by the 
Issuer. 
This sub-section details risks specific to 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes, Digital 
Interest Rate Notes, Steepener Notes, 
Inflation Linked Notes and Notes subject to 
optional redemption by the Issuer.  
(5) 
Risks 
associated with 
certain features 
in relation to 
the calculation 
of the interest 
or principal 
amount under 
the Notes 
19 to 20 
All Notes which bear 
interest at a rate that 
is contingent upon 
the performance of 
one or more floating 
rates 
of 
interest 
and/or an inflation 
index, Notes which 
have 
a 
'leverage' 
feature, Notes which 
have a 'range accrual' 
feature, Notes which 
include 
a 
switch 
option 
and 
Notes 
This sub-section details risks specific to 
Notes which one or more of the following 
features: 
Notes which bear interest at a rate that is 
contingent upon the performance of one or 
more floating rates of interest and/or an 
inflation index, Notes which have a 
'leverage' feature, Notes which have a 'range 
accrual' feature, Notes which include a 
switch option and Notes which include an 
automatic switch option.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 5 - 
 
 
Name of sub-section 
Page 
Applicable to 
Explanation 
which 
include 
an 
automatic 
switch 
option. 
(6) 
Risks relating 
to Notes 
denominated 
and/or settling 
in emerging 
markets 
currencies 
20 to 22 
All Notes which are 
denominated and/or 
settled in emerging 
market currencies. 
This sub-section will be relevant for Notes 
in respect of which payments will be made 
in an emerging markets currency, and also 
sets out risks associated with settlement in 
Offshore RMB outside the PRC. 
(7) 
Risks 
relating 
to ESG Bonds 
22 to 23 
All Notes which are 
specified as being 
Green Bonds or SDG 
Bonds. 
This sub-section will be relevant for Notes 
in respect of which "Green Bonds", 
"Social Bonds" or "Sustainable Bonds" 
has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
In particular, Investors should be aware that, depending on the terms applicable the relevant Series of 
Notes, repayment of any amount invested and any return on investment is not guaranteed. As a result the 
investors' capital can fall below the amount initially invested in such Notes and, in the worst case, the 
investors may lose their entire invested amount. 
Investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry in which it operates and the Notes 
summarised in an issue specific summary (the "Issue Specific Summary") appended to the Final Terms 
relating to a Tranche of Notes are the risks that the Issuer believes to be those key to an assessment by an 
investor of whether to consider an investment in such Notes. However, as the risks which the Notes are 
subject to and which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not 
occur in the future, investors should consider not only the information on the key risks summarised in the 
Issue Specific Summary appended to the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes (and set out in more 
detail below) but also, among other things, the other risks and uncertainties described below. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the Notes that are not currently known to the 
Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer or the 
Notes themselves, and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes 
is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
(1) 
Risks relating to the Bank 
A description of the risk factors relating to the Issuer that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are set out in the section entitled "Risk Factors" on pages 1 to 22 of the 
Registration Document (as defined in the section headed "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
(2) 
Risks relating to all issues of Notes 
Set out below is a description of the principal risks that should be taken into consideration by investors in 
the Notes. 
Credit Risk 
Issuer Credit Risk 
The Notes are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and not of any other person. 
If the Issuer's financial position were to deteriorate, there could be a risk that the Issuer would not be able 
to meet its obligations under the Notes (the Issuer's credit risk). If the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults 
on its obligations under the Notes, in the worst case scenario, investors in the Notes could lose all of their 
invested amounts. Unlike a savings accounts or similar investment an investment in the Notes is not covered 
by the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 6 - 
 
 
Investors should be aware that any rating of the Issuer reflects the independent opinion of the relevant rating 
agency and is not a guarantee of the Issuer's credit quality. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
The Notes are unsecured obligations 
It will be particularly important for the investor to evaluate the Issuer's credit risk when considering an 
investment in the Notes as the Notes are not secured. If the Issuer became unable to pay amounts owed to 
the investor under the Notes, such investor will not have recourse to any asset or any other security or 
collateral and, in a worst case scenario, may not receive any payments under the Notes. 
Risks related to linkage to underlying interest rates and potential limitations on return 
The return on the Notes is linked to an underlying interest/inflation rate or rates. In addition to the risks set 
out in the section entitled "Risks relating to particular types of Notes", investors should be aware of the 
following risks related to the linkage to underlying interest/inflation rate or rates. 
The Notes are not ordinary debt securities 
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a time deposit. The terms of the Notes 
may differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the Notes may not pay interest and on redemption 
may return less than the amount invested or nothing. 
The repayment of any amount invested in Notes and any return on investment is variable and not 
guaranteed. Unlike a savings account or similar investment with a lower return and little or no capital risk, 
the Notes may potentially have a greater return but there is a greater risk of loss of capital. As a result, the 
investors' capital can fall below the amount initially invested. 
Capital risks relating to Notes which are not principal protected 
Unless the relevant Series of Notes is fully principal protected, the repayment of any amount invested in 
Notes and any return on investment is not guaranteed. Notes will not be fully principal protected where the 
relevant Final Terms either specify (i) a percentage amount of the Calculation Amount or a Fair Market 
Value or, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, "Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and Reference Price" as payable 
on early redemption as the Early Redemption Amount or (ii) "Inflation Linked Redemption" as applicable 
on final redemption. As a result, the investors' capital can fall below the amount initially invested in such 
Notes and, in the worst case, the investors may lose their entire invested amount. 
Risks of adjustments and/or redemption prior to maturity 
There are a number of circumstances which may lead to an early redemption of the Notes. 
Illegality 
Investors in the Notes are subject to the risk that the Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Notes if 
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner that the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations under any Notes shall after the Trade Date have become unlawful 
or impracticable in whole or in part, unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes specifies 
"Early Redemption for Impracticability" as not applicable, in which case the Issuer will not be entitled to 
terminate its obligations under such Notes for the reasons of impracticability only. Following such a 
determination of illegality, the Issuer may redeem the Notes against payment of an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent which may be, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Fair Market Value of 
such Note immediately prior to such redemption. Where such a situation warrants an early redemption, 
Noteholders may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment. As a result of early redemption, investors 
in the Notes forgo any future interest payments applicable to the Notes (if any). 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Noteholders are subject to the risk that the Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Notes if the 
Issuer determines that it would be required to gross-up payments to the holders following a withholding or 
deduction required by law of taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of the United Kingdom. Following such a determination, the Issuer may terminate its obligations

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 7 - 
 
 
under the Notes against payment of the Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms may specify the Early Redemption Amount as being the Fair Market Value of such Note 
immediately prior to such termination. The Fair Market Value of a Note will be adjusted to account fully 
for any reasonable expenses and costs incurred by the Issuer and/or its designated affiliates in connection 
with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or any related hedging and/or funding arrangements as a result 
of such events. Noteholders may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment as a result of such early 
termination and will forego any future performance in the relevant reference rate and future interest 
payments applicable to such Notes (if any). 
Payments may be delayed or reduced upon the occurrence of an event of default 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Notes have become immediately due and payable following 
an Event of Default with respect to the Notes, investors may not be entitled to the entire principal amount 
of the Notes, but only to that portion of the principal amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together 
with accrued but unpaid interest, if any, or the Fair Market Value of such Notes together with accrued but 
unpaid interest, if any, or, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes only, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the sum of a reference amount specified in the relevant Final Terms known as the "Zero Coupon Note 
Reference Price" and the product of an annually compounded percentage rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms known as the Accrual Yield applied to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price over a period 
from the issue date to the date of early redemption. 
Risks relating to benchmark reform and transition 
Regulation and reform of Benchmarks 
The London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and 
other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are yet to apply. 
These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". For example, on 5 March 2021 the FCA confirmed 
that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: 
(i) immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen 
settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar settings; and (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023, in the 
case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), and Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation"), apply to the provision of benchmarks and the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark within the EU or the UK (as applicable) and prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised 
entities (as applicable) of "benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators. 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, together with other international, 
national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks" could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". Such reforms could result in changes to the manner of 
administration of "benchmarks", with the result that such "benchmarks" may perform differently than in 
the past (and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level) or may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes for certain benchmarks. 
A Benchmark Trigger Event could occur in relation to the Notes 
A "Benchmark Trigger Event" (as defined in the Conditions) may occur in relation to a Series of Notes 
linked to a "benchmark" index in a number of scenarios, including: 
• 
upon the cessation of any benchmark; 
• 
where the administrator of a benchmark does not obtain authorisation/registration or is not able to 
rely on one of the regimes available to non-EU benchmarks; or

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 8 - 
 
 
• 
certain other events (including, without limitation, an announcement by or on behalf of the 
administrator of a Relevant Benchmark that such Relevant Benchmark will cease to be provided 
or the imposition of restrictions on the use such Relevant Benchmark) determined to have occurred 
by the Issuer. 
Determination of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
The circumstances with respect to a Relevant Benchmark that may lead to the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event are beyond the Issuer's control. However, in all cases, the Issuer will make a determination 
as to whether the relevant circumstances have arisen. 
In making a determination as to whether the occurrence of the relevant circumstances constitute a 
Benchmark Trigger Event the Issuer may take into consideration any factors the Issuer considers relevant 
to such determination (including prevailing market practice and the impact of such circumstances on any 
related hedging arrangement of the Issuer and/or its affiliates). The Issuer is under no obligation to act in 
the best interests of the holders of the Notes in making such determination, and there is no guarantee that 
the determinations made by the Issuer will lead to the best possible outcome for investors. 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to a Relevant Benchmark to which the Notes are 
linked could result in such Relevant Benchmark being deemed replaced (for the purposes of the Notes) with 
an alternative benchmark (a "Replacement Index") selected by the Issuer (or any Alternative Pre-
nominated Index specified in the Final Terms as applicable), adjustment to the terms and conditions 
pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event), early redemption, discretionary 
valuation by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequences in relation to Notes 
linked to such Relevant Benchmark. 
There can be no assurance that the amounts payable to investors in relation to any Notes following the 
application of a Replacement Index or the Alternative Pre-nominated Index pursuant to Condition 13A 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event), and any related adjustments to the terms and conditions of 
the relevant Notes, will correspond with the amounts that investors would have received if the original 
Relevant Benchmark had continued to apply, and investors may accordingly receive less than they would 
otherwise have received. 
The determination and use of a Replacement Index or the Alternative Pre-nominated Index following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event may result in changes to the Conditions and/or payments that 
are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made 
on such Notes if the Relevant Benchmark remained available in its current form. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Currency Related Risks 
FX Disruption Event 
Investors in the Notes should be aware that, following the occurrence of a FX Disruption Event (as defined 
in the Conditions) the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes against payment of an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes, which may be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Notes less the cost to the Issuer of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and/or funding arrangements (such amount may be less 
than any amount received at maturity and may result in a loss to the investors), or instruct the Calculation 
Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes as it determines to be necessary or desirable 
to reflect any market practice which develops in respect of the FX Disruption Event. 
Upon the occurrence of a FX Disruption Event the Issuer may postpone the determination of any conversion 
rate to convert any amounts due in respect of the Notes to the first succeeding business day on which the 
FX Disruption Event ceases to exist (such postponement to be for a maximum period of fourteen days), and 
if the FX Disruption Event continues for a period of fourteen days such conversion rate will be determined 
on the fourteenth day. Upon such postponement any related payment dates in respect of the Notes shall also 
be postponed and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such 
postponed payment.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 9 - 
 
 
If, by reason of an FX Disruption Event, the Issuer is unable to settle payments in respect of the Notes when 
due in the Settlement Currency the Issuer may settle payments by payment of the Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent (which will be an amount in USD or such other currency specified as the Alternative 
Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms) on the date falling the Alternative Payment Settlement Days 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) after the due date of any such amount due and no further payment 
on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment. 
Price Source Disruption 
If Price Source Disruption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to any Notes, then if 
for any reason a relevant rate of exchange is not available the Calculation Agent may (i) use alternative 
sources to determine an exchange rate (such source as may be determined by the Calculation Agent), (ii) 
postpone the determination of the rate of exchange (subject to a postponement cut-off of 30 calendar days 
(or such other number of calendar days as may be specified in the Final Terms) after which the Calculation 
Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine its good faith estimate of the rate) and 
use exchange rates prevailing at later times or (iii) determine the rate of exchange as the arithmetic mean 
of exchange rates provided by leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market. The exchange rate 
so determined may differ from the rate which would have prevailed but for the occurrence of the disruption 
and this may lead to a decrease in the amount payable to the investors. In addition, if the Calculation Agent 
postpones the determination of the rate of exchange the due dates for any payments in respect of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, the maturity date) may also be postponed. 
If a specified fixing date for the determination of a relevant exchange rate is an Unscheduled Holiday, the 
fixing date will be postponed to the next relevant currency business day which is not an Unscheduled 
Holiday, (subject to a postponement cut-off of 30 calendar days (or such other number of calendar days as 
may be specified in the Final Terms) after which the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, shall determine its good faith estimate of the relevant rate). 
Exchange control risks 
Investors in Notes should also be aware that there is the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency or Settlement Currency such as government and monetary authorities may impose or 
modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate or transfer of funds in and out of the country. It is impossible to predict whether the value of 
one such currency relative to another will rise or fall during the term of the Notes. As a result of exchange 
controls and restrictions the Issuer may not be able to make payments under the Notes in the Settlement 
Currency and will therefore pay the equivalent of the amounts due under the Notes in U.S. dollars or another 
currency. Investors in the Notes will therefore forego to any future performance of the Settlement Currency. 
Investor converting amounts paid in the Settlement Currency into the Investor's Currency 
If an investor anticipates that it will need to convert payments made under the Notes from the Settlement 
Currency into a currency of its choice (the "Investor's Currency") (for instance, if other obligations of the 
investor are payable in the Investor's Currency), then the investor is subject to the risk that the currency 
conversion rate which it must pay for exchanging the Settlement Currency into the Investor's Currency 
becomes less attractive and therefore decreases the realisable value of its investment. It is impossible to 
predict whether the value of one such currency relative to another will rise or fall during the term of the 
Notes. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Settlement Currency at any time 
would decrease (i) the value of any redemption or exercise amount (as applicable) payable to the investor 
and (ii) the market value of the Notes, in each case where converted into the Investor's Currency at that 
time. As a result, the amount that the investors receive in respect of the Notes, as converted, may be 
less than expected or zero. 
Risks relating to disposal of Notes prior to maturity 
There may be no active trading market or secondary market liquidity for the Notes 
Any Series of Notes will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is no 
active trading market (even where, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 10 - 
 
 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions, commissions paid by the Issuer 
and the financial condition of the Issuer and existing liquidity arrangements (if any) might not protect 
Noteholders from having to sell the Notes at substantial discounts to their principal amount in case of 
financial distress of the Issuer. Accordingly, the investor is subject to the risk that its investment in the 
Notes may be difficult or impossible to trade. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and such 
liquidity may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
It is not possible to predict whether any trading market for the Notes will develop or, if it does, the price at 
which Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will be liquid or illiquid. If any 
Notes are not listed or traded on any exchange, pricing information for the Notes may be more difficult to 
obtain and the liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. Also, to the extent that Notes are redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the number of Notes outstanding will decrease, resulting in a lessening of the 
liquidity of the Notes. A lessening of the liquidity of the Notes may cause, in turn, an increase in the 
volatility associated with the price of the Notes. An investor in the Notes is subject to the risk, therefore, 
that to the extent that there is no liquid market in the Notes, an investor may have to wait until redemption 
of such Notes in order to realise the value of its investment and, as such, an investor should proceed on the 
assumption that it may have to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes until the maturity date 
of the Notes. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes 
The value of Notes prior to maturity is expected to depend on a number of factors including, without 
limitation: (i) the financial condition and funding costs of the Issuer; (ii) the time remaining to maturity 
(including as a result of the expected performance of the relevant interest rates in the time remaining to 
maturity); (iii) volatility in interest rates and dividend yields and inflation rates; (iv) any change(s) in 
currency exchange rates; (v) economic and market conditions and (vi) any related transaction costs. As a 
result of these factors the price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity or 
expiry (as applicable) may be less than the initial amount invested in the Notes. Each of these factors 
interrelate in complex ways (for example, one factor may offset an increase in the value of the Notes caused 
by another factor). 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. An investor in such Notes is subject to the risk that this will adversely affect the value 
of the Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Potential conflicts of interests 
Various potential and actual conflicts may arise between the interests of the Noteholders and the Issuer, as 
a result of the commercial and investment banking businesses and activities of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. 
The Issuer may recommend or effect a transaction in which it or any affiliate, or one of its other clients, 
may have an interest, relationship or arrangement that is material. In particular, the Issuer or any affiliate 
may deal as principal for its own account, to hedge liabilities under the Note or for other purposes, and may 
match a transaction or order with that of another client. Neither the Issuer nor any affiliate is under any duty 
to account for any profits, commission, remuneration, rebates or other benefits made or received as a result 
of such transaction or service. 
Certain affiliates of the Issuer or the Issuer itself may (i) be the counterparty to the hedge of the Issuer's 
obligations under an issue of Notes and may (but will not be obliged to) engage in hedging or other 
transactions involving the relevant underlying interest or inflation rates which may have a positive or 
negative effect on the level of such rates (and therefore the value of the Notes); (ii) be the Calculation Agent 
responsible for making determinations and calculations in connection with the Notes acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner; or (iii) publish research reports which express opinions or provide 
recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes referencing the Underlying 
Rate (as defined below) or the relevant underlying rate(s). Accordingly, there is a risk that certain conflicts 
of interest may arise both among the Issuer or these affiliates and between the interests of the Issuer or these 
affiliates and the interests of Noteholders. In undertaking any such activities, neither the Issuer nor any

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 11 - 
 
 
affiliate of the Issuer is under any obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders and any such 
activities may have a negative effect on the level of underlying interest rates and therefore on the value of 
any Notes to which they relate. 
In addition, the conditions of the Notes may provide for (a) the early redemption of the Notes, and/or (b) a 
lesser amount being payable in respect of the Notes, if the value of any relevant underlying interest rate(s) 
exceeds, falls below, is equal to or does not stay within pre-determined reference levels ("Threshold 
Events"). The activities described in the preceding paragraph may cause such Threshold Events to be 
triggered, which could potentially have a negative impact on the value of any Notes to which they relate. 
Further, either the Issuer or its affiliates, including HSBC Continental Europe, may be the Calculation 
Agent with regard to the Notes. The Calculation Agent is solely responsible for calculation of the 
redemption amount and other determinations and calculations in connection with the Notes. Because the 
Calculation Agent is the Issuer or its affiliate, and the Issuer is obligated to redeem and pay interest on the 
Notes, the Calculation Agent may have economic interests adverse to those of the holders of the Notes, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent must make as 
referred to above, any of which may affect payments in respect of the Notes. The Calculation Agent does 
not act as fiduciary for or an adviser to any of the Noteholders in respect of any such determination or 
judgement or otherwise. 
Calculation Agent's discretion and valuation 
Calculation of the interest payments (if applicable) and/or amount payable in respect of redemption may be 
by reference to certain specified screen rate(s), level(s) or value(s) published on an exchange or other 
quotation system, or if any such rate(s), level(s) or value(s) is not displayed at the relevant time, rate(s), 
level(s) or value(s) (as applicable) determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, or otherwise, an exercise of its discretion in accordance with and pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the applicable Notes. The Calculation Agent may also have other 
discretionary powers (including without limitation, powers to (i) adjust terms and conditions of Notes; (ii) 
postpone payment; (iii) redeem the Notes prior to their scheduled maturity; or (iv) apply any combination 
of the foregoing). 
Investors should be aware that the exercise of its discretionary powers as Calculation Agent (which may be 
the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer) under the conditions of the Notes, or (in circumstances where the 
Issuer has entered into hedging arrangements), as calculation agent under any related hedge, may have an 
adverse impact on the performance of the Notes, which may result in a lower return, or no return at all. The 
Calculation Agent shall have no obligations to the Noteholders and all calculations and determinations 
made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes shall (save in the case of manifest error at the time 
the relevant determination is made) be final and binding on the Issuer and all Noteholders. Further, the 
Calculation Agent may be permitted to use its proprietary models in setting the terms of an adjustment, and 
it may be difficult for investors to predict the resulting adjustments in advance. In such case, an investor 
would be subject to the risk that it would be difficult to verify that adjustments made to payments under the 
Notes are legitimate and consistent with the terms of an issue of Notes without expertise in applying 
valuation models. 
Fees, commission and cost of hedging 
Investors may be liable for distribution commissions or fees charged by the Issuer and/or its affiliates and/or 
the cost or expected cost of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes (if any). Such fee, commission 
and cost of hedging may be deducted from the redemption or settlement amount payable in respect of the 
Notes, which may reduce the amounts payable on the Notes. Alternately, if such fees, commissions and 
costs of hedging are included in the issue price of the Notes, investors will be exposed to the risk that the 
price at which they may be able to sell the Notes in any secondary market (including the price (if any) at 
which the Issuer or its affiliates may be willing to purchase Notes from the investor) would be lower than 
the original issue price. Such price differential may also be greater than may be the case if the investor had 
purchased a similar product from a different issuer as the issue price for the Notes will be determined by 
pricing models used by the Issuer or affiliates which may differ from comparable models used by other 
issuers.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 12 - 
 
 
Notes with multiple denominations 
Where the Notes are specified as having a denomination consisting of a minimum denomination plus a 
higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in the 
clearing systems in amounts in excess of such minimum denomination that are not integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination. In such a case, should Definitive Notes be required to be issued, Noteholders who, 
as result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount that is less than the minimum denomination may 
not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holdings and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that their holding amounts to, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law and United Kingdom tax law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. There is a risk that the interpretation and/or effects of the Conditions may be subject to change 
in such a manner as to adversely affect the contractual rights of Noteholders. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority, so investors in the Notes are subject to the risk that the Conditions may be modified 
without their consent. 
Modification, waiver and substitution 
Investors in the Notes are subject to the risk that modifications to the Conditions of the Notes may be made 
without the consent of any Noteholders, as the case may be, where the Issuer determines that: 
• 
the modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders as a whole; 
• 
where the modification of the Notes is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error or comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the Issuer's jurisdiction of 
incorporation; or 
• 
where the Conditions are inconsistent with the termsheet relating to the relevant Notes. 
There is a commercial risk that the obligations of the Noteholder will be owed by a principal debtor other 
than the Issuer. The Notes permit the substitution of an affiliate of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect 
of the Notes, provided that the Issuer provides a guarantee. 
Clearing systems 
Notes may be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by a global Note held by or on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will be able to 
trade their interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In addition, Notes may be issued as Uncertificated Registered Notes, in which case CREST will maintain 
records of the interests in such Notes and investors will be able to trade their interests only through CREST. 
Investors in the Notes will have to rely on procedures of such clearing systems for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer to receive payments under the Notes. Investors are therefore subject to the 
risk of those settlement procedures failing such that payments due under the Notes may be delayed and that 
book entries or entries in the register are entered incorrectly which may lead to difficulties with an investor 
asserting ownership of its Notes. 
The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
interests in the global Notes. Holders of interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or CREST to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 13 - 
 
 
Applicable Bank Resolution Powers 
The BRRD provides an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and their 
parent companies and other group companies. The BRRD is designed to provide relevant authorities with 
a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure 
the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of 
an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. In the United Kingdom the Banking Act 2009 
(the "Banking Act") has implemented the majority of the provisions of the BRRD, and was recently 
amended by, amongst other statutory instruments, the Bank Recovery and Resolution (Amendment) (EU 
Exit) Regulations 2020, which implement into United Kingdom law certain of the recent amendments to 
BRRD which were required to be implemented prior to IP Completion Day as defined in the EUWA. 
Statutory Intervention Powers 
The Issuer is subject to the Banking Act which gives wide powers in respect of UK banks and their parent 
and other group companies to HM Treasury, the Bank of England, the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (each a "relevant UKRA") in circumstances where a 
UK bank has encountered or is likely to encounter financial difficulties. 
These powers include powers to: (a) transfer all or some of the securities issued by a UK bank or its parent, 
or all or some of the property, rights and liabilities of a UK bank or its parent (which would include the 
Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme), to a commercial purchaser or, in the case of securities, 
to HM Treasury or an HM Treasury nominee, or, in the case of property, rights or liabilities, to an entity 
owned by the Bank of England); (b) override any default provisions, contracts or other agreements, 
including provisions that would otherwise allow a party to terminate a contract or accelerate the payment 
of an obligation; (c) commence certain insolvency procedures in relation to a UK bank; and (d) override, 
vary or impose contractual obligations, for reasonable consideration, between a UK bank or its parent and 
its group undertakings (including undertakings which have ceased to be members of the group), in order to 
enable any transferee or successor bank of the UK bank to operate effectively. 
The Banking Act also gives power to HM Treasury to make further amendments to the law for the purpose 
of enabling it to use the special resolution regime powers effectively, potentially with retrospective effect. 
Power to reduce Noteholders' claims 
The powers granted to the relevant UKRA also include powers to vary or extinguish the claims of certain 
creditors. These powers include a "bail-in" power. 
The bail-in power gives the relevant UKRA the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, 
or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include the Notes) of a failing financial institution 
or its holding company, to convert certain debt claims (which could be amounts payable under the Notes) 
into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any and/or to amend or alter the 
terms of such claims, including the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period. The Banking Act requires the relevant UKRA to apply the bail-in power in accordance 
with a specified preference order which differs from the ordinary insolvency order. In particular, the 
relevant UKRA must write-down or convert debts in the following order: (i) additional tier 1, (ii) tier 2, 
(iii) other subordinated claims and (iv) certain senior claims. The claims of some creditors whose claims 
would rank equally with those of the Noteholders may be excluded from bail-in. The impact of bail-in on 
the Noteholders will be greater the more of such creditors there are. 
Although the exercise of bail-in power under the Banking Act is subject to certain pre-conditions, there 
remains uncertainty regarding the specific factors (including, but not limited to, factors outside the control 
of the Issuer or not directly related to the Issuer) which the relevant UKRA would consider in deciding 
whether to exercise such power with respect to the Issuer and its securities (including the Notes). Moreover, 
as the relevant UKRA may have considerable discretion in relation to how and when it may exercise such 
power, holders of the Issuer's securities may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate a potential exercise of power and consequently its potential effect on the Issuer and its securities.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 14 - 
 
 
Powers to direct restructuring of the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
As well as a bail-in power, the powers of the relevant UKRA under the Banking Act include the power to 
(i) direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that 
would otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for such purpose that is wholly or partially in public control) and 
(iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only). In addition, the 
Banking Act gives the relevant UKRA power to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date 
of debt instruments, securities or other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose 
a temporary suspension of payments and/or discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of debt 
instruments or securities. 
The exercise by the relevant UKRA of any of the above powers under the Banking Act may limit the Issuer's 
capacity to meet its obligations under the Notes and the exercise of any such powers (including especially 
the bail-in power) could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their investment. 
Moreover, trading behaviour in relation to the securities of the Issuer (including the Notes), including 
market prices and volatility, may be affected by the use of, or any suggestion of the use of, these powers 
and accordingly, in such circumstances, the Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading 
behaviour associated with other types of securities. There can be no assurance that the taking of any actions 
under the Banking Act by the relevant UKRA or the manner in which its powers under the Banking Act are 
exercised will not materially adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the market value of the 
Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Although the Banking Act also makes provision for public financial support to be provided to an institution 
in resolution subject to certain conditions, it provides that the financial public support should only be used 
as a last resort after the relevant UKRA has assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, all 
the resolution tools, including the bail-in power. Accordingly, it is unlikely that investors in the Notes will 
benefit from such support even if it were provided. 
(3) 
Risks relating to taxation of the Notes 
Taxation and other charges in relation to the Notes 
Transactions involving Notes may be subject to United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax, and 
are subject to the risk that instruments effecting or evidencing transfers of Notes and executed in the United 
Kingdom may not be admissible in evidence in civil proceedings unless duly stamped. An instrument of 
transfer executed outside the United Kingdom is also subject to the risk that it may be inadmissible in 
United Kingdom civil proceedings unless duly stamped after it has been first received in the United 
Kingdom. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes all payments and deliveries will be subject to any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment and Noteholders may be responsible for paying, or suffer 
a deduction for, any applicable duties, taxes or other charges imposed by such laws and regulations, subject 
only to the Issuer's obligation to gross-up in relation to certain United Kingdom taxes under Condition 6B 
(Taxation  – Gross-up). This gross-up obligation is applicable provided Condition 6B (Taxation  – Gross-
up) is specified as applying to a Series of Notes and is subject to a number of exceptions and covers only 
certain withholdings and deductions on account of United Kingdom taxes; in particular, it does not cover 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or similar transfer taxes. 
If Condition 6B (Taxation  – Gross-up) is not specified as applying to a Series of Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer will not be required to gross-up or pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes in 
respect of which any withholding or deduction has been required to be made in respect of any tax. 
Accordingly, investors may receive a lower return than would be received on an investment where no 
withholding tax is payable or where the relevant issuer has an obligation to gross-up for such withholdings 
or deductions.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 15 - 
 
 
Potential investors who are in any doubt about the tax consequences of purchasing any Notes should consult 
and rely on their own tax advisers. 
(4) 
Risks relating to particular types of Notes 
Specific risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investors will not benefit from any increases in market interest rates above the fixed rate payable in respect 
of the relevant Notes. 
Specific risks relating to Floating Rate Notes and Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
Variable Returns 
Floating Rate Notes and Reverse Floating Rate Notes have returns that are variable as a result of the method 
by which the interest is calculated. The rate of interest is not fixed and is tied to the performance of an 
underlying benchmark and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may be subject to a maximum rate 
or minimum rate on the interest payable. The rate of interest can periodically go down and therefore return 
on the Notes is not guaranteed and may in a worst case become zero (or, if a minimum rate of interest is 
specified, the minimum rate of interest). Investors should be aware that in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
and Reverse Floating Rate Notes which are subject to a maximum interest rate, investors will not benefit 
from any increases of the underlying benchmark above such maximum interest rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to near risk-free rates which may be reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes or Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of interbank 
offered rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring financial 
markets to transition away from IBORs to near risk-free rates which exclude the risk-element of interbank 
lending. Near risk-free rates may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the 
majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen near risk-free rate is an overnight rate (for example, the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") in respect of GBP, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
("SOFR") in respect of USD, and the euro short-term rate ("€STR") in respect of EUR), with the interest 
rate for a relevant period calculated on a backward looking (compounded or simple weighted average) 
basis, rather than on the basis of a forward-looking term. As such, investors should be aware that near risk-
free rates may behave materially differently from LIBOR, EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest reference 
rates for the Notes. 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to near risk-free rates such 
as SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, SOFR and €STR which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of such rates over a designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof (including the Issuer) may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR and/or any other near risk-free rate that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions 
(including in relation to fallbacks in the event that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) 
and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Reverse Floating Rate Notes referencing near risk-free rates 
such as SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR issued under this Programme. 
Since near risk-free rates are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-
free rate, such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of the Notes linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-free rate may be lower 
than those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 16 - 
 
 
Historical levels are not an indication of future levels 
Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the 
potential performance of near risk-free rates and therefore Noteholders should not rely on any such data or 
trends as an indicator of future performance. Daily changes in near risk-free rates have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and 
value of debt securities linked to near risk-free rates may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that 
are linked to less volatile rates. The future performance of any near risk-free rate is impossible to predict, 
and therefore no future performance of any near risk-free rate should be inferred from any hypothetical or 
historical data or trends. 
Calculation of Interest Rates based on near risk-free rates are only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period 
Interest on Notes which reference near risk-free rates such as SONIA, SOFR or €STR is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference such rates to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9 (Events of Default), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes shall be determined on the date 
the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-free 
rate in the structured products markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption 
of such rate in other markets, such as the Eurobond, derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes referencing near risk-free rates. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of near risk-free rates 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or 
any other near risk-free rate. There can be no guarantee that such rates will not be fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes or Reverse Floating 
Rate Notes linked to the relevant rate. If the manner in which the relevant near risk-free rate is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the 
trading prices of such Notes. 
Near Risk-Free Rates may cease to be available 
There can be no guarantee that SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other near risk-free rate will not cease to 
be published, be discontinued, be suspended and/or be otherwise unavailable for use by the Issuer. 
In relation to a near risk-free rate other than SOFR, a discontinuation (or certain other events which may 
affect the Reference Rate) may constitute a Benchmark Trigger Event (as further described above in the 
risk factor entitled "A Benchmark Trigger Event could occur in relation to the Notes"). 
In relation to SOFR, a discontinuation (or certain other events including the prohibition of use of SOFR as 
a Reference Rate) may result in the rate applicable to the Notes being replaced with a successor or 
equivalent rate selected or recommended by the relevant governmental body, an overnight funding rate or 
a rate determined by reference to ISDA provisions relating to SOFR. These alternative rates are uncertain 
and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination. Further, in such 
circumstances the Issuer (in consultation with its designee) may, without the consent of Noteholders be 
entitled to make conforming changes to the Conditions relating to the calculation and determination of 
interest to give effect to such replacement rate in a manner that may be materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Floating Rate Notes or Reverse Floating Rate Notes linked to SOFR. If it is not possible to 
determine a successor or equivalent rate, the floating interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes or Reverse 
Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may accrue at the same rate as the immediately preceding Interest 
Period (or, in the case of the initial Interest Period, the Initial Interest Rate), effectively converting the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reverse Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, (during the Interest Period) into 
fixed rate instruments.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 17 - 
 
 
In relation to SONIA, a discontinuation (or certain other events including the prohibition of use of SONIA 
as a Reference Rate), unless the relevant event constitutes a Benchmark Trigger Event (in which case 
Condition 15A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event) will apply), may result in the rate applicable 
to the Notes being replaced with the Bank of England's Bank Rate plus an average spread of SONIA to the 
Bank Rate over a specified period. If, however, it is not possible to determine the floating rate of interest 
applicable to any Floating Rate Notes or Reverse Floating Rate Notes in accordance with such provisions, 
then the floating interest rate on such Notes may accrue at the same rate as the immediately preceding 
Interest Period (or, in the case of the initial Interest Period, the Initial Interest Rate), effectively converting 
such Floating Rate Notes or Reverse Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, (during the Interest Period) 
into fixed rate instruments.  
Specific risks relating to Digital Interest Rate Notes 
The rate of interest applicable to the Digital Interest Rate Notes for each interest period will depend on the 
performance of a specified reference rate. 
• 
If on the relevant observation date relating to an interest period the reference rate is lower than the 
applicable strike rate, the rate of interest for such interest period will be 'Digital Rate 1' (which can 
either be a predetermined fixed rate of interest or a rate of interest linked to floating rate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by any leverage applicable to Digital Rate 1 
plus the fixed spread applicable to such Digital Rate 1 (which may be positive or negative, or may 
be zero) ("Leveraged Rate 1"); 
• 
If on the relevant observation date relating to an interest period the reference rate is greater than 
the applicable strike rate, the rate of interest for such interest period will be 'Digital Rate 2' (which 
can either be a predetermined fixed rate of interest or a rate of interest linked to floating rate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by any leverage applicable to Digital Rate 2 
plus the fixed spread applicable to such Digital Rate 2 (which may be positive or negative, or may 
be zero) ("Leveraged Rate 2"); or 
• 
If on the relevant observation date relating to an interest period the reference rate is equal to the 
applicable strike rate, the rate of interest for such interest period will be the greater of Leveraged 
Rate 1 and Leveraged Rate 2. 
Therefore, the rate of interest payable on the Notes will be dependent not only on the level of "Digital Rate 
1" or "Digital Rate 2' for the relevant Interest Period, but also on the performance of the reference rate on 
specified observation dates. There is no guarantee that investors will receive the higher rate between 
Leveraged Rate 1 and Leveraged Rate 2; depending on the performance of the reference rate, investors may 
receive only the lower of Leveraged Rate 1 and Leveraged Rate 2 (which may be zero) throughout the life 
of the Notes. In such circumstances, it is possible investors will not receive any interest at all for the lifetime 
of the Notes. 
Specific risks relating to Steepener Notes 
In relation to Steepener Notes interest is payable with respect to the difference by which a designated swap 
rate (the "Spread Linked Rate 1") exceeds another designated swap rate (the "Spread Linked Rate 2"). 
Swap rates in the context of Steepener Notes are rates fixed on interest rate swaps. A commonly used 
benchmark for such swap rates is the service known as ICE Swap Rate. ICE Swap Rate represents the mid-
price for interest rate swaps (the fixed leg), at particular times of the day, in three major currencies (EUR, 
GBP and USD) and in tenors ranging from 1 year to 30 years. 
If on any valuation date(s) Spread Linked Rate 2 is greater than Spread Linked Rate 1 then the difference 
between Spread Linked Rate 1 and Spread Linked Rate 2 (which will be negative, multiplied by any 
leverage applicable to such Steepener Notes, which may be a negative number) will be added to the fixed 
spread applicable to such Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (the "Spread"). This may result 
in a lower rate of interest being payable in respect of the Notes than the Spread, subject to the Minimum 
Interest Rate specified (if any) in the relevant Final Terms. If no Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Spread Linked Rate 2 is equal to or greater than Spread Linked Rate 1, the leverage 
is positive and Spread is zero, then no interest will be payable under the Notes. It may be possible that you 
will not receive any interest at all for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 18 - 
 
 
Specific risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
Where Notes reference an inflation index, the Notes will be exposed to the performance of such inflation 
index which may be subject to fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices and may not correlate with the rate of inflation experienced in the jurisdiction of the 
Noteholders. Any payments made under the Notes may be based on a calculation made by reference to an 
inflation index for a month which is several months prior to the date of payment and therefore could be 
substantially different from the level of inflation at the time of payment on the Notes. 
Broadly speaking, in an inflationary environment amounts payable will be adjusted up and in a deflationary 
environment amounts payable will be adjusted down. In a deflationary environment, the amount of interest 
payable might be lower than the fixed rate that would have been applicable before such adjustment and the 
redemption amount may be reduced. 
Alternative valuation following disruption events in respect of indices 
Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to an inflation index, for example the level of the inflation 
index has not been published or the inflation index is discontinued or is rebased or materially modified – 
then, depending on the particular event, the Issuer or Calculation Agent may: 
• 
determine the level of the inflation index; 
• 
determine a successor to the original inflation index; 
• 
make changes to the level of the rebased index; or 
• 
make adjustments to the inflation index and/or the terms of the Notes by reference to equivalent 
adjustments made in respect of the Related Bond specified in the terms and conditions of the Notes 
or the Fallback Bond selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Any such event or determination may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
If the inflation index is rebased or materially modified, and no action is taken in respect of the Related Bond 
or Fallback Bond, the Calculation Agent may make changes to the level of the rebased index or make 
adjustments to the inflation index and/or the terms of the Notes. Such consequential action by the 
Calculation Agent may have a negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
If, on any day on which a valuation is to be made, the level of the inflation index has not been published, 
and no action to determine a substitute level of the inflation index has been taken in respect of the Related 
Bond or Fallback Bond, the Calculation Agent shall determine a substitute level of the inflation index 
calculated by reference to the latest published level of the inflation index, and such level may differ from 
the index level (if any) published or announced after the relevant valuation date. Such event may have an 
effect on the valuation of the Notes and on the interest and/or redemption amounts payable. If an inflation 
index has been discontinued and no successor index has been determined in respect of the Related Bond or 
Fallback Bond, but the sponsor of the inflation index has specified a replacement inflation index, the 
Calculation Agent may specify such replacement inflation index to be the Successor Inflation Index in 
respect of the Notes. Failing that, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index, 
and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index". Such events may have an effect on the 
valuation of the Notes and on the interest and/or redemption amounts payable. 
Early redemption of the Notes and reinvestment risk following such early redemption 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an inflation index has been discontinued and there is no appropriate 
alternative successor index, the Calculation Agent may redeem the Notes prior to their scheduled 
redemption date in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms in respect of a Tranche of Notes may specify early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
to be applicable, in which case the Issuer may exercise its right to redeem the Notes on any of the optional 
redemption dates specified in the Final Terms for specified optional redemption amount. As a result of the 
exercise of a call right by the Issuer, investors will forego any further interest payments (if any) in respect

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 19 - 
 
 
of the Notes and, if so specified in the Final Terms, the early redemption amount payable may be less than 
an investor's invested amount. 
Although the Issuer may exercise its right to redeem the Notes on any early redemption date specified in 
the Final Terms, the Issuer is likely to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If early redemption at the option of the Issuer is specified to be applicable, the market value of those Notes 
is unlikely to rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Consequently if investors 
in Notes to which early redemption at the option of the Issuer is specified to be applicable were to sell such 
Notes in the secondary market, the price at which they are able to do so may be lower than if such feature 
did not apply to the Notes. 
(5) 
Risks associated with certain features in relation to the calculation of the interest or principal 
amount under the Notes 
Interest 
The Notes may bear interest at a rate that is contingent upon the performance of one or more floating rates 
of interest and/or an inflation index ("Underlying Rate") and may vary from one interest payment date to 
the next. The interest rate reflected by any given interest payment may be less than the rate that the Issuer 
(or any other bank or deposit-taking institution) may pay in respect of deposits for an equivalent period and 
may be zero. 
If interest payments are contingent upon the performance of one or more Underlying Rate, there is a risk 
that interest may not be payable under the Notes if the Underlying Rate(s) do not perform as anticipated. 
The performance of floating interest rates is dependent upon a number of factors, including supply and 
demand on the international money markets, which are influenced by measures taken by governments and 
central banks, as well as speculations and other macroeconomic factors. This means that the interest amount 
payable over the term of the Notes may vary and any of these factors could affect the performance of the 
floating interest rate and therefore could adversely affect the value and return on the Notes. 
Any information about the past performance of Underlying Rate(s) should not be regarded as indicative of 
any future performance of such Underlying Rate, or as an indication of the range of, or trends or fluctuations 
in, the price or value of such Underlying Rate(s) that may occur in the future. It is not possible to predict 
the future value of the Notes based on such past performance. Actual results will be different, and such 
differences may be material. 
Investors will have no claim against any index sponsor or any other third party in relation to an Underlying 
Rate; such parties have no obligation to act in the interests of investors. 
Investors intending to purchase Notes as a hedge instrument should recognise the complexities of utilising 
Notes in this manner. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Notes and various other factors, there 
is a risk that the value of the Notes may not correlate with movements of the Underlying Rate(s), and the 
Notes may not be a perfect hedge for the Underlying Rate(s) or a portfolio containing the Underlying 
Rate(s). In addition, it may not be possible to liquidate the Notes at a level reflective of the prevailing price, 
level or value of the Underlying Rate(s). 
There are risks where Notes have 'leverage' 
'Leverage' refers to the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the Underlying Rate(s). A 
leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the Underlying Rate(s) to cause a greater 
or lower return on the Notes than would otherwise be the case in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage 
feature can magnify losses in adverse market conditions. The Notes will have 'leverage' where Leverage is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to more than 100 per cent (or 1.00). The inclusion of such a leverage 
feature in the Notes means that the Notes will be more speculative and riskier than in the absence of such 
feature, since smaller changes in the performance of the Underlying Rate(s) can reduce (or increase) the 
return on the Notes by more than if the Notes did not contain a leverage feature. A small movement in the 
value of the Underlying Rate(s) can have a significant effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 20 - 
 
 
There are risks where Notes have a 'range accrual' feature 
If the Notes include a 'range accrual' feature, then interest will only be paid if the level, price or other 
applicable value of the Underlying Rate(s) is at or above a specific lower barrier during the observation 
dates in the relevant interest period and, if applicable, also at or below a specific upper barrier during the 
observation dates in the relevant interest period. It is possible that such level, price or other applicable value 
of the Underlying Rate(s) during the observation dates in the relevant interest period will not be at or above 
the lower barrier and/or, if applicable, not be below the upper barrier, and/or may not be within the range 
during the relevant interest period, and, therefore, no interest will be payable on the relevant interest 
payment date. This means that the amount of interest payable over the term of the Notes may vary and may 
be zero. 
There are risks where the Notes include an automatic switch or an option for the Issuer to switch the 
method for the calculation of interest 
If "Switch Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes that are 
not Zero Coupon Notes, at any time the Issuer may exercise its right to change the interest rate applicable 
to the Notes for all subsequent interest periods up to but excluding the maturity date. The interest rate 
applicable both prior to and following the exercise of such switch option, as well as all other conditions 
relating to the interest rate, will be specified in the Final Terms. In case of the exercise by the Issuer of a 
switch option, Noteholders will receive an interest amount calculated on the basis of the pre-switch option 
exercise interest rate up to and including the interest payment date in respect of the interest period in which 
the Issuer exercises the switch option. For each remaining interest period following exercise by the Issuer 
of the switch option, the interest amount will be calculated on the basis of the post-switch option exercise 
interest rate. The investor will have no control over whether or not the Issuer switch option is exercised. If 
the Issuer elects to exercise the switch option it is likely that the rate of interest going forward will be lower 
than the rate applicable prior to the exercise of the option. This may also adversely affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes. 
If "Automatic Interest Switch" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, the interest rate applicable to the Notes will automatically change from a pre-determined interest 
payment date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Automatic Switch Date") for all remaining 
interest calculation periods up to but excluding the maturity date. The interest rate applicable both prior to 
and following the Automatic Switch Date, as well as all other conditions relating to the interest rate, will 
be determined in advance of the issue date and specified in the Final Terms. Where an Automatic Switch 
Date occurs, Noteholders will receive an interest amount calculated on the basis of the pre-Automatic 
Switch Date interest rate up to and including the interest payment date corresponding to the Automatic 
Switch Date. For each remaining interest period following the occurrence of the Automatic Switch Date, 
the interest amount will be calculated on the basis of the post-Automatic Switch Date interest rate. The 
post-Automatic Switch Date interest rate may be lower than the rate applicable prior to the Automatic 
Switch Date. This may also adversely affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. 
(6) 
Risks relating to Notes denominated and/or settling in emerging markets currencies 
Notes issued may settle in an emerging market currency. Investors in such Notes should be aware that these 
markets are subject to greater risks than well developed markets. Investment in the Notes will involve 
additional risks and special considerations not typically associated with investing in Notes which are settled 
in more conventional currencies such as Euros or U.S. dollars. 
Emerging market risk 
Economies in emerging markets may be heavily dependent upon international trade and, accordingly, may 
be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), managed adjustments 
in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated by the countries with 
which they trade. These economies also may be affected adversely by their economic, financial, military 
and political conditions, volatile exchange rates, high inflation and the supply and demand for such 
Settlement Currencies or currencies of denomination in the global markets. Investors should be aware that 
the value of investments denominated and/or settling in an emerging markets currency can fluctuate 
significantly due to the foregoing factors.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 21 - 
 
 
Exchange and FX Risk 
The rapid pace of political and social change in emerging market countries increases the likelihood that 
currency exchange risks will eventuate where the Settlement Currency is linked to an emerging market 
country. The risks set out in the section entitled "Risks relating to all issues of Notes – Currency Related 
Risks" may be more likely to arise in relation to Notes which are denominated and/or settle in an emerging 
market currency, and investors should consider such risks carefully. 
Risks relating to Notes settled in Offshore RMB outside the PRC 
Notes settled in Offshore RMB outside the PRC may be issued. Set out below is a description of some of 
the risks that should be taken into consideration by prospective investors in such Notes. 
(a) 
RMB is not freely convertible; Restrictions on RMB conversion through relevant Offshore RMB 
Centres (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC 
Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, 
including the Hong Kong dollar. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may negatively impact on the liquidity of the 
Notes and the value of the Notes. In addition, if Renminbi outside the PRC is unavailable, this will 
impact on the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to perform its obligations under Notes 
denominated in Renminbi as set out in the paragraph below. 
Additional information relating to liberalisation of convertibility of Renminbi is set out in the 
section entitled "Additional Information Regarding Offshore RMB". 
(b) 
RMB payment risk 
If the Settlement Currency for the Notes is Offshore RMB and "Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an investor is subject 
to the risk that payments in respect of such Notes will be made in the Alternative Payment Currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms instead of Offshore RMB. To the extent the Issuer is not able, 
or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay the Final Redemption Amount and/or 
Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) and/or any other amounts due as a result of Offshore RMB 
Disruption (as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer will be entitled to settle any such payment in 
the Alternative Payment Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms on the due date at the 
Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such Final 
Redemption Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) and/or any other amounts 
due. In this case, the risk factors in the section entitled "Risks relating to all issues of Notes – 
Currency Related Risks" would apply as if the relevant Alternative Payment Currency were the 
Settlement Currency. 
(c) 
RMB interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. 
Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility and, as a result, the value of the Notes 
may fluctuate as well. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may 
significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange 
controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
Renminbi-denominated Notes may carry a fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") or have a 
resettable interest rate ("Resettable Notes"). Consequently, the trading price of Renminbi-
denominated Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes will vary with the fluctuations 
in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of such Renminbi-denominated Notes propose to sell their 
Renminbi-denominated Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the 
amount they have invested.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 22 - 
 
 
(d) 
RMB exchange rate risk 
Offshore RMB represents a market which is different from that of RMB deliverable in the PRC. 
The exchange rate of Offshore RMB against the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other foreign 
currencies may be different from the exchange rate of RMB deliverable in the PRC against such 
currencies. Apart from its own supply and demand, the Offshore RMB exchange rate may be 
influenced by the onshore exchange rate (which currently trades within a band set by authorities in 
the onshore interbank market), and the two rates may converge with or diverge from each other. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies is susceptible to PRC internal and external 
factors. Recently, the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") implemented changes to the way it 
calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker 
quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and others that may be implemented, 
may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. 
If the value of Offshore RMB depreciates against the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other 
foreign currencies, the value of a Noteholder's investment in U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other 
applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
(e) 
Payments with respect to the Notes may be made only through Renminbi bank accounts 
maintained at banks in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre 
Investors in the Notes should be aware that all Offshore RMB payments under the Notes will be 
made solely by credit to Renminbi bank accounts maintained at banks in the relevant Offshore 
RMB Centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the law and applicable 
regulations and guidelines issued by the relevant authorities in the relevant Offshore RMB Centre 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Investors are subject to the risk that they may not be able 
to receive amounts due under the Notes or Warrants if they do not hold such an offshore RMB 
account at the time the relevant payment is due. 
(7) 
Risks relating to ESG Bonds 
The use of proceeds of the Notes may not meet investor expectations or requirements. 
In relation to Tranches of Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Green Bonds", 
"Social Bonds" or "Sustainable Bonds", (together, "ESG Bonds"), the Issuer will exercise its judgement 
and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that satisfy certain eligibility requirements 
that purport to promote green, social and/or sustainable initiatives, as applicable ("ESG Assets") and will 
be financed by an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Notes (the "Proceeds"). If the use of the 
proceeds of the Notes is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in the Notes, they should consider the 
disclosure in "Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds" below and/or and in the relevant Final 
Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes and consult with their legal or other advisers before making 
an investment in the Notes. There is no contractual obligation to allocate such funding to finance eligible 
businesses and projects or to provide annual progress reports, as described in "Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainable Bonds" below and/or and in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer's failure to so allocate or 
report, the failure of any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds to meet a specific 
framework or the failure of external assurance providers to opine on the ESG Assets conformity with a 
specific framework, will not constitute an Event of Default (as defined in the Base Prospectus) with respect 
to the Notes and may affect the value of the Notes and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in ESG Assets, which may in turn affect the liquidity of the Notes. 
Furthermore, any such failure will not lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes. 
No assurance can be given that ESG Assets will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
"green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA), or that any adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds, which may affect the value of the 
Notes. Legal or regulatory definitions or market views as to what constitutes a "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or any such other equivalent label may vary.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
10154051992-v35 
- 23 - 
 
 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of the Notes and in particular with any of the businesses and projects 
funded with the Proceeds to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainable and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. 
The providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
If a Tranche of Notes is at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any of the businesses and projects funded with the Proceeds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of a Tranche of Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes, and any failure to 
obtain or maintain such listing may affect the value of the Notes. 
The Issuer gives no representation or assurance as to the environmental, social or sustainable impact of 
any Reference Asset 
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that the Reference Asset(s) or 
securities underlying any Reference Asset(s) (if the Reference Asset is an equity index), satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any direct or 
indirect environmental, social or sustainable impact of the businesses or products of the Reference Asset(s) 
or issuers of such Reference Asset(s) or securities underlying such Reference Asset(s).  If such 
environmental, social or sustainable impact is a factor in an investor’s decision to invest in Notes, investors 
should consult with their legal or other advisers before making an investment in such Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
10154051992-v35 
- 24 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This section provides details of the documents incorporated by reference which form part of this Base 
Prospectus and which are publicly available. 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank shall be deemed to be incorporated 
in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any documents incorporated by reference in any of 
the documents set forth below do not form part of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 
December 2020 (the "2020 Annual Report and Accounts"); 
(b) 
the 2019 Annual Report and Accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the "2019 Annual Report and Accounts"); 
(c) 
the registration document of the Issuer dated 22 June 2021 approved by the Central Bank of Ireland 
("CBI") (the "Registration Document"); 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 31-62 of the base prospectus relating to 
the Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes issued under the Programme 
dated 24 June 2013 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in compliance with 
the Prospectus Directive (the "2013 Note Conditions"); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 85-143 of the base prospectus relating 
to Interest Rate Linked and Inflation Linked Notes issued under the Programme dated 3 October 
2016 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in compliance with the Prospectus 
Directive (the "2016 Note Conditions"); 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 87-148 of the base prospectus relating 
to Interest Rate Linked and Inflation Linked Notes issued under the Programme dated 10 
November 2017 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in compliance with the 
Prospectus Directive (the "2017 Note Conditions"); 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 105-169 of the base prospectus relating 
to Interest Rate Linked and Inflation Linked Notes issued under the Programme dated 29 June 
2018 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in compliance with the Prospectus 
Directive (the "2018 Note Conditions"); and 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 106-169 of the base prospectus relating 
to Interest Rate Linked and Inflation Linked Notes issued under the Programme dated 19 June 
2019 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in compliance with the Prospectus 
Directive (the "2019 Note Conditions"); 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 74-150 of the base prospectus relating 
to Interest Rate Linked and Inflation Linked Notes issued under the Programme dated 18 June 
2020 which has been approved by the FCA as a base prospectus in compliance with the Prospectus 
Directive (the "2020 Note Conditions"), 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference and in respect of which 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus is prepared modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Any information incorporated by reference in the above documents does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and to the extent that only certain parts of the above documents are specified to be incorporated 
by reference herein, the non-incorporated parts of such documents are either not relevant for investors or 
are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will at its registered office and at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent make available for 
inspection during normal business hours, upon reasonable notice, and free of charge, upon oral or written 
request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
Written or oral requests for inspection of such documents should be directed to the specified office of the

--- Page 35 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
10154051992-v35 
- 25 - 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent. Additionally, this Base Prospectus and all the documents incorporated by reference 
herein will be available for viewing at the following websites: 
1. 
In relation to the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/results-and-announcements/all-reporting/subsidiaries?page=1&take=20 
2. 
In relation to 2019 Annual Report and Accounts: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/results-and-announcements/all-reporting/subsidiaries?page=1&take=20 
3. 
In relation to the Registration Document: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
4. 
In relation to the 2013 Note Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
5. 
In relation to the 2016 Note Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
6. 
In relation to the 2017 Note Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
7. 
In relation to the 2018 Note Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
8. 
In relation to the 2019 Note Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
9. 
In relation to the 2020 Note Conditions: 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, any 
websites referred to in this Base Prospectus or any information appearing on such websites and pages do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 26 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
This section provides details of how an investment in the Notes works and how payments under the Notes 
are calculated, including a number of worked examples. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Notes which are debt obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer may issue 
various types of Notes and various additional optional features may apply to each type of Note. The types 
of Notes and the various additional optional features that may apply to each type of Note are set out below. 
A document known as "Final Terms" will be prepared in respect of each issue of Notes. The Final Terms 
will give further details of the amounts payable under the Notes. 
TYPES OF NOTES 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may include Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reverse 
Floating Rate Notes, Digital Interest Rate Notes, Steepener Notes, Zero Coupon Notes and Inflation Linked 
Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Set out below is a more detailed description of the various 
types of Notes, together with worked examples of how interest and redemption amounts are calculated in 
relation to certain Notes. Such amounts will ordinarily be paid in the currency specified in the Final Terms 
as the "Settlement Currency". 
A. 
FINAL REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the redemption provisions applicable to the Notes are: 
• 
Fixed Redemption; or 
• 
Inflation Linked Redemption, 
(each, a "Final Redemption Type"). 
If the Final Redemption Type is 'Fixed Redemption' then an investor may be entitled to the following cash 
amounts in respect of each Note, depending on what is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
• 
unless 'Instalment Notes' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a single payment 
of principal on the maturity date, such payment being the 'Final Redemption Amount' specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
• 
if 'Instalment Notes' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on each date which is 
specified as an 'Instalment Date' in the relevant Final Terms, payment of the instalment of principal 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the corresponding 'Instalment Amount' for such Instalment 
Date. 
If the Final Redemption Type is 'Inflation Linked Redemption' then an investor may be entitled to a single 
payment of principal in respect of each Note, such payment being the 'Final Redemption Amount'. The 
Final Redemption Amount shall be equal to the product of a specified principal amount of Notes (the 
"Calculation Amount") and the 'Final Inflation Factor'. The Final Inflation Factor will be determined by 
dividing the level of the relevant Inflation Index (as specified in the Final Terms) for the calendar month 
specified in the Final Terms as corresponding to the maturity date by the level of the relevant Inflation 
Index on the Initial Valuation Date (being the date specified as such in the Final Terms). 
A worked example of how the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Redemption will 
be calculated in practice is set out below. 
Inflation Linked Redemption worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the Final Redemption Type 
as 'Inflation Linked Redemption' and the following in relation to Inflation Linked Redemption: 
• 
The Maturity Date of the Notes is 20 August 2025. 
• 
The Final Valuation Date will be 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (being 13 August 
2025). 
• 
The Final Redemption Reference Month is June 2025. 
• 
The Initial Valuation Date is 20 August 2022.

--- Page 37 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 27 - 
 
 
• 
The Initial Redemption Reference Month is June 2022. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Inflation Index is the unrevised UK Retail Price Index All Items NSA as calculated and 
published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) (Bloomberg ticker: UKRPI). 
What is the Final Redemption Amount payable on each Note on the Maturity Date? 
In order to calculate the Final Redemption Amount payable on each Note on the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the level of the Inflation Index published or announced for 
the Initial Redemption Reference Month (June 2022) (Inflation Index(i)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such level to be 120. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent determines the level of the Inflation Index for the Final Redemption 
Reference Month (being June 2025) (Inflation Index(f)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such level to be 140. 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Final Inflation Factor in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Inflation Index(f)
Inflation Index(i)
 
Therefore, the Final Inflation Factor for these purposes = 1.1666667 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent multiplies the Final Inflation Factor (determined in accordance with 
paragraph (iii) above) with the Calculation Amount as follows: 
Final Redemption Amount
= [Final Inflation Factor (1.1666667) × Calculation Amount (1000)]
= GBP1,166.67 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
Therefore, the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date shall be 
GBP 1,166.67. 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of the Notes, please see section 
C (Interest Amounts Due Under the Notes) below. 
 
B. 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
Callable Notes: If "Issuer's optional redemption (Call Option)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and exercised by the Issuer, payment of an early redemption amount will be made to the 
Noteholders on a date specified as an "Optional Redemption Date (Call Option)", such amount being the 
"Redemption Amount (Call Option)". 
Callable Notes worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in relation to 
each Note: 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Issue Price is 100% of the Calculation Amount. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
"Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of which: 
• 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call Option) is 15 June 2025; and 
• 
the Redemption Amount (Call Option) is 100.25%. 
What is the redemption amount payable on each Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Call 
Option)? 
If the Issuer exercises its call option, then the Notes will be redeemed by it on 15 June 2025, being the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call Option). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the redemption amount payable in respect of each Calculation 
Amount as follows: 
EUR 1,000 (Calculation Amount) × 100.25% (Redemption Amount (Call Option))
= EUR 1,002.50. 
In addition, any interest payable on 15 June 2025 will be payable. However, no further interest will be 
payable in respect of subsequent Interest Payment Dates. 
 
Puttable Notes: If "Noteholder's optional redemption (Put Option)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and exercised by a Noteholder, payment of an early redemption amount will be made to the

--- Page 38 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 28 - 
 
 
Noteholders on a date specified as an "Optional Redemption Date (Put Option)", such amount being the 
"Redemption Amount (Put Option)". 
Puttable Notes worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in relation to 
each Note: 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Issue Price is 100% of the Calculation Amount. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
"Noteholder's optional redemption (Put Option)" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of which: 
• 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put Option) is 15 June 2025; and 
• 
the Redemption Amount (Put Option) is 100.25%. 
What is the redemption amount payable in respect of a Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put 
Option)? 
If the Noteholder exercises its put option, then the Notes of such Noteholder will be redeemed on 15 
June 2025, being the Optional Redemption Date (Put Option). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the redemption amount payable in respect of each Calculation 
Amount as follows: 
EUR 1,000 (Calculation Amount) × 100.25% (Redemption Amount (Put Option))
= EUR 1,002.50. 
In addition, any interest payable on 15 June 2025 will be payable. However, no further interest will be 
payable in respect of subsequent Interest Payment Dates. 
 
C. 
INTEREST AMOUNTS DUE UNDER THE NOTES 
1. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
If "Fixed Rate Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes 
will bear interest at a fixed percentage rate. This is referred to in the Final Terms as the "Rate of 
Interest" and will either be expressed as a percentage rate per annum or a percentage rate for 
another fixed period. 
The interest on such Notes will be paid on the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
the "Interest Payment Dates". The amount of interest or "Interest Amount" payable on each 
such Interest Payment Date will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes for the period from the last Interest Payment Date until the Interest 
Payment Date in question (or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, from the date which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the "Interest Commencement Date" until such first 
Interest Payment Date), and each such period is referred to as an "Interest Period". Such amounts 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as the "Fixed Coupon Amounts". 
If Fixed Coupon Amounts for the Interest Payment Dates are not so specified, or if interest needs 
to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period (such as where there is an unscheduled 
redemption of the Notes), interest will be calculated in relation to a specified principal amount of 
Notes (the "Calculation Amount") by applying the Rate of Interest to such Calculation Amount 
and multiplying the product by a fraction reflecting the number of days for which interest has 
accrued (the "Day Count Fraction"). 
The Day Count Fraction reflects the number of days in the period for which interest is being 
calculated. 
A worked example of how a Day Count Fraction is applied in practice is set out below. 
Fixed Rate Note worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Fixed Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 15 June 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR.

--- Page 39 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 29 - 
 
 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Notes are issued in the denominations of EUR 5,000 plus integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 thereafter. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 15 January and 15 June in each year. 
• 
The Rate of Interest is specified as 0.9% per annum. 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in 
relation to each Interest Payment Date. Since no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified, the 
Calculation Agent will do so using the Day Count Fraction, as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will apply the Rate of Interest (0.9% per annum) to the 
Calculation Amount of EUR 1,000. This results in a figure equal to EUR 9.00. 
(ii) 
This figure (EUR 9.00) is then multiplied by the Day Count Fraction. Interest on the 
Notes is to be paid on regularly occurring semi-annual Interest Payment Dates (i.e. 15 
January and 15 June in each year). The Day Count Fraction is specified as 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) and, accordingly, the Day Count Fraction is ½ (being 1 divided 
by the number of regular interest periods in a year). 
(iii) 
Accordingly, this results in a figure of EUR 4.50 (i.e. ½ x EUR 9.00). 
(iv) 
If the denomination of the Notes is equal to the Calculation Amount of EUR 1,000, 
then this figure will be the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date: 
(v) 
If the Note has a denomination larger than the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of the Note will be calculated by dividing the denomination 
of the Note by the Calculation Amount and multiplying the result by the amount 
determined at paragraph (iii) above, as follows: 
(a) 
(EUR 5,000(Denomination of Note))/(EUR 1,000(Calculation Amount)) 
= 5 
then: 
(b) 
5 × EUR 4.50 
= EUR 22.50 
Accordingly, where the denomination of a Note is EUR 5,000, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note on each Interest Payment Date will be EUR 22.50. 
The Interest Amount is paid twice per annum and, consequently, during the term of 
the Notes a total Interest Amount of EUR 45.00 will be payable (i.e. in respect of 
Notes with a denomination of EUR 1,000) or EUR 225.00 (i.e. in respect of Notes 
with a denomination of EUR 5,000). 
 
2. 
Floating Rate Notes 
If "Floating Rate Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes 
will bear interest at a Rate of Interest which is a variable percentage rate per annum or such other 
period as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes for a given interest period (the "Relevant Interest 
Period") will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference either to: 
(a) 
where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
quotations provided electronically by banks in the "Relevant Financial Centre" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
where "ISDA Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a 
notional interest rate on a swap transaction in the Settlement Currency; 
(c) 
where "CMS Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) the semi-
annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the Final Terms) for a swap transaction 
in the currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the relevant Final Terms with a maturity 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as 'Designated Maturity';

--- Page 40 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 30 - 
 
 
(d) 
where "RMS Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) the semi-
annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for a swap 
transaction in the currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the relevant Final Terms 
with a maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms as 'Residual Designated Maturity' 
in respect of the Relevant Interest Period; or 
(e) 
where "Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the compound or simple average (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the relevant overnight rate for each calendar day in the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
and in each case, where specified in the relevant Final Terms, by multiplying the rate so calculated 
(the "Floating Rate") with the number specified as the 'Leverage' in the Final Terms for such 
Interest Payment Date (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the Leverage shall be 
deemed to be 1) (the "Leverage") and the addition of an additional percentage rate per annum 
specified in the Final Terms (known as the "Margin"). 
The Leverage reflects a number which determines the level of exposure to the Floating Rate, where 
1 will give proportionate exposure, a number greater than 1 will multiply the effects of gains and 
losses and a number less than 1 will reduce the effects of gains and losses. 
In respect of each Note and on each interest payment date the amount of interest payable will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for that interest payment date to the nominal amount, 
and then multiplying such amount by a fraction reflecting the number of days for which interest 
has accrued (the "Day Count Fraction"). 
The Day Count Fraction reflects the number of days in the period for which interest is being 
calculated. 
Where "Minimum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
be restricted from falling below a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "floor"). 
Where a "Maximum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
not exceed a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "cap"). 
A worked example of how a Day Count Fraction, Leverage, Minimum Interest Rate and Maximum 
Interest Rate are applied in practice is set out below. 
Floating Rate Notes worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 5% per annum. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 1.13% per annum. 
• 
Margin is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1.5. 
• 
Non-Indexed Overnight Determination is Applicable and the following information is 
specified: 
• 
the Overnight Reference Rate is SONIA. 
• 
the Determination Method is Weighted Average Rate. 
• 
the Observation Method is Observation Shift (Standard Shift). 
• 
"p" is 5 Reference Rate Business Days. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed).

--- Page 41 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 31 - 
 
 
• 
The Interest Determination Date is the second Business Day falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date. 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 20 August 2025). 
In order to determine the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Agent must first determine 
the Floating Rate applicable to the Notes for the Relevant Interest Period. 
Non-Indexed Overnight Determination is specified as being applicable. 
As "Observation Shift (Standard Shift)" is specified as the Observation Method and 
"Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the Determination Method, the Floating Rate 
will be determined by reference to the average of the Overnight Reference Rate on each 
calendar day during the Observation Period relating to the Relevant Interest Period. 
The "Observation Period" in relation to the Relevant Interest Period shall be a period 
from and including the date falling five (5) ("p") Reference Rate Business Days prior 
to the first day of the Relevant Interest Period and ending "p" Reference Rate Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date. 
• 
In relation to any day in the Observation Period which is a "Reference Rate 
Business Day" (being any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London), the Overnight Reference Rate shall be the SONIA rate (provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and published on the 
relevant screen page) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day; and 
• 
In relation to any day in the Observation Period which is not a "Reference Rate 
Business Day", the Overnight Reference Rate shall be the SONIA rate 
determined in respect of the immediately preceding Reference Rate Business 
Day. 
On the Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines an average per 
annum rate (such rate being the Floating Rate for the Relevant Interest Period) based 
on the Overnight Reference Rates for each calendar day in the Observation Period. 
To calculate the Floating Rate, the Calculation Agent: 
• 
calculates the sum of the Overnight Reference Rates for each calendar day in 
the Observation Period; and 
• 
divides the sum of such Overnight Reference Rates by the number of calendar 
days in the Observation Period. 
Let us assume that the sum of the Overnight Reference Rates for each calendar day in 
the Observation Period is 730%, and the number of calendar days during the 
Observation Period is 365. The Floating Rate would be calculated as (A) 730% divided 
by (B) 365 = 2.00%. 
The Calculation Agent then calculates the Rate of Interest by: 
(i) 
multiplying the Floating Rate with the Leverage (2% ×  1.5 = 3%); and 
(ii) 
adding to the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above the 
Margin. As Margin is specified as being Not Applicable to the Notes, the Rate 
of Interest for this Relevant Interest Period will therefore be 3% per annum. 
(Conversely, if Margin was applicable, then the Rate of Interest would be the 
sum of 3% and the percentage rate specified as the Margin.) 
Secondly, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days 
in the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝑖𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑎𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑))
/(365 (𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
3% × GBP 1,000 
= GBP 30.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction:

--- Page 42 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 32 - 
 
 
GBP 30.00 ×  1 = GBP 30.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 30.00. 
(2) 
What if the rate determined by the Calculation Agent is less than the Minimum 
Interest Rate or more than the Maximum Interest Rate? 
If the rate determined by the Calculation Agent after the application of Leverage and 
adding any applicable Margin (which in this example does not apply) is less than the 
Minimum Interest Rate specified or more than the Maximum Interest Rate specified, 
then the Rate of Interest will be the Minimum Interest Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Maximum Interest Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Accordingly, if, for example, the Rate of Interest so calculated would have been 0.5%, 
then, as the Minimum Interest Rate is specified as 1.13%, then the Rate of Interest will 
actually be 1.13%. As applied to the above example, if 3% were replaced by 1.13%, the 
Interest Amount payable would be GBP 11.30 per Note. 
 
3. 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
If "Reverse Floating Rate Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Notes will bear interest at a Rate of Interest which is determined by deducting a variable 
percentage rate (a reference rate) from a fixed percentage (reverse fixed interest rate), each as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Note that the Interest Rate applicable to Reverse Floating Rate Notes is determined by subtracting 
the floating rate from a reverse fixed interest rate, whereas the Interest Rate applicable to Floating 
Rate Notes is determined by adding or subtracting a fixed margin to or from a floating rate. 
The Rate of Interest for Reverse Floating Rate Notes for a given interest period (the "Relevant 
Interest Period") will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference either to: 
(a) 
where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
quotations provided electronically by banks in the "Relevant Financial Centre" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
where "ISDA Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a 
notional interest rate on a swap transaction in the Settlement Currency; 
(c) 
where "CMS Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) the semi-
annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the Final Terms) for a swap transaction 
in the currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the relevant Final Terms with a maturity 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as 'Designated Maturity'; 
(d) 
where "RMS Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) the semi-
annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for a swap 
transaction in the currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the relevant Final Terms 
with a maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms as 'Residual Designated Maturity' 
in respect of the Relevant Interest Period; or 
(e) 
where "Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the compound or simple average (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the relevant overnight rate for each calendar day in the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
and in each case, where specified in the relevant Final Terms, by 
(i) 
multiplying the rate so calculated (the "Floating Rate") with the number specified 
as the 'Leverage' in the Final Terms for such Interest Payment Date (provided

--- Page 43 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 33 - 
 
 
that, if no such amount is specified, the Leverage shall be deemed to be 1) (the 
"Leverage"); and 
(ii) 
deducting the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above from a 
percentage rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms (known as the 
"Reverse Fixed Interest Rate"). 
The Leverage reflects a number which determines the level of exposure to the Floating Rate, where 
1 will give proportionate exposure, a number greater than 1 will multiply the effects of gains and 
losses and a number less than 1 will reduce the effects of gains and losses. 
In respect of each Note and on each interest payment date the amount of interest payable will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for that interest payment date to the nominal amount, 
and then multiplying such amount by a fraction reflecting the number of days for which interest 
has accrued (the "Day Count Fraction"). 
The Day Count Fraction reflects the number of days in the period for which interest is being 
calculated. 
Where "Minimum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
be restricted from falling below a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "floor"). 
Where a "Maximum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
not exceed a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "cap"). 
A worked example of how a Day Count Fraction, Leverage, Minimum Interest Rate and Maximum 
Interest Rate are applied in practice is set out below. 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Reverse Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 5% per annum. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 1.13% per annum. 
• 
Reverse Fixed Interest Rate is specified as 7%. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1.5. 
• 
ISDA Determination is Applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Floating Rate Option is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Designated Maturity is 3 months; and  
• 
the Reset Date is the first day of each Interest Period.  
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August and 20 February in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 20 August 2025). 
As ISDA Determination is applicable to the Notes, the Calculation Agent does this by 
determining the rate for deposits in Euro for a period of the Designated Maturity (being 
3 months) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 as at 11 a.m. (Brussels) on 20 
August 2024 (being the Reset Date) pursuant to the ISDA Definitions.  
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate (the Floating Rate) 
is 2% per annum. 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest by: 
(i) 
multiplying the Floating Rate with the Leverage (2% x 1.5 = 3%); and

--- Page 44 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 34 - 
 
 
(ii) 
deducting the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above from the 
Reverse Fixed Interest Rate. 
As Reverse Fixed Interest Rate is specified as being 7%, the Rate of Interest for this 
Relevant Interest Period will therefore be: 
7% - 3% = 4% per annum. 
Secondly, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/360, 
this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in the 
Relevant Interest Period by 360, as follows: 
(180 (𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝑖𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑎𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑))
/(360 (𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛)) 
= 0.5 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
4% ×  EUR 1,000 
= EUR 40.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
EUR 40.00 ×  0.5 = EUR 20.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be EUR 20.00. 
(2) 
What if the rate determined by the Calculation Agent is less than the Minimum 
Interest Rate or more than the Maximum Interest Rate? 
If the rate determined by the Calculation Agent after deducting the Floating Rate from 
the Reverse Fixed Interest Rate is less than the Minimum Interest Rate specified or 
more than the Maximum Interest Rate specified, then the Rate of Interest will be the 
Minimum Interest Rate or, as the case may be, the Maximum Interest Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Accordingly, if, for example, the Rate of Interest so calculated would have been 0.5%, 
then, as the Minimum Interest Rate is specified as 1.13%, then the Rate of Interest will 
actually be 1.13%. As applied to the above example, if 4% were replaced by 1.13%, the 
Interest Amount payable would be EUR 5.65 per Note. 
 
4. 
Digital Interest Rate Notes 
If "Digital Interest Rate Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Notes will bear interest at a Rate of Interest equal to: 
(a) 
"Digital Rate 1" (which can either be a predetermined fixed rate of interest or a rate of 
interest linked to floating rate, depending on which one is applicable in the Final Terms) 
multiplied by Digital Leverage 1 (as specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
Digital Leverage 1 shall be deemed to be 1) and adding to such product the Digital Rate 1 
Spread (as specified in the Final Terms) (the "Leveraged Rate 1"), if the Digital 
Reference Rate (as specified in the Final Terms) is less than the Digital Strike (as specified 
in the Final Terms), 
(b) 
"Digital Rate 2" (which can either be a predetermined fixed rate of interest or a rate of 
interest linked to a floating rate, depending on which one is applicable in the Final Terms) 
multiplied by Digital Leverage 2 (as specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
Digital Leverage 2 shall be deemed to be 1) and adding to such product the Digital Rate 2 
Spread (as specified in the Final Terms) (the "Leveraged Rate 2"), if the Digital 
Reference Rate is greater than the Digital Strike, or 
(c) 
the greater of Leveraged Rate 1 and Leveraged Rate 2, if the Digital Reference Rate is 
equal to the Digital Strike. 
In relation to each Digital Interest Rate Note in respect of an interest period ending on an interest 
payment date (the "Relevant Interest Period") the amount of interest payable on such interest 
payment date will be calculated by applying the relevant digital interest rate to the nominal amount,

--- Page 45 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 35 - 
 
 
and then multiplying such amount by a fraction reflecting the number of days for which interest 
has accrued (the "Day Count Fraction). 
Any of Digital Rate 1, Digital Rate 2 or Digital Reference Rate which is a floating rate will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference either to: 
(a) 
where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
quotations provided electronically by banks in the "Relevant Financial Centre" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
where "ISDA Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a 
notional interest rate on a swap transaction in the Settlement Currency; 
(c) 
where "CMS Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) the semi-
annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the Final Terms) for a swap transaction 
in the currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the relevant Final Terms with a maturity 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as 'Designated Maturity'; 
(d) 
where "RMS Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) the semi-
annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for a swap 
transaction in the currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the relevant Final Terms 
with a maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms as 'Residual Designated Maturity' 
in respect of the Relevant Interest Period; or 
(e) 
where "Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the compound or simple average (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the relevant overnight rate for each calendar day in the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (provided that where "Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination" 
is specified in relation to the Digital Reference Rate, the Digital Reference Rate will be 
determined by reference to the relevant overnight rate on the observation date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
Digital Interest Rate Note worked example, where 'Digital Rate 1' and 'Digital Rate 2' are 
fixed rates: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Digital Interest Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
Digital Rate 1 is a fixed rate equal to 8% per annum. 
• 
Digital Leverage 1 is not specified in the Final Terms, therefore, this will be deemed to 
be 1. 
• 
Digital Rate 1 Spread is specified as zero. 
• 
Digital Rate 2 is a fixed rate equal to 6% per annum. 
• 
Digital Leverage 2 is not specified in the Final Terms, therefore, this will be deemed to 
be 1. 
• 
Digital Rate 2 Spread is specified as zero. 
• 
In respect of the Digital Reference Rate, Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and 
the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and

--- Page 46 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 36 - 
 
 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Digital Strike is specified as 3%. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 1 April, 1 July, 1 October and 1 January in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
In order to calculate the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant Interest Period 
ending on an Interest Payment Date (say, 1 April 2024), the Calculation Agent first 
determines the Digital Reference Rate. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Digital Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining what rate is specified as 3-month 
EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on 
Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussles) (the 
Relevant Time) on 1 January 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant Interest Period 
(i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 5% per annum. 
Therefore, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for the Relevant Interest Period 
shall be 6% per annum (which is equal to Digital Rate 2) as the Digital Reference Rate 
is greater than the Digital Strike. (Conversely, had the Digital Reference Rate been less 
than the Digital Strike, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for the Relevant 
Interest Period would have been Digital Rate 1.) 
Thereafter, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/360, 
this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in the 
Relevant Interest Period by 360, as follows: 
(90 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(360 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 0.25 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
6% ×  𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 
= EUR 60.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
𝐺𝐵𝑃 60.00 ×  0.25 = 𝐺𝐵𝑃 15.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be EUR 15.00. 
(2) 
What if the Digital Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent is equal to 
the Digital Strike? 
If the Digital Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent is equal to the Digital 
Strike for any Relevant Interest period then the Rate of Interest payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period shall be the greater of Digital Rate 1 and Digital Rate 2. 
If, for example, the Digital Reference Rate so calculated would have been 3%, then as 
Digital Rate 1 is greater than Digital Rate 2, then the Rate of Interest will actually be 
8% (being equal to Digital Rate 1). As applied to the above example, if 6% were 
replaced by 8%, the Interest Amount payable would be EUR 20.00 per Note. 
 
Digital Interest Rate Note worked example, where 'Digital Rate 1' is a floating rate and 
'Digital Rate 2' is a fixed rate: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Digital Interest Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 10% per annum.

--- Page 47 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 37 - 
 
 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 3% per annum. 
• 
In respect of the Digital Reference Rate, Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and 
the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
In respect of the Digital Rate 1, Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and the 
following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 6-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR;  
• 
the Digital Leverage 1 is specified as 2; and 
• 
the Digital Rate 1 Spread is specified as 1%. 
• 
Digital Rate 2 is a fixed rate equal to 10% per annum. 
• 
Digital Leverage 2 is not specified in the Final Terms, therefore, this will be deemed to 
be 1. 
• 
Digital Rate 2 Spread is specified as zero. 
• 
The Digital Strike is specified as 3%. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 1 April, 1 July, 1 October and 1 January in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
In order to calculate the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant Interest Period 
ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 1 April 2024), the Calculation Agent first 
determines the Digital Reference Rate. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Digital Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining what rate is specified as 3-month 
EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on 
Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the 
Relevant Time) on 1 January 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant Interest Period 
(i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 2% per annum. 
Thereafter, the Calculation Agent determines Digital Rate 1. As Screen Rate 
Determination is applicable to Digital Rate 1, the Calculation Agent does this by 
determining what rate is specified as 6-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR 
(the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 1 January 2024 (being the first day 
of the Relevant Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)).  
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 3.5% per annum. 
Therefore, as the Digital Reference Rate is less than the Digital Strike, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for the Relevant Interest Period shall be 3.5% per annum 
(which is equal to Digital Rate 1) multiplied by 2 (being the Digital Leverage 1) and 
adding to this product 1% (being the Digital Rate 1 Spread). (Conversely, had the 
Digital Reference Rate been greater than the Digital Strike, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for the Relevant Interest Period would have been calculated 
with reference to Digital Rate 2.) 
Accordingly, the Rate of Interest = 3.5% (Digital Rate 1) x 2 (Digital Leverage 1) + 1% 
(Digital Rate 1 Spread) = 8%

--- Page 48 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 38 - 
 
 
Finally, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/360, 
this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in the 
Relevant Interest Period by 360, as follows: 
(90 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(360 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 0.25 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
8% × 𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 
= EUR 80.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
𝐸𝑈𝑅 80.00 × 0.25 = 𝐸𝑈𝑅 20.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be EUR 20.00. 
(2) 
What if the Digital Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent is equal to 
the Digital Strike? 
If the Digital Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent is equal to the Digital 
Strike for any Relevant Interest period then the Rate of Interest payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period shall be the greater of Leveraged Rate 1 (being Digital 
Rate 1 multiplied by Digital Leverage 1 and adding to such product the Digital Rate 1 
Spread) and Leveraged Rate 2 (being Digital Rate 2 multiplied by Digital Leverage 2 
and adding to such product the Digital Rate 2 Spread). 
If, for example, the Digital Reference Rate so calculated would have been 3%, then as 
Leveraged Rate 2 is greater than Leveraged Rate 1, the Rate of Interest will actually be 
10% (being equal to Leveraged Rate 2). As applied to the above example, if 8% were 
replaced by 10%, the Interest Amount payable would be EUR 25.00 per Note. 
(3) 
What if the rate determined by the Calculation Agent is less than the Minimum 
Interest Rate or more than the Maximum Interest Rate? 
If the Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above is less than the Minimum Interest Rate specified or more than the 
Maximum Interest Rate specified, then the Rate of Interest will be the Minimum 
Interest Rate or, as the case may be, the Maximum Interest Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Accordingly, if, for example, the Rate of Interest so calculated would have been 2%, 
then, as the Minimum Interest Rate is specified as 3%, then the Rate of Interest will 
actually be 3%. As applied to the above example, if 8% were replaced by 3%, the 
Interest Amount payable would be EUR 7.50 per Note. 
 
5. 
Steepener Notes 
If "Steepener Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes 
will bear interest at a Rate of Interest determined by taking the amount (if any) by which a 
designated swap rate (the "Spread Linked Rate 1") exceeds another designated swap rate (the 
"Spread Linked Rate 2"), multiplying that amount by the number specified as the 'Leverage' in 
the Final Terms for such Interest Payment Date (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the 
Leverage shall be deemed to be 1) (the "Leverage") and the addition of an additional percentage 
rate per annum specified in the Final Terms (known as the "Spread"). 
Swap rates in the context of Steepener Notes are rates fixed on interest rate swaps. A commonly 
used benchmark for such swap rates is the service known as ICE Swap Rate. ICE Swap Rate 
represents the mid-price for interest rate swaps (the fixed leg), at particular times of the day, in 
three major currencies (EUR, GBP and USD) and in tenors ranging from 1 year to 30 years. 
Steepener Notes may be linked to the difference (spread) between any two ICE Swap Rates relating 
to the "Relevant Currency" as specified in the applicable Final Terms (for example Steepener Notes 
may be linked to the difference between 10 year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency and the 
2 year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency).

--- Page 49 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 39 - 
 
 
Each of Spread Linked Rate 1 and Spread Linked Rate 2 will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the swap rate (which may be (i) the swap rate, (ii) the annual swap rate, (iii) 
the semi-annual swap rate, (iv) the quarterly swap rate, (v) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vi) 
the quarterly-quarterly swap rate, as specified in the Final Terms) for a swap transaction in the 
currency specified as 'Relevant Currency' in the Final Terms with a maturity as specified in the 
Final Terms as 'Designated Maturity'. 
In relation to each Steepener Note in respect of an interest period ending on an interest payment 
date (the "Relevant Interest Period") the amount of interest payable on such interest payment 
date will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for that interest payment date to the nominal 
amount, and then multiplying such amount by a fraction reflecting the number of days for which 
interest has accrued (the "Day Count Fraction). 
Where "Minimum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
be restricted from falling below a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "floor"). 
Where a "Maximum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
not exceed a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "cap"). 
In the event that the Spread Linked Rate 1 does not exceed the Spread Linked Rate 2 on a date 
which is relevant to the calculation of interest for a Relevant Interest Period (i.e. the Interest 
Determination Date), the Rate of Interest on the Notes for that period will equal zero or, if any 
Minimum Interest Rate has been specified in the relevant Final Terms and applies, will equal that 
Minimum Interest Rate. 
A worked example of how a Day Count Fraction, Leverage, Minimum Interest Rate and Maximum 
Interest Rate are applied in practice is set out below. 
Steepener Note worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Steepener Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
In respect of Spread Linked Rate 1, CMS Rate Determination is applicable and the 
following information is specified: 
• 
the CMS Reference Rate is EUR CMS30 (being the 30-year ICE Swap Rate in 
the Relevant Currency (EUR)); 
• 
the Designated Maturity is 30 years; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is ICESWAP2; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
In respect of Spread Linked Rate 2, CMS Rate Determination is applicable and the 
following information is specified: 
• 
the CMS Reference Rate is EUR CMS2 (being the 2-year ICE Swap Rate in 
the Relevant Currency (EUR)); 
• 
the Designated Maturity is 2 years; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is ICESWAP2; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 17% per annum. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0% per annum. 
• 
Spread is specified as 0.5%.

--- Page 50 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 40 - 
 
 
• 
Leverage is specified as 5. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
(A) 
In order to calculate the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant Interest Period 
ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 20 August 2025): 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines Spread Linked Rate 1 by determining the 
rate that is specified as EUR CMS30 (the Spread Linked Rate 1) for EUR (the 
Relevant Currency) with a Designated Maturity of 30 years, which appears on 
Reuters Page ICESWAP2 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) 
(the Relevant Time) on 20 August 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant 
Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 5.50% 
per annum. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent determines Spread Linked Rate 2 by determining the 
rate that is specified as EUR CMS2 (the Spread Linked Rate 2) for EUR (the 
Relevant Currency) with a Designated Maturity of 2 years, which appears on 
Reuters Page ICESWAP2 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) 
(the Relevant Time) on 20 August 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant 
Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 2.24% 
per annum. 
(iii) 
Thereafter, the Calculation Agent calculates the difference between Spread 
Linked Rate 1 and Spread Linked Rate 2, and multiplies this difference by the 
Leverage as follows: 
[Spread Linked Rate 1 (5.50%) −Spread Linked Rate 2 (2.24%)] × Leverage (5) 
= 16.30% 
(iv) 
Finally, the Calculation Agent adds the Spread to the percentage rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (iii) above which results in the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of the Relevant Interest Period as 
follows: 
Rate of Interest = 16.30% +  Spread (0.5%) 
= 16.80% per annum. 
(B) 
Thereafter, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(365 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
16.80% × GBP 1,000 
= GBP 168.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
GBP 168.00 × 1 = GBP 168.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 168.00. 
(2) 
What if the rate determined by the Calculation Agent is less than the Minimum 
Interest Rate or more than the Maximum Interest Rate? 
If the Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent in paragraph (1) above is 
more than the Minimum Interest Rate specified or less than the Maximum Interest Rate 
specified, then the Rate of Interest will be the Minimum Interest Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Maximum Interest Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, for example, the Rate of Interest so calculated would have been negative (for 
example in a scenario where Spread Linked Rate 2 is greater than Spread Linked Rate

--- Page 51 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 41 - 
 
 
1), then, as the Minimum Interest Rate is specified as 0%, then the Rate of Interest will 
actually be 0%. As applied to the above example, no interest would be payable in 
respect of the Notes in respect of the Relevant Interest Period. 
 
6. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If "Zero Coupon Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes 
will not be interest-bearing. 
If Zero Coupon Notes are required to be redeemed early and "Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and 
Reference Price" is specified as the "Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, the 
early redemption amount payable in respect of such Notes will be the sum of a reference amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms known as the "Zero Coupon Note Reference Price" and the 
product of an annually compounded percentage rate specified in the relevant Final Terms known 
as the Accrual Yield applied to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price over a period from the issue 
date to the date of early redemption. 
If Zero Coupon Notes are required to be redeemed early and "Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and 
Reference Price" is not specified as the "Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the early redemption amount payable in respect of such Note will be (i) the amount specified as 
the "Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the fair market value (and in 
respect only of Notes that are not expected to be admitted to listing on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A., 
less any related hedging costs) of the Note, if "Fair Market Value" is specified as the "Early 
Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms. If Fair Market Value Floor is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Fair Market Value shall in no event be less than 
the amount equal to the percentage per Calculation Amount specified as the Fair Market Value 
Floor Percentage in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Note worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Zero Coupon Notes: 
• 
The Issue Date is 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency of denomination is USD. 
• 
The Issue Price is USD 950 per Note (which is 95% of the Calculation Amount). 
• 
The Final Redemption Amount of the Notes is at par value. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is USD 1,000. 
• 
The Early Redemption Amount is specified to be Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and 
Reference Price. 
• 
The Accrual Yield is 5.236%. 
• 
The Zero Coupon Note Reference Price is USD 950. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, so the default 
30E/360 is applicable. 
• 
The term of the Notes is three years (and thus the Notes specify a Maturity Date of 1 
January 2027). 
(1) 
What happens if the Issuer is required to redeem the Zero Coupon Notes early for 
taxation reasons? 
(A) 
In a scenario where Zero Coupon Notes are required to be redeemed early (e.g. 180 
days after the Issue Date for taxation reasons): 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the early redemption amount payable by adding 
the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price to the product of the Accrual Yield (subject to 
the specified Day Count Fraction) applied to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price. 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will multiply the Accrual Yield by the Day Count 
Fraction: 
[180/360 (Number of days elapsed since Issue Date)
× 5.236% (Accural Yield)] 
= 0.02618 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will then apply the rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) above to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price: 
USD 950 (Zero Coupon Note Reference Price) × 0.02618

--- Page 52 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 42 - 
 
 
= USD 24.87 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent will then add the rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price: 
USD 24.87 + USD 950 (Zero Coupon Note Reference Price) 
= USD 974.87 
Accordingly, the early redemption amount payable would be the Zero Coupon Note 
Reference Price plus USD 24.87 per Note. 
(B) 
In a scenario where Zero Coupon Notes are required to be redeemed early (e.g. 1.5 
years after the Issue Date for illegality): 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the early redemption amount payable by adding 
the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price to the product of the Accrual Yield 
(compounded annually and subject to the specified Day Count Fraction) applied to the 
Zero Coupon Note Reference Price. 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the compounded Accrual Yield for the 
whole number of years elapsed as follows: 
〖[1 + 5.236% (Accrual Yield)]〗^(1 (number of whole years)) 
= 1.05236 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the compounded Accrual Yield with 
reference to the Day Count Fraction for a period which is not a whole number 
of years: 
[1
+ 180/360 (𝑏𝑒𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑤ℎ𝑖𝑐ℎ 𝑖𝑠 𝑛𝑜𝑡 𝑎 𝑤ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑒 𝑛𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑦𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑠)
× 5.236% (𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑎𝑙 𝑌𝑖𝑒𝑙𝑑)] 
= 1.02618 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent will multiply the rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) above, with the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (ii) 
above: 
1.05236 × 1.02618 = 1.0799107848 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent will then apply the rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (iii) above to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price: 
USD 950 (Zero Coupon Note Reference Price) × 1.0799107848 
= USD 1,025.92 
Accordingly, the early redemption amount payable would be the Zero Coupon Note 
Reference Price plus USD 75.92 per Note. 
(C) 
In a scenario where Zero Coupon Notes are required to be redeemed early (e.g. 2 years 
after the Issue Date for illegality): 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the early redemption amount payable by adding 
the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price to the product of the Accrual Yield 
(compounded annually) applied to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price. 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the compounded Accrual Yield for the 
whole number of years elapsed as follows: 
〖[1 + 5.236% (𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙 𝑌𝑖𝑒𝑙𝑑)]〗^(2 (𝑛𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑤ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑒 𝑦𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑠)) 
= 1.1074615696 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will then apply the rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) above to the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price: 
1.1074615696 × USD 950 (Zero Coupon Note Reference Price) 
= USD 1,052.09 
Accordingly, the early redemption amount payable would be the Zero Coupon Note 
Reference Price plus USD 102.09 per Note. 
(2) 
What is the Final Redemption of the Zero Coupon Notes? 
If the Zero Coupon Notes are not redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, the Final 
Redemption Amount would be par or, if the relevant Final Terms specify, a percentage 
of par. 
Accordingly, the Final Redemption Amount will be equal to 100% of the Calculation 
Amount, which is USD 1,000 per Note. 
 
7. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
If "Inflation Linked Interest Note provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes (if any) and/or the redemption amount payable

--- Page 53 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 43 - 
 
 
in respect of the Notes is linked to the performance of an inflation index, by way of a specified 
formula. Such inflation indices may include (without limitation) the unrevised Harmonized index 
of consumer prices excluding Tobacco for Eurozone as calculated and published by Eurostat 
(Bloomberg ticker: CPTFEMU), the unrevised UK Retail Price Index All Items NSA as calculated 
and published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) (Bloomberg ticker: UKRPI) or the 
unrevised UK Harmonized CPI NSA as calculated and published by the Office for National 
Statistics (ONS) (Bloomberg ticker: UKCPI). The name of the relevant (or each relevant) inflation 
index and source where information about such inflation index may be obtained will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The inflation linked interest notes will bear interest at a Rate of Interest which shall be calculated 
by reference to a percentage amount reflecting the performance of the inflation index (the 
"Inflation Factor") which shall be calculated as specified below, and multiplying such Inflation 
Factor with the number specified as the 'Leverage' in the Final Terms for such Interest Payment 
Date (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the Leverage shall be deemed to be 1) (the 
"Leverage") and the addition of an additional percentage rate per annum specified in the Final 
Terms (known as the "Spread"). 
The Inflation Factor shall be calculated as follows: 
(X) 
if "Inflation Index Change" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms the 
Inflation Factor shall be calculated as (i) the level of the inflation index for the reference 
month specified for the interest payment date, divided by (ii) the level of the inflation 
index for the initial reference month specified in the relevant Final Terms for such interest 
payment date (or, if only one initial reference month is specified, for such initial reference 
month), subtracting 1 (expressing the result as a percentage); or 
(Y) 
if "Inflation Index Factor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms the 
Inflation Factor shall be calculated as (i) the level of the inflation index for the reference 
month specified for the interest payment date, divided by (ii) the level of the inflation 
index for the initial reference month specified in the relevant Final Terms for such interest 
payment date (or, if only one initial reference month is specified, for such initial reference 
month). 
The Leverage reflects a number which determines the level of exposure to the Inflation Factor, 
where 1 will give proportionate exposure, a number greater than 1 will multiply the effects of gains 
and losses and a number less than 1 will reduce the effects of gains and losses. 
In respect of each Note and on each interest payment date the amount of interest payable will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for that interest payment date to the nominal amount, 
and then multiplying such amount by a fraction reflecting the number of days for which interest 
has accrued (the "Day Count Fraction"). 
The Day Count Fraction reflects the number of days in the period for which interest is being 
calculated (the "Relevant Interest Period"). 
Where "Minimum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
be restricted from falling below a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "floor"). 
Where a "Maximum Interest Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will 
not exceed a fixed percentage level per annum (i.e. a so-called "cap"). 
A worked example of how a Day Count Fraction, Leverage, Minimum Interest Rate and Maximum 
Interest Rate are applied in practice is set out below. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Inflation Linked Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP.

--- Page 54 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 44 - 
 
 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Inflation Index is the unrevised UK Retail Price Index All Items NSA as calculated 
and published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) (Bloomberg ticker: UKRPI). 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 6% per annum. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0% per annum. 
• 
Spread is specified as 0.50%. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
Inflation Index Change is specified as applicable. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Initial Reference Months are, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, 12 months 
prior to the Reference Month specified for such Interest Payment Date. 
• 
The Reference Month specified for the Interest Payment Date falling in August is June. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
(A) 
In order to calculate the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant Interest Period 
ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 20 August 2025): 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the level of the Inflation Index published or 
announced for the relevant Reference Month (June 2024) (Inflation Index(t)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such level to be 120. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent determines the level of the Inflation Index for the Initial 
Reference Month (being June 2024, i.e. 12 months prior to June 2025) 
(Inflation Index(t-1)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such level to be 115. 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Inflation Factor in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Inflation Index(t)
Inflation Index(t−1) - 1 
Therefore, the Inflation Factor for these purposes = 4.34782% 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent multiplies the Inflation Factor (determined in 
accordance with paragraph (iii) above) with the Leverage and to this product 
adds the Spread, which results in the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in 
respect of the Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
Rate of Interest = [Inflation Factor (4.34782%) × Leverage (1)]
+ Spread (0.50%) 
= 4.85% per annum (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded 
upwards). 
(B) 
Thereafter, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(365 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
4.85% × GBP 1,000 
= GBP 48.50 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
GBP 48.50 × 1 = GBP 48.50 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 42.20. 
(2) 
What if the rate determined by the Calculation Agent is less than the Minimum 
Interest Rate or more than the Maximum Interest Rate? 
If the Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent in paragraph (1) above is 
more than 6% or less than 0%, then the Rate of Interest will be the Minimum Interest

--- Page 55 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 45 - 
 
 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Maximum Interest Rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If, for example, the Rate of Interest so calculated would have been 6.5%, then, as the 
Maximum Interest Rate is specified as 6%, then the Rate of Interest will actually be 
6%. As applied to the above example, if 4.85% were replaced by 6%, the Interest 
Amount payable would be GBP 60.00 per Note. 
 
D. 
ADDITIONAL OPTIONAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Variable interest features of the Notes 
Interest Step-up: If "Interest Step-up" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes to which Fixed Rate Note provisions apply, then Notes will bear interest at a 
fixed rate of interest which increases (or "steps-up") periodically during the life of the Notes. The 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes for a Relevant Interest Period shall be the rate specified 
to be applicable in respect of the Relevant Interest Payment Date on which the Relevant Interest 
Period ends, as set forth in the applicable Final Terms. Each successive rate specified to be 
applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions 
apply shall be greater than the immediately preceding rate specified to be applicable in respect of 
a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions apply. 
Interest Step-up worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Fixed Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The term of the Notes is one year (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 1 
January 2025). 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 1 April, 1 July, 1 October and 1 
January in each year. 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
• 
The Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms as follows: 
 
Relevant Interest Payment Date 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
1 April 2024 
5% 
 
 
1 July 2024 
6% 
 
 
1 October 2024 
7% 
 
 
1 January 2025 
8% 
 
 
 
 
 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
Since no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified, the Calculation Agent will calculate the interest 
amount ("Interest Amount") payable in respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on 
each Interest Payment Date as follows: 
(A) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 April 2024 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (5%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (90
/360) (90 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 12.50 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 July 2024 
Rate of Interest (6%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000) × Day Count Fraction (91
/360) (91 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 15.17 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards) 
(C) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 October 2024 
Rate of Interest (7%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000) × Day Count Fraction (92
/360) (92 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 17.89 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards)

--- Page 56 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 46 - 
 
 
(D) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 January 2025 
Rate of Interest (8%) x Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000) x Day Count Fraction (92
/360) (92 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 20.44 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards) 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Fixed Rate Note, 
please see the section "Fixed Rate Notes" above. 
 
Interest Step-down: If "Interest Step-down" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes to which Fixed Rate Note provisions apply, then Notes will bear interest at 
a fixed rate of interest which decreases (or "steps-down") periodically during the life of the Notes. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes for a Relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
specified to be applicable in respect of the Relevant Interest Payment Date on which the Relevant 
Interest Period ends, as set forth in the applicable Final Terms. Each successive rate specified to 
be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions 
apply shall be lesser than the immediately preceding rate specified to be applicable in respect of a 
Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions apply. 
Interest Step-down worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Fixed Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The term of the Notes is one year (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 1 
January 2025). 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 1 April, 1 July, 1 October and 1 
January in each year. 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
• 
The Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms as follows: 
 
Relevant Interest Payment Date 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
1 April 2024 
8% 
 
 
1 July 2024 
7% 
 
 
1 October 2024 
6% 
 
 
1 January 2025 
5% 
 
 
 
 
 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
Since no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified, the Calculation Agent will calculate the interest 
amount ("Interest Amount") payable in respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on 
each Interest Payment Date as follows: 
(A) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 April 2024 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (8%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (90
/360) (90 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 20.00 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 July 2024 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (7%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (91
/360) (91 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 17.69 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards) 
(C) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 October 2024 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (6%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (92
/360) (92 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 15.33 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards) 
(D) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 1 January 2025 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (5%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (92
/360) (92 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period)

--- Page 57 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 47 - 
 
 
= EUR 12.78 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards) 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Fixed Rate Note, 
please see the section "Fixed Rate Notes" above. 
 
Margin Step-up: If "Margin Step-up" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes to which Floating Rate Note provisions apply, then Notes will bear interest at 
a floating rate of interest in respect of which the added Margin increases (or "steps-up") 
periodically during the life of the Notes. The Margin in respect of the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes for a Relevant Interest Period shall be the percentage specified to 
be applicable in respect of the Relevant Interest Payment Date on which the Relevant Interest 
Period ends, as set forth in the applicable Final Terms. Each successive Margin specified to be 
applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Floating Rate Note provisions 
apply shall be greater than the immediately preceding Margin specified to be applicable in respect 
of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Floating Rate Note provisions apply. 
Margin Step-up worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The term of the Notes is two years (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 20 
August 2026). 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
Margin is specified as follows: 
 
Relevant Interest Payment Date 
Margin 
 
 
20 August 2025 
5% 
 
 
20 August 2026 
10% 
 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1.5. 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
(A) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 20 August 2025 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (20 August 2025). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that 3-month EURIBOR (the 
Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) 
on 20 August 2024 is 2% per annum (the Floating Rate). 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest by: 
(i) 
multiplying the Floating Rate with the Leverage (2% x 1.5 = 3%); and 
(ii) 
adding to the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above the 
Margin. As Margin for the Interest Payment Date on 20 August 2025 is 
specified as 5%, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period ending on 20 August 
2025 will be: 
the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above (3%) plus the 
Margin (5%) = 8%.

--- Page 58 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 48 - 
 
 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(365 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
8% × GBP 1,000 
= GBP 80.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
GBP 80.00 × 1 = GBP 80.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 80.00. 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 20 August 2026 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (20 August 2026). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that 3-month EURIBOR (the 
Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 20 
August 2025 is 3% per annum (the Floating Rate). 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest by: 
(i) 
multiplying the Floating Rate with the Leverage (3% x 1.5 = 4.5%); and 
(ii) 
adding to the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above the 
Margin. As Margin for the Interest Payment Date on 20 August 2026 is 
specified as 10%, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period ending on 20 
August 2026 will be: 
the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above (4.5%) plus the 
Margin (10%) = 14.5%. 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(365 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
14.5% × GBP 1,000 
= GBP 145.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
GBP 145.00 × 1 = GBP 145.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 145.00. 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Floating Rate Note, 
please see the section "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
 
Margin Step-down: If "Margin Step-down" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes to which Floating Rate Note provisions apply, then Notes will bear interest 
at a floating rate of interest in respect of which the added Margin decreases (or "steps-down") 
periodically during the life of the Notes. The Margin in respect of the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes for a Relevant Interest Period shall be the percentage specified to 
be applicable in respect of the Relevant Interest Payment Date on which the Relevant Interest 
Period ends, as set forth in the applicable Final Terms. Each successive Margin specified to be 
applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Floating Rate Note provisions

--- Page 59 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 49 - 
 
 
apply shall be less than the immediately preceding Margin specified to be applicable in respect of 
a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Floating Rate Note provisions apply. 
Margin Step-down worked example: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The term of the Notes is two years (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 20 
August 2026). 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
Margin is specified as follows: 
 
Relevant Interest Payment Date 
Margin 
 
 
20 August 2025 
10% 
 
 
20 August 2026 
5% 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1.5. 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is London; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m.; and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
(A) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 20 August 2025 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (20 August 2025). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that 3-month EURIBOR (the 
Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 20 
August 2024 is 2% per annum (the Floating Rate). 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest by: 
(i) 
multiplying the Floating Rate with the Leverage (2% x 1.5 = 3%); and 
(ii) 
adding to the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above the 
Margin. As Margin for the Interest Payment Date on 20 August 2025 is 
specified as 10%, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period ending on 20 
August 2025 will be: 
the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above (3%) plus the 
Margin (10%) = 13%. 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(365 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
13% x GBP 1,000

--- Page 60 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 50 - 
 
 
= GBP 130.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
GBP 130.00 x 1 = GBP 130.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 130.00. 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date falling on 20 August 2026 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (20 August 2026). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that 3-month EURIBOR (the 
Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 20 
August 2025 is 3% per annum (the Floating Rate). 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest by: 
(i) 
multiplying the Floating Rate with the Leverage (3% x 1.5 = 4.5%); and 
(ii) 
adding to the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above the 
Margin. As Margin for the Interest Payment Date on 20 August 2026 is 
specified as 5%, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period ending on 20 August 
2026 will be: 
the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above (4.5%) plus the 
Margin (5%) = 9.5%. 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines the Day Count Fraction applicable to the 
Relevant Interest Period. As the specified Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 
(Fixed), this will be equal to the result of dividing the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Interest Period by 365, as follows: 
(365 (Number of days in the Relevant Interest Period))
/(365 (Day Count Fraction)) 
= 1 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent then applies the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount: 
9.5% 𝑥 𝐺𝐵𝑃 1,000 
= GBP 95.00 
and multiplies the result by the Day Count Fraction: 
𝐺𝐵𝑃 95.00 𝑥 1 = 𝐺𝐵𝑃 95.00 
Accordingly, the Interest Amount payable in respect of a Note (with a denomination 
equal to the Calculation Amount) for this Relevant Interest Period will be GBP 95.00. 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Floating Rate Note, 
please see the section "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
 
Interest Switch: If "Switch Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, at any time the Issuer may exercise its right to change the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for all subsequent interest periods up to but excluding the maturity date (the "Switch 
Option"). The Rate of Interest or method for determining the Rate of Interest applicable both prior 
to and following the exercise of the Switch Option, as well as all other conditions relating to the 
Rate of Interest, will be specified in the Final Terms. 
In case of the exercise of a Switch Option, Noteholders will receive an interest amount calculated 
on the basis of the pre-Switch Option exercise Rate of Interest up to and including the interest 
payment date in respect of the interest period in which the Switch Option is exercised. For each 
remaining interest period following exercise of the Switch Option, the interest amount will be 
calculated on the basis of the post-Switch Option exercise Rate of Interest. Once the Switch Option 
has been exercised it cannot be exercised again. 
If "Automatic Interest Switch" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes will automatically change from a 
pre-determined interest payment date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Automatic 
Switch Date") for all remaining interest periods up to but excluding the maturity date. The Rate of 
Interest or method for determining the Rate of Interest applicable both prior to and following the

--- Page 61 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 51 - 
 
 
Automatic Switch Date, as well as all other conditions relating to the Rate of Interest, will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
On the Automatic Switch Date, Noteholders will receive an interest amount calculated on the basis 
of the pre-Automatic Switch Date Rate of Interest. For each remaining interest period following 
the Automatic Switch Date, the interest amount will be calculated on the basis of the post-
Automatic Switch Date Rate of Interest. An Automatic Switch Date will only occur once during 
the term of the Notes. 
Exercise of the Switch Option or the occurrence of an Automatic Switch Date does not impact 
upon the redemption of the Notes or any interest amount that has previously been paid to 
Noteholders. 
Interest Switch worked example where Switch Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to each Note: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The term of the Notes is one year (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 1 
January 2025). 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 1 January and 1 July in each year. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
Switch Option is applicable and the Switch Option Number of Business Days is 
specified as 5 in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Note provisions apply prior to the exercise of the Switch Option 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
The Rate of Interest is specified as 7% per annum. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
Floating Rate Note provisions apply after the exercise of the Switch Option 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 5% per annum. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0% per annum. 
• 
Margin is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1.5. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
(A) 
In respect of the Interest Payment Date falling on 1 July 2024, the Calculation Agent 
will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in respect of each 
Calculation Amount of the Notes on such Interest Payment Date as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (7%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (181
/360) (181 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 35.19 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Fixed Rate 
Note, please see the section "Fixed Rate Notes" above. 
(B) 
If the Issuer exercises its Switch Option on, or prior to, 1 July 2024 (by giving not less 
than 5 Business Days' notice (i.e. not less than the Switch Option Number of Business 
Days' notice to the Noteholders), the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on 1 July 2024 will continue to be calculated as described in (A) above. In

--- Page 62 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 52 - 
 
 
respect of the subsequent interest periods, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes 
will be calculated in accordance with Floating Rate Note provisions and the Calculation 
Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in respect of 
each Calculation Amount of the Notes on the Interest Payment Date falling on 1 January 
2025 as follows: 
(i) 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable in respect of the Reference Rate, 
the Calculation Agent will determine such rate with reference to the 3-month 
EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which 
appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 
a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 1 July 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant 
Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 2% per 
annum (the Floating Rate). 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest as follows: 
Rate of Interest = 2% × Leverage (1.5) + Margin (0) 
= 3% per annum 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount
= Rate of Interest (3%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (184
/360) (184 being the number of days in the Relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 15.33 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a 
Floating Rate Note, please see the section "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
(C) 
If the Issuer does not exercises its Switch Option on, or prior to, 1 January 2025, the 
Rate of Interest will continue to be calculated on the basis of Fixed Rate Note provisions 
and the Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") 
payable in respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on such Interest Payment 
Date as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (7%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (184
/360) (184 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 35.78 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Fixed Rate 
Note, please see the section "Fixed Rate Notes" above. 
 
Interest Switch worked example where Automatic Interest Switch is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to each Note: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The term of the Notes is one year (and thus the Notes specify a "Maturity Date" of 1 
January 2025). 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 1 January and 1 July in each year. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
Automatic Interest Switch is applicable and the Automatic Switch Date is specified as 
1 July 2024. 
Fixed Rate Note provisions apply prior to the Automatic Switch Date 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
The Rate of Interest is specified as 7% per annum. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
Floating Rate Note provisions apply after the Automatic Switch Date 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 63 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 53 - 
 
 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is 5% per annum. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0% per annum. 
• 
Margin is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1.5. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
(A) 
Prior to the Automatic Switch Date, on the Interest Payment Date falling on 1 July 
2024, the Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") 
payable in respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on such Interest Payment 
Date as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (7%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (181
/360) (181 being the number of days in the relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 35.19 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Fixed Rate 
Note, please see the section "Fixed Rate Notes" above. 
(B) 
After the Automatic Switch Date (being 1 July 2024), the Rate of Interest in respect of 
the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Floating Rate Note provisions and the 
Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in 
respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on the Interest Payment Date 
occurring on 1 January 2025 as follows: 
(i) 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable in respect of the Reference Rate, 
the Calculation Agent will determining such rate with reference to the 3-month 
EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which 
appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 
a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) on 1 July 2024 (being the first day of the 
Relevant Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 2% per 
annum (the Floating Rate). 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest as follows: 
Rate of Interest = 2% × Leverage (1.5) + Margin (0) 
= 3% per annum 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount
= Rate of Interest (3%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (184
/360) (184 being the number of days in the Relevant Interest Period) 
= EUR 15.33 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a 
Floating Rate Note, please see the section "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
 
Range Accrual: If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes to which Fixed Rate Note provisions, Floating Rate Note provisions, Reverse Floating 
Rate Note provisions, Digital Interest Rate Note provisions or Steepener Note provisions apply, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of a Relevant Interest Period to which such interest 
provisions apply will be multiplied by the applicable Range Accrual Factor. 
The "Range Accrual Factor" will be a fraction equal to (i) the number of observation dates in the 
Relevant Interest Period that the Range Accrual Floating Rate (as specified in the Final Terms) is 
determined to be equal to or greater than the Corresponding Lower Barrier (as specified in the 
Final Terms) and/or, as specified in the Final Terms equal to or less than the Corresponding Upper 
Barrier (as specified in the Final Terms), divided by (ii) the total number of observation dates in 
respect of such Relevant Interest Period. 
The Range Accrual Floating Rate shall be a screen rate (such as EURIBOR) or an overnight rate 
(such as SONIA or SOFR) which will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 54 - 
 
 
Worked examples of the application of the Range Accrual Factor to Fixed Rate Notes 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Fixed Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 15 June 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are specified as being 15 January and 15 June in each year. 
• 
The Rate of Interest is specified as 2% per annum. 
• 
The Fixed Coupon Amount is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
• 
In respect of Range Accrual Floating Rate: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
The Observation Dates will be each calendar day in each interest period, 
provided that, for each calendar day from the observation period cut-off date 
(being the 5th Business Day (or such other number of Business Days specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the end of the interest period) the 
Range Accrual Floating Rate will be deemed to be the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate on the Business Day prior to the observation period cut-off date; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Corresponding Lower Barrier is 0%.  
• 
The Corresponding Upper Barrier is 5%. 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date? 
Since no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified, the Calculation Agent will calculate the interest 
amount ("Interest Amount") payable in respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on 
each Interest Payment Date as follows: 
(A) 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Range Accrual Factor that applies to the 
Relevant Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date (say, 15 January 2025). 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Range Accrual Floating Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining the number of days in the Relevant Interest 
Period on which the rate specified as 3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR 
(the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) was: 
(i) 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier; and 
(ii) 
less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier. 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such number of days as 160 
calendar days. 
Accordingly, the Range Accrual Factor will be 160 divided by 214 (being the total 
number of days in the Relevant Interest Period) 
= 0.7476635 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (2%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (214/360) x Range Accrual Factor (0.7476635) 
= EUR 8.89 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Fixed Rate 
Note, please see the section "Fixed Rate Notes" above. 
(2) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date if 
'Add On Interest' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms? 
If for the purposes of the above example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the 
following in relation to Add On Interest Rate: 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is Applicable with respect to the Add On Interest Rate and 
the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01;

--- Page 65 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 55 - 
 
 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
Add On Leverage is 2. 
• 
Add On Spread is 2%. 
• 
Add On Minimum Rate is 2%. 
• 
Add On Maximum Rate is 10%. 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Add On Interest Rate with reference to the 
3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which 
appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. 
(Brussels) (the Relevant Time) on 15 June 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant 
Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)) and multiply this rate with the 
Add On Leverage.  
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines the screen rate is 3% per annum. 
The Calculation Agent shall multiply such screen rate with the Add On Leverage (2) 
and add to such product the Add On Spread (2%) to determine the Add On Interest Rate 
as 8% per annum. 
As the Add On Interest Rate determined by the Calculation Agent in the above 
paragraph is less than the Add On Maximum Rate specified and is more than the Add 
On Minimum Rate specified, the Add On Interest Rate shall be 8% per annum. 
If the Add On Interest Rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the above paragraph had been less than the Add On Minimum Rate specified or more 
than the Add On Maximum Rate specified, then the Add On Interest Rate would have 
been the Add On Minimum Rate or, as the case may be, the Add On Maximum Rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Add On Interest as follows: 
Add On Interest = Add On Interest Rate (8%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (214/360) 
= EUR 47.56 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
(C) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount
= Interest Amount calculated pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) above (EUR 8.89)
+ Add On Interest (EUR 47.56) 
= EUR 56.45. 
 
Worked examples of the application of the Range Accrual Factor to Floating Rate Notes 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0%. 
• 
Margin is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1. 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 6-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed).

--- Page 66 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 56 - 
 
 
• 
In respect of Range Accrual Floating Rate: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
The Observation Dates will be each calendar day in each interest period, 
provided that, for each calendar day from the observation period cut-off date 
(being the 5th Business Day (or such other number of Business Days specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the end of the interest period) the 
Range Accrual Floating Rate will be deemed to be the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate on the Business Day prior to the observation period cut-off date; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is London; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m.; and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Corresponding Lower Barrier is 0%. 
• 
The Corresponding Upper Barrier is 5%. 
(1) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment 
Date? 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in 
respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date (say 20 August 
2025) as follows: 
(A) 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Range Accrual Factor that applies to the 
Relevant Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Range Accrual Floating Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining the number of days in the Relevant Interest 
Period on which the rate specified as 3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR 
(the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) was: 
(i) 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier; and 
(ii) 
less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier. 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such number of days as 160 
calendar days. 
Accordingly, the Range Accrual Factor will be 160 divided by 365 (being the total 
number of days in the Relevant Interest Period 
= 0.4383561 
(B) 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Notes, the Calculation Agent does 
this by determining what rate is specified as 6-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) 
for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the 
Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (the Relevant Time) on 20 August 2024 (being the 
first day of the Relevant Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 5% per annum 
(the Floating Rate). 
Therefore, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
Rate of Interest = 5% × Leverage (1) + Margin (0) 
= 5% per annum. 
(C) 
Finally, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (5%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (365/365) x Range Accrual Factor (0.4383561) 
= EUR 21.92 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Floating 
Rate Note, please see the section "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
(2) 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on each Interest Payment Date if 
'Add On Interest' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms? 
If for the purposes of the above example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following 
in relation to Add On Interest Rate: 
• 
Add On Interest Rate is a fixed rate of 4% per annum. 
• 
Add On Leverage is Not Applicable. 
• 
Add On Margin is zero.

--- Page 67 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 57 - 
 
 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Add On Interest as follows: 
Add On Interest
= Add On Interest Rate (4%) x Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000) x Day Count Fraction (365/365) 
= EUR 40. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount
= Interest Amount calculated pursuant to paragraph (1)(C) above (EUR 21.92) 
+  Add On Interest (EUR 40) 
= EUR 61.92. 
 
Worked examples of the application of the Range Accrual Factor to Notes where Reverse 
Floating Rate Note provisions apply 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Reverse Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0% per annum. 
• 
Reverse Fixed Interest Rate is specified as 10%. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1. 
• 
Screen Rate Determination is applicable and the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 6-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
• 
In respect of Range Accrual Floating Rate: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Observation Dates will be each calendar day in each interest period, 
provided that, for each calendar day from the observation period cut-off date 
(being the 5th Business Day (or such other number of Business Days specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the end of the interest period) the 
Range Accrual Floating Rate will be deemed to be the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate on the Business Day prior to the observation period cut-off date; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is London; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m.; and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Corresponding Lower Barrier is 0%.  
• 
The Corresponding Upper Barrier is 5%. 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment Date? 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in 
respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date (say, 20 August 
2025 as follows: 
(A) 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Range Accrual Factor that applies to the 
Relevant Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Range Accrual Floating Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining the number of days in the Relevant Interest 
Period on which the rate specified as 3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR 
(the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) was:

--- Page 68 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 58 - 
 
 
(i) 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier; and 
(ii) 
less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier. 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such number of days as 160 
calendar days. 
Accordingly, the Range Accrual Factor will be 160 divided by 365 (being the total 
number of days in the Relevant Interest Period 
= 0.4383561 
(B) 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Notes, the Calculation Agent does 
this by determining what rate is specified as 6-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) 
for GBP (the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the 
Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) on 20 August 2024 
(being the first day of the Relevant Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination 
Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 5% per annum 
the Floating Rate). 
Therefore, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
Rate of Interest =  Reverse Fixed Interest Rate (10%) – [5% x Leverage (1)] 
= 5% per annum. 
(C) 
Finally, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (5%) × Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (365/365) x Range Accrual Factor (0.4383561) 
= EUR 21.92 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Reverse Floating 
Rate Note, please see the section "Reverse Floating Rate Notes" above. 
 
Worked examples of the application of the Range Accrual Factor to Digital Interest Rate 
Notes 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Digital Interest Rate Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is GBP. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is GBP 1,000. 
• 
Digital Rate 1 is a fixed rate equal to 8% per annum. 
• 
Digital Rate 2 is a fixed rate equal to 6% per annum. 
• 
In respect of the Digital Reference Rate, Screen Rate Determination is Applicable and 
the following information is specified: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 6-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Digital Strike is specified as 3%. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 1 January 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 1 April, 1 July, 1 October and 1 January in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/360. 
• 
In respect of Range Accrual Floating Rate: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
the Observation Dates will be each calendar day in each interest period, 
provided that, for each calendar day from the observation period cut-off date 
(being the 5th Business Day (or such other number of Business Days specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the end of the interest period) the 
Range Accrual Floating Rate will be deemed to be the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate on the Business Day prior to the observation period cut-off date;

--- Page 69 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 59 - 
 
 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is London; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. Brussels time; and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Corresponding Lower Barrier is 0%.  
• 
The Corresponding Upper Barrier is 5%. 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment Date? 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in 
respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date (say, 1 April 
2024) as follows: 
(A) 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Range Accrual Factor that applies to the 
Relevant Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Range Accrual Floating Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining the number of days in the Relevant Interest 
Period on which the rate specified as 3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR 
(the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) was: 
(i) 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier; and 
(ii) 
less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier. 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such number of days as 60 
calendar days. 
Accordingly, the Range Accrual Factor will be: 60 divided by 90 (being the total 
number of days in the Relevant Interest Period 
= 0.6666666 
(B) 
Second, the Calculation Agent calculates the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant 
Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date as follows: 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Digital Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining what rate is specified as 6-month 
EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR (the Relevant Currency) which appears on 
Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the 
Relevant Time) on 1 January 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant Interest Period 
(i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 5% per annum. 
Therefore, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for the Relevant Interest Period 
shall be 6% per annum (which is equal to Digital Rate 2) as the Digital Reference Rate 
is greater than the Digital Strike. (Conversely, had the Digital Reference Rate been less 
than the Digital Strike, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for the Relevant 
Interest Period would have been Digital Rate 1.) 
(C) 
Finally, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (6%, being Digital Rate 2)
× Calculation Amount (GBP 1,000) × Day Count Fraction (90/360)
× Range Accrual Factor (0.6666666) 
= GBP 10 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Digital Interest 
Rate Note, please see the section "Digital Interest Rate Notes" above. 
 
Worked examples of the application of the Range Accrual Factor to Steepener Notes 
The hypothetical scenario: 
For the purposes of this example, it is assumed that the Final Terms specify the following in 
relation to Steepener Notes: 
• 
The Notes are issued on 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Settlement Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Calculation Amount is EUR 1,000. 
• 
In respect of Spread Linked Rate 1, CMS Rate Determination is applicable and the 
following information is specified: 
• 
the CMS Reference Rate is EUR CMS30 (being the 30-year ICE Swap Rate in 
the Relevant Currency (EUR)); 
• 
the Designated Maturity is 30 years;

--- Page 70 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 60 - 
 
 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is ICESWAP2; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
In respect of Spread Linked Rate 2, CMS Rate Determination is applicable and the 
following information is specified: 
• 
the CMS Reference Rate is EUR CMS2 (being the 2-year ICE Swap Rate in 
the Relevant Currency (EUR)); 
• 
the Designated Maturity is 2 years; 
• 
the Interest Determination Date is on the first day of the Relevant Interest 
Period; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is ICESWAP2; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Maximum Interest Rate is Not Applicable. 
• 
The Minimum Interest Rate is 0% per annum. 
• 
Spread is specified as Not Applicable. 
• 
Leverage is specified as 1. 
• 
The Interest Commencement Date is 20 August 2024. 
• 
The Interest Payment Dates are 20 August in each year. 
• 
The Day Count Fraction is Actual/365 (Fixed). 
• 
In respect of Range Accrual Floating Rate: 
• 
the Reference Rate is 3-month EURIBOR; 
• 
The Observation Dates will be each calendar day in each interest period, 
provided that, for each calendar day from the observation period cut-off date 
(being the 5th Business Day (or such other number of Business Days specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the end of the interest period) the 
Range Accrual Floating Rate will be deemed to be the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate on the Business Day prior to the observation period cut-off date; 
• 
the Relevant Screen Page is Reuters Page EURIBOR01; 
• 
the Relevant Financial Centre is TARGET; 
• 
the Relevant Time is 11 a.m. (Brussels); and 
• 
the Relevant Currency is EUR. 
• 
The Corresponding Lower Barrier is 0%.  
• 
The Corresponding Upper Barrier is 5%. 
What is the interest amount payable on each Note on a particular Interest Payment Date? 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the interest amount ("Interest Amount") payable in 
respect of each Calculation Amount of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date (say, 20 August 
2025) as follows: 
(A) 
First, the Calculation Agent calculates the Range Accrual Factor that applies to the 
Relevant Interest Period ending on such Interest Payment Date. 
As Screen Rate Determination is applicable to the Range Accrual Floating Rate, the 
Calculation Agent does this by determining the number of days in the Relevant Interest 
Period on which the rate specified as 3-month EURIBOR (the Reference Rate) for EUR 
(the Relevant Currency) which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) (the Relevant Time) was: 
(i) 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier; and 
(ii) 
less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier. 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines such number of days as 160 
calendar days. 
Accordingly, the Range Accrual Factor will be: 160 divided by 365 (being the total 
number of days in the Relevant Interest Period 
= 0.4383561

--- Page 71 ---
Description of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 61 - 
 
 
(B) 
Second, in order to calculate the Rate of Interest that applies to the Relevant Interest 
Period ending on such Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent determines Spread Linked Rate 1 by determining what 
rate is specified as EUR CMS30 (the Spread Linked Rate 1) for EUR (the 
Relevant Currency) with a Designated Maturity of 30 years, which appears on 
Reuters Page ICESWAP2 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) 
(the Relevant Time) on 20 August 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant 
Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 5.50% 
per annum. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent determines Spread Linked Rate 2 by determining what 
rate is specified as EUR CMS2 (the Spread Linked Rate 2) for EUR (the 
Relevant Currency) with a Designated Maturity of 2 years, which appears on 
Reuters Page ICESWAP2 (the Relevant Screen Page) as of 11 a.m. (Brussels) 
(the Relevant Time) on 20 August 2024 (being the first day of the Relevant 
Interest Period (i.e. the Interest Determination Date)). 
Let us assume that the Calculation Agent determines that such rate is 2.24% 
per annum. 
(iii) 
Therefore, the Rate of Interest will be calculated as follows: 
Rate of Interest 
= [Spread Linked Rate 1 (5.50%) – Spread Linked Rate 2 (2.24%)]
× Leverage (1) +  Spread (0) 
= 3.26% per annum. 
(C) 
Finally, the Calculation Agent calculates the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Relevant Interest Period as follows: 
Interest Amount = Rate of Interest (3.26%) x Calculation Amount (EUR 1,000)
× Day Count Fraction (365/365) × Range Accrual Factor (0.4383561) 
= EUR 14.29 (rounded to two decimal places, with 0.005 rounded upwards). 
For a worked example of how a Rate of Interest is determined in respect of a Steepener Note, 
please see the section "Steepener Notes" above. 
 
Please note: The worked examples provided in this Section II.1 – Description of the Notes are 
produced for illustrative purposes only. The analysis is based on simplifying assumptions and 
hypothetical figures, and does not reflect a complete analysis of all possible gain and loss scenarios 
that may arise under any actual investment in the Notes. No representation or warranty is made by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates that any scenario shown above can be duplicated under any actual 
investment in the Notes. Actual results may vary from the results shown above, and variations may 
be material. The mark-to-market value of the Notes can fluctuate either upward or downward due 
to changes in prevailing market conditions. Accordingly, if an investment in the Notes is unwound, 
repurchased or otherwise redeemed whether at or prior to its stated maturity, investors in such 
Notes may receive less than the purchase price of the Notes and therefore sustain a loss which in a 
worst case scenario may be equal to their invested amount.

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 62 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") which apply to all Notes and 
which are completed by the relevant Final Terms for each issue of Notes. The Conditions will be endorsed 
on each Note in definitive form. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ 
from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent 
described under "Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
The Notes are issued by HSBC Bank plc (the "Issuer") pursuant to a programme for the issuance of notes 
and warrants (the "Programme") established by the Issuer, are constituted by, and have the benefit of, a 
deed of covenant dated on or around 27 May 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant"). The Notes also have the 
benefit of a master note issuance agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated 
on or around 27 May 2021 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Master Note 
Issuance Agreement") and made between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC 
Continental Europe (formerly known as HSBC France) as dealers (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers", which expression shall include any additional or successor Dealer) and The Hongkong and 
Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (which entity shall not be a dealer for the purposes of the Notes), 
and an issuing and paying agency agreement dated 24 February 1999 as most recently amended and restated 
on or around 27 May 2021 (as further modified and/or amended from time to time, the "Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement") and made, between, among others, the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc and HSBC 
Continental Europe as calculation agents (HSBC Bank plc or, as the case may be, HSBC Continental 
Europe being the "Calculation Agent" with respect to the Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
which expression includes any successor or other Calculation Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as transfer agent 
(HSBC Bank plc being the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor 
or other Transfer Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), HSBC Bank plc as the principal paying agent (HSBC Bank plc being the 
"Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Principal 
Paying Agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and, together with any additional paying agent appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement or the Computershare Agency Agreement (as defined below), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the "Paying Agents"), HSBC Bank plc as issue agent (HSBC Bank plc being the 
"Issue Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor or other Issue Agent appointed 
pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), HSBC 
Bank plc as registrar (HSBC Bank plc being the "Registrar", which expression shall include any additional 
or successor or other Registrar appointed pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the other parties specified therein. 
In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with Computershare Investor Services PLC dated 
23 April 2010 (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Computershare Agency Agreement") appointing the latter as registrar and paying agent (the "CREST 
Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar and paying agent) with respect to 
Uncertificated Registered Notes (as defined below). 
All Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each, a "Tranche") of Notes issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms 
(the "Final Terms"), a copy of which will be attached to or endorsed on or incorporated by reference in 
each Note of such Tranche. Other than the issue date, the issue price and the date for the first payment of 
interest, the Notes of each Series will have identical terms and conditions. The Notes of each Tranche will 
have identical terms and conditions. 
Copies of the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Computershare Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Holders (as defined 
below) of Notes, and copies of the relevant Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and any supplemental 
prospectus may be obtained in each case during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Issuer and of the Paying Agent in London or, in the case of Uncertificated Registered Notes, the CREST 
Registrar. The Holders (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Form, Denomination and Title – Bearer Notes)) for 
the time being of Notes (the "Noteholders", which expression shall, in the case of Bearer Notes, include 
reference to the Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto) and of any coupons (the "Coupons") or talons 
(the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement, the

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 63 - 
 
 
Deed of Covenant, the Master Note Issuance Agreement and the relevant Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Note Issuance Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Computershare Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any of the Master Note Issuance 
Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Computershare Agency Agreement and the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Accrual Yield" means, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the percentage rate per annum specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Series of Notes and a Relevant 
Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in 
order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective 
obligations in respect of the Notes, all as determined by the Issuer; 
"Affected Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the Relevant 
Benchmark affected by a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount Zero Coupon Note Reference Price" means, in relation to any 
Notes for which "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the product of (a) the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price and (b) 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Aggregate Outstanding 
Nominal Amount; 
"Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, in respect of Notes which are represented by 
a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note(s) or, as 
the case may be, such Uncertificated Registered Notes; 
"Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Alternative Payment 
Currency as published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Alternative Payment Currency" means the currency, which may be Offshore RMB, specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" means the relevant amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent converted into the relevant Alternative Payment 
Currency using the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate" means: 
(i) 
the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency and Alternative Payment Currency 
(expressed as the number of units of Alternative Payment Currency per one unit of 
Settlement Currency or as the number of units of Settlement Currency per one unit of 
Alternative Payment Currency (as applicable)) as published on the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time on the 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the rate of exchange determined in accordance with, or derived from the Alternative

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 64 - 
 
 
Payment Cross Currency Rate and the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if Prevailing Spot Rate is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange 
between the Settlement Currency and the Alternate Payment Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the spot rate prevailing in the international exchange 
market at the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time on the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Date; or 
(iv) 
such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded up. If on an Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date the Relevant Rate is not available 
for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above, as applicable, of Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) 
or, if Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in its 
discretion; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date" means the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
Maturity Date or other date on which the relevant payment falls due (as appropriate). If such date 
falls on a day that is a Saturday or Sunday or on which commercial banks are not open for general 
business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdiction or place specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, or if no such jurisdiction or place is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, the Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction and, if Cross 
Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency 
Jurisdiction (a "closed day") then the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date shall be the 
immediately following calendar day that is not a closed day; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page" means the Reuters or other screen page specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in 
the international exchange market; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time" means the time and place specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in the case 
of a successor page to the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page specified in the Final Terms; 
"Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Alternative Payment Settlement Days" means the number of local banking days specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant Final Terms does not specify any Alternative 
Payment Settlement Days then the Alternative Payment Settlement Days shall be deemed to be 3 
local banking days; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the relevant Final Terms as an "Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index" and which is not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event; 
"BA" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the average rate for 
bankers acceptances denominated in such Relevant Currency and having a tenor equal to such 
specified period; 
"BBR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the rate for bills of 
exchange denominated in such Relevant Currency and having a tenor equal to such specified 
period;

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 65 - 
 
 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that references a Relevant Benchmark that is a Reference 
Rate or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar 
rate, an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Series of Notes, an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
"Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and 
a Relevant Benchmark, the date on which a Benchmark Trigger Event occurred or will be deemed 
to have occurred in relation to such Relevant Benchmark, as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion; 
"BUBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Budapest interbank offered rate; 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Note in respect of which amounts are payable in euro, a Euro Business 
Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Business Centre and on which the relevant Clearing System is 
open for business; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any other Note, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments generally in each Business Centre and on which the relevant 
Clearing System is open for business; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms (which shall be one of the following expressions) and, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 66 - 
 
 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount in the Denomination Currency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
"Clearing System" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and/or CREST in which Notes of the relevant Series are for the time being held, or, in relation to 
an individual Note, in which that Note is for the time being held, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event" means the relevant Clearing System(s) ceases to 
accept payments in the Settlement Currency; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Conversion Rate" means: 
(i) 
the conversion rate of exchange specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if such rate is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of exchange between the 
Denomination Currency and the Settlement Currency (expressed as the number of units 
of Settlement Currency per one unit of Denomination Currency or as the number of units 
of the Denomination Currency per one unit of Settlement Currency (as applicable)) as 
published on the Conversion Rate Fixing Page at the Conversion Rate Fixing Time on the 
Conversion Rate Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the conversion rate of exchange determined in accordance with, or derived from the 
Denomination Currency Conversion Rate and the Settlement Currency Conversion Rate, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
if Prevailing Spot Rate is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange 
between the Denomination Currency and the Settlement Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the spot rate prevailing in the international exchange 
market at the Conversion Rate Fixing Time on the Conversion Rate Fixing Date. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded up. If on a Conversion Rate Fixing Date the Relevant Rate is not available for any reason 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Conversion 
Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above, as applicable, of Condition 7(f) (Payments 
– Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) or, if Price Source Disruption is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in its discretion; 
"Conversion Rate Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdiction 
or place specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such jurisdiction or place is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, Denomination Currency 
Jurisdiction and, if Cross Currency Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Cross Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Conversion Rate Fixing Date" means each of the dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or if such date is not a Conversion Rate Business Day the immediately following day that 
is a Conversion Rate Business Day or, if such date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
fifth Conversion Rate Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or 
other date on which the relevant payment falls due (as applicable) (and for these purposes a day

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 67 - 
 
 
shall be deemed to be a Conversation Rate Business Day if the market was not aware of it not being 
a Conversion Rate Business Day (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other 
publicly available information) on the Conversion Rate Fixing Date notwithstanding it 
subsequently ceases to be a Conversion Rate Business Day for any reason or the market 
subsequently becomes aware that it was not a Conversion Rate Business Day); 
"Conversion Rate Fixing Page" means the Reuters or other screen page specified as such in the 
Final Terms or any successor page thereof or if such page is not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Conversion Rate by reference to the spot 
rate prevailing in the international exchange market; 
"Conversion Rate Fixing Time" means the time and place specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in the case of a successor 
page to the Conversion Rate Fixing Page specified in the Final Terms; 
"CMS Reference Rate" means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4G(d) 
(Determination of a Floating Rate – CMS Rate Determination); 
"CREST" means Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited); 
"Cross Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if such 
currency is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Cross Currency shall mean USD; 
"Cross Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is specified means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any one year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365F" is specified, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365, or in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366;

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 68 - 
 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction
= [360 × (Y_2 −Y_1) + [30 × (M_2 −M_1)] + (D_2 −D_1)]/360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction
= [360 × (Y_2 −Y_1) + [30 × (M_2 −M_1)] + (D_2 −D_1)]/360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 69 - 
 
 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction
= [360 × (Y_2 −Y_1) + [30 × (M_2 −M_1)] + (D_2 −D_1)]/360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Deferral Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price Source 
Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Denomination Currency" means the currency of denomination of the Notes as specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Denomination Currency Conversion Rate" means, for any Conversion Rate Fixing Date, the 
currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Denomination Currency as published 
on the Conversion Rate Fixing Page at or around the Conversion Rate Fixing Time and as observed 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Denomination Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction as specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Designated Maturity" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the period of time specified in 
respect of such Reference Rate in the Final Terms; 
"Digital Interest Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect of 
which the relevant provisions of Condition 4D (Interest – Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions) 
are applicable as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in relation to each Note or Calculation Amount (as 
applicable), an amount equal to the percentage per Calculation Amount or its Fair Market Value, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms and calculated in accordance with, and subject 
to, Condition 5(l) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) and Condition 5(g) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); provided, however, that 
in respect of any Notes that are Italian Notes, the Early Redemption Amount shall be at least equal 
to 100% of the Calculation Amount; 
"EIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Emirates interbank offered rate; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate;

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 70 - 
 
 
"Euro", "euro", "EUR", "€" each mean the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Euro Business Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which TARGET2 is open for 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in the manner specified in Condition 11 
(Replacement, Exchange and Transfer); 
"Fair Market Value" means, in relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, its fair market 
value immediately prior to the early redemption date, as determined by the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and 
in respect only of Notes that are not Italian Notes, less any reasonable costs and expenses of the 
Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and/or 
funding arrangements, and any such calculation of the fair market value shall have the effect of 
preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make 
payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after 
the relevant early redemption date. For the purposes of calculating the Fair Market Value following 
an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default) only, in determining the fair market 
value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, who shall be 
deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes. In addition, if Fair Market 
Value Floor is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Fair Market Value 
shall in no event be less than the amount equal to the percentage per Calculation Amount specified 
as the 'Fair Market Value Floor Percentage' in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fallback Bond" means, in relation to an Inflation Index applicable to an Inflation Linked Note, 
a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government or one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of the country (or countries) to whose level of inflation the 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon and/or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on the same day as the Maturity 
Date of the Inflation Linked Notes, or such other date as the Calculation Agent shall select if there 
is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date of the Inflation Linked Notes. If any bond so 
selected is redeemed, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, 
but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond is redeemed 
(including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and 
Purchase – At Maturity); 
"Fixed Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a fixed rate and in respect of which 
Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Floating Rate" means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4G (Interest – 
Determination of a Floating Rate); 
"Floating Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect of which 
the relevant provisions of Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4C 
(Interest – Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4D (Interest – Digital Interest Rate 
Note Provisions), Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note Provisions) or Condition 4F (Interest – 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions), are applicable as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Floating Rate Option" means, in relation to a Note to which ISDA Determination applies, a rate 
or price source specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent of (i) (a) 
an Inconvertibility, (b) Non-transferability, (c) Illiquidity or (d) any other event affecting the 
Denomination Currency, Cross Currency, or Settlement Currency (as applicable) (the "FX 
Disruption Relevant Currency") which would make it unlawful or impractical in whole or in part 
(including without limitation, as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law,

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 71 - 
 
 
rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or request of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial power) for the Issuer (or the Issuer's affiliate) 
to pay or receive amounts in the FX Disruption Relevant Currency under or in respect of any 
hedging arrangement relating to or connected with the FX Disruption Relevant Currency; or (ii) if 
Offshore RMB is specified as the applicable FX Disruption Relevant Currency, each of the events 
specified in (i) above, plus an Offshore RMB Disruption; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction; 
"HIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Hong Kong interbank offered rate; 
"Illiquidity" means where the foreign exchange market in the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
becomes illiquid after the Trade Date and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Settlement Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Notes as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation (if practicable) with two Reference Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the foreign exchange market in 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark which is a Reference Rate 
or a Floating Rate Option, or any other interest rate, yield, cost of funds or similar rate, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Issuer, of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Relevant Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Relevant Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Relevant Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Relevant Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Relevant Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to produce the Relevant 
Benchmark; 
(iii) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is the Sterling London interbank offered rate, the Swiss Franc 
London interbank offered rate, the U.S. Dollar London interbank offered rate, the Euro 
London interbank offered rate, the Japanese Yen London interbank offered rate, the 
Singapore Dollar swap offer rate or the Thai Baht interest rate fixing (each, a "Specified 
Rate"), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of such Relevant Benchmark announcing (i) that such Relevant 
Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, capable of being 
representative, or is non-representative, of the underlying market and economic reality 
that such Relevant Benchmark is intended to measure as required by applicable law or 
regulation and as determined by the regulatory supervisor in accordance with applicable 
law or regulation and (ii) that the intention of that statement or publication is to engage

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 72 - 
 
 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such 
supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Benchmark is not a Specified Rate, the making of a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the Relevant Benchmark or 
the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark that, in the view of such supervisor or 
administrator, the Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark 
as a consequence of which the Relevant Benchmark will, on or before a specified date (i) 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Notes or (ii) be recommended for 
informational purposes only rather than for use as a benchmark reference rate for 
securities such as the Notes; 
"Inflation Index" means the inflation index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the sponsor specified as such 
in the Final Terms (being the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of such Inflation Index) and any successor sponsor of such Inflation Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Inflation Linked Note" means a Floating Rate Note in respect of which the provisions of 
Condition 4F (Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions) are applicable as specified in 
the Final Terms or a Note in respect of which the Final Redemption Type is specified as 'Inflation 
Linked Redemption' in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of a Note (representing a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) for that Interest 
Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the day specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided that such day shall be a day (i) if such currency is euro, which is a Euro Business Day, 
and (ii) if such currency is any other currency, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre or centres of the country of such currency (or where such 
currency is a National Currency Unit) and the Notes have been redenominated into euro pursuant 
to Condition 8 (Redenomination), the former principal financial centre or centres); 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted (if so required) in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to any Series of Notes:

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 73 - 
 
 
(i) 
unless "2021 ISDA Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the such Series), as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) ("ISDA") (copies of which 
may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or 
(ii) 
 if "2021 ISDA Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Notes" means Notes for which it is specified in the Final Terms that an application is 
expected to be made for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Italian Stock Exchange; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
"JIBAR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Johannesburg interbank agreed rate; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate; 
"Linear Interpolation" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the straight-line interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the Reference Rate, one of which will be determined as if the 
Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of such Interest Period, and the other of which will be determined as if the Specified Duration were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of such Interest Period; 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the city in which the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, or the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent, to which the relevant Note or Coupon is presented for payment is located; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – 
At Maturity); 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount (Call Option)" means, in relation to each Note, the percentage 
of its Calculation Amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount (Put Option)" means, in relation to each Note, the percentage 
of its Calculation Amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable period 
of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount (Call Option)" means, in relation to each Note, the percentage 
of its Calculation Amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount (Put Option)" means, in relation to each Note, the percentage 
of its Calculation Amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MOSPRIME" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Moscow prime offered rate;

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 74 - 
 
 
"National Currency Unit" means the national currency unit of any Participating Member State 
that becomes a denomination of the euro by reason of Council Regulation (EC) No. 1103/97, 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 or any other applicable laws; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to transfer Settlement Currency between accounts inside the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to an account 
outside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or from an account outside the Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction to an account inside the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"Note Interest Provisions" means Fixed Rate Note provisions, Floating Rate Note provisions, 
Reverse Floating Rate Note provisions, Digital Interest Rate Note provisions, Steepener Note 
provisions, Inflation Linked Note provisions or Zero Coupon Note provisions, applicable in 
relation to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Offshore RMB" means RMB that is freely deliverable between accounts in the Offshore RMB 
Centre in accordance with the law and applicable regulation and guidelines issued by relevant 
authorities in the Offshore RMB Centre prevailing as of the Trade Date of the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Centre" means either Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan or any other jurisdiction 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Offshore RMB Disruption" means the occurrence of, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
an Offshore RMB Inconvertibility, Offshore RMB Non-transferability or Offshore RMB 
Illiquidity; 
"Offshore RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that makes 
it impossible (where it has previously been possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an 
offer price in respect of any amount in Offshore RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay an 
amount under the Notes (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"), in each case on the due date for 
payment, Valuation Date or Conversion Rate Fixing Date (as the case may be), either in one 
transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no 
less than such Relevant Disrupted Amount, in the general Offshore RMB exchange market in each 
Offshore RMB Centre in order to perform its obligations under the Notes; 
"Offshore RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event after the Trade Date that 
makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of 
Offshore RMB no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount into or from USD (or, if the Settlement 
Currency specified in the Final Terms is other than USD, then such Settlement Currency) in the 
general Offshore RMB exchange market in each Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Offshore RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence in each Offshore RMB Centre of 
any event after the Trade Date that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for 
the Issuer to transfer Offshore RMB (i) between accounts inside an Offshore RMB Centre, (ii) 
from an account inside an Offshore RMB Centre to an account outside such Offshore RMB Centre 
and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore RMB Centre and outside the 
PRC to an account inside such Offshore RMB Centre, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 75 - 
 
 
law, rule or regulation). For the purpose of Offshore RMB Non-Transferability and Hong Kong as 
an Offshore RMB Centre only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the 
People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to 
be an account inside Hong Kong; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call Option)" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms on which the Notes are being redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)); 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put Option)" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms on which the Notes are being redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder (Put Option)); 
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has adopted 
or adopts the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"PRC" means solely for the purpose stated herein, the People's Republic of China excluding the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong") and 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("Macau") and 
Taiwan; 
"PRIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Prague interbank offered rate; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, such Relevant Rate is not 
available for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Calculation and Rounding); 
"Redemption Amount (Call Option)" means, in relation to each Note, the percentage of its 
Calculation Amount or its Fair Market Value, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and calculated in accordance with, and subject to, Condition 5(l) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Calculation and Rounding); 
"Redemption Amount (Put Option)" means, in relation to each Note, the percentage of its 
Calculation Amount or its Fair Market Value, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and calculated in accordance with, and subject to, Condition 5(l) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Calculation and Rounding); 
"Redenomination Date" means a date (being, in the case of interest-bearing Notes, a date on which 
interest in respect of such Notes is payable) which: 
(i) 
is specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8(a) 
(Redenomination – General); and 
(ii) 
falls on or after such date as the country of the Settlement Currency becomes a 
Participating Member State; 
"Reference Bank(s)" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Dealers" means leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, BA, BBR, BUBOR, CIBOR, 
EIBOR, EURIBOR, HIBOR, JIBAR, LIBOR, MOSPRIME, NIBOR, PRIBOR, SAIBOR, SIBOR, 
SOR, STIBOR, TELBOR, TIBOR, TIIE, TRLIBOR or WIBOR. Where the relevant Final Terms 
specifies 'CMS Rate Determination' to be applicable, 'Reference Rate' shall be construed to include 
a CMS Reference Rate. Where the Final Terms specifies 'RMS Rate Determination' to be 
applicable, 'Reference Rate' shall be construed to include a RMS Reference Rate. Where the Final 
Terms specifies 'Overnight Rate Determination' to be applicable, 'Reference Rate' shall be

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 76 - 
 
 
construed to include an Overnight Reference Rate. If more than one Reference Rate is specified, 
'Reference Rate' shall be construed to refer to each rate defined or specified as such, or determined, 
in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Related Bond" means, in relation to any Inflation Linked Notes, the bond specified as such in the 
Final Terms or, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms and if no bond is specified as the 
Related Bond, the Related Bond shall be the Fallback Bond. If the bond specified to be the Related 
Bond redeems or matures during the term of the Inflation Linked Notes, following such redemption 
or maturity the Related Bond shall be the Fallback Bond; 
"Related Payment Date" means any payment date on the Notes on which the amount payable is 
calculated by reference to the Relevant Rate determined on the related Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a Bearer Note 
for a Registered Note where such request for exchange is made to the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Transfer Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Transfer Agent is located; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(i) 
each Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option, or other interest rate, yield, cost of fund or 
similar rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such Reference 
Rate or Floating Rate Option); 
(ii) 
each Relevant Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such Notes 
(or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in such 
Relevant Rate); 
(iii) 
each Inflation Index specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to such 
Notes (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in 
such Inflation Index); 
(iv) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such Notes. 
To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source constitutes an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index or Replacement Index used pursuant to Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event), such index, benchmark or price source, as applicable, shall be a "Relevant 
Benchmark" from the day on which it is first used;

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 77 - 
 
 
"Relevant Benchmark Determination Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and a 
Relevant Benchmark, a date on which the rate, level or value of such Relevant Benchmark falls to 
be determined in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, a 
Relevant Benchmark and a Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, any payment date under the 
Notes for which the amount payable is calculated by reference to the Relevant Benchmark as 
determined on such Relevant Benchmark Determination Date; 
"Relevant Currency" means: 
(i) 
"AUD" which is the lawful currency of Australia; 
(ii) 
"CAD" which is the lawful currency of Canada; 
(iii) 
"CHF" which is the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
(iv) 
"CNY" which is the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China; 
(v) 
"COP" which is the lawful currency of Colombia; 
(vi) 
"CZK" which is the lawful currency of the Czech Republic; 
(vii) 
"DKK" which is the lawful currency of Denmark; 
(viii) 
"EGP" which is the lawful currency of Egypt; 
(ix) 
"EUR" which is the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
(x) 
"GBP" which is the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
(xi) 
"GHS" which is the lawful currency of Ghana; 
(xii) 
"HKD" which is the lawful currency of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China; 
(xiii) 
"HUF" which is the lawful currency of the Republic of Hungary; 
(xiv) 
"ILS" which is the lawful currency of the State of Israel; 
(xv) 
"JPY" which is the lawful currency of Japan; 
(xvi) 
"KES" which is the lawful currency of Kenya; 
(xvii) 
"MXN" which is the lawful currency of the United Mexican States; 
(xviii) 
"NGN" which is the lawful currency of Nigeria; 
(xix) 
"NOK" which is the lawful currency of Norway; 
(xx) 
"NZD" which is the lawful currency of New Zealand; 
(xxi) 
"PLN" which is the lawful currency of Poland; 
(xxii) 
"RUB" which is the lawful currency of the Russian Federation; 
(xxiii) 
"SEK" which is the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden; 
(xxiv) 
"SGD" which is the lawful currency of Singapore; 
(xxv) 
"TRY" which is the lawful currency of the Republic of Turkey; 
(xxvi) 
"UGX" which is the lawful currency of Uganda;

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 78 - 
 
 
(xxvii) "USD" which is the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
(xxviii) "ZAR" which is the lawful currency of the Republic of South Africa; 
(xxix) 
"ZMW" which is the lawful currency of Zambia; or 
(xxx) 
any other currency specified as being the Relevant Currency, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Currency Business Day" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate that is the: 
(i) 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate or Alternative Payment Cross Currency 
Rate or Settlement Currency Exchange Rate (which is being determined for the purposes 
of determining the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate), an Alternative 
Payment Currency Fixing Date; or 
(ii) 
Conversion Rate or Denomination Currency Conversion Rate or Settlement Currency 
Conversion Rate (which is being determined for the purposes of determining the 
Conversion Rate), a Conversion Rate Business Day. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre or centres for the currency in which 
payment falls to be made (or, where such currency is a National Currency Unit and the Notes have 
been redenominated into euro pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination), the former principal 
financial centre or centres) and in any other place set out in the Final Terms. In the case of payments 
which fall to be made in euro (save for payments in relation to Notes which have been 
redenominated into euros pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination)), a Euro Business Day. The 
Relevant Financial Centre Days in relation to any Tranche determined in accordance with the above 
provisions as at the Issue Date shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is 
denominated, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, (iii) a 
group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Alternative Payment Currency Exchange Rate, Alternative Payment 
Cross Currency Rate, Conversion Rate, Denomination Currency Conversion Rate, Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate, Settlement Currency Conversion Rate or Specified Currency Exchange 
Rate (as applicable); 
"Relevant Reference Asset Fallback Provisions" means: 
(i) 
in relation to a Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is an Inflation 
Index, Condition 7(g)(ii) (Payments – Inflation Index Disruption Events – Cessation of 
Publication), as if the relevant Benchmark Trigger Event were an Inflation Index 
Cessation; and

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 79 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Notes where the Affected Relevant Benchmark is a Relevant 
Rate, Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption), as if the 
relevant Benchmark Trigger Event were a Price Source Disruption; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" all refer to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
("Hong Kong") and the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
("Macau") and Taiwan); 
"Replacement Index" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A(b)(ii)(A) (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event); 
"Residual Designated Maturity" means, in relation to an Interest Period relating to the Notes, the 
Residual Designated Maturity specified as such for such Interest Period in the Final Terms. 
"Reverse Floating Rate Note" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect 
of which the relevant provisions of Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) are applicable as specified in the Final Terms; 
"RMS Reference Rate" means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4G(e) 
(Determination of a Floating Rate – RMS Rate Determination); 
"SAIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate; 
"Scheduled FX Fixing Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price 
Source Disruption and FX Disruption); 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Conversion Rate" means, for any Conversion Rate Fixing Date, the 
currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Settlement Currency as published on 
the Conversion Rate Fixing Page at or around the Conversion Rate Fixing Time and as observed 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means, for any Alternative Payment Currency Fixing 
Date, the currency exchange rate between the Cross Currency and the Settlement Currency as 
published on the Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page at or around the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Time and as observed by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"SIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Singaporean interbank offered rate; 
"SOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the synthetic rate for 
deposits denominated in the Relevant Currency and having a tenor equal to such specified period; 
"Specified Denomination" means, with respect to a Note in definitive form, the Denomination of 
such Note;

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 80 - 
 
 
"Specified Duration" means, in relation to an Interest Period and any Notes, the duration specified 
as such or, if none, a period equal to such Interest Period, ignoring any adjustment made in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Specified Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Swap Rate" means any of the following as specified in the Final Terms: (a) the swap 
rate, (b) the annual swap rate, (c) the semi-annual swap rate, (d) the quarterly swap rate, (e) the 
quarterly-annual swap rate, or (f) the quarterly-quarterly swap rate; 
"Steepener Notes" means a Note which bears interest at a floating rate and in respect of which the 
relevant provisions of Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note Provisions) are applicable as 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
"Switch Option Number of Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that, if no such number is specified in the Final Terms, the Switch 
Option Observation Number of Business Days will be deemed to be five Business Days. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system, or any successor thereto; 
"TELBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Tel Aviv interbank offered rate; 
"TIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Tokyo interbank offered rate; 
"TIIE" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the Tasa de Interés 
Interbancaria de Equilibrio (Interbank Equilibrium Interest Rate) denominated in such Relevant 
Currency and having a tenor equal to such specified period; 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer; 
"TRLIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Turkish Lira interbank offered rate; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in relation to a Relevant Rate, a day, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is not a Relevant Currency Business Day and the market was not aware of 
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until on or later than the second Relevant Currency Business Day (or such other 
number of Relevant Currency Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
preceding the Scheduled FX Fixing Date; 
"Valuation Date" means the Initial Valuation Date, Final Valuation Date, Inflation Interest 
Determination Date or any other date on which the Inflation Index Level is required to be 
determined. 
"WIBOR" means, in respect of any Relevant Currency and any specified period, the interest 
benchmark known as the Warsaw interbank offered rate; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note or Series of Notes specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
"Zero Coupon Note Reference Price" means the price per Note specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 81 - 
 
 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in 
uncertificated registered form ("Uncertificated Registered Notes") as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. Bearer Notes issued in definitive form are referred to as "Definitive Notes". Definitive 
Notes will be serially numbered. In the case of Registered Notes, a certificate will be issued to each 
Noteholder in respect of its registered holding. Each such certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the register (the "Register") maintained by the 
Registrar in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Denomination 
Subject to Condition 8 (Redenomination), Bearer Notes will be in the denomination(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes of one denomination will not be 
exchangeable after their initial delivery for Notes of any other denomination. 
(ii) 
General; Title 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have 
attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery Coupons, presentation of which will be 
a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will also, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have 
attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, a Talon for further coupons and the 
expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so permits, include Talons. 
Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable in instalments ("Instalment Notes") 
which are Definitive Notes will have endorsed thereon a grid for recording the repayment 
of principal or will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the 
time of their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments 
of principal. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes will pass by delivery. References herein to 
the "Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes or 
such Coupons. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying 
Agents and the Registrar may deem and treat the Holder of any Bearer Note or of any 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
the purpose of receiving payment on account thereof and for all other purposes. 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Denomination 
Registered Notes will be in the denomination(s) and multiples specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
General; Title 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the Register. References herein to the 
"Holders" of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such Registered Notes 
are so registered in the Register. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying 
Agents and the Registrar may deem and treat the person in whose name any Registered 
Note is registered (and, if more than one, the first named thereof) as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 82 - 
 
 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for the purpose of receiving 
payment on account thereof and for all other purposes. 
(iii) 
Regulations concerning transfer and registration of Registered Notes 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations (the "Regulations") concerning exchange and transfer of Registered 
Notes scheduled to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. The Regulations may be 
amended, supplemented or replaced by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar but without the consent of the Holders of any Notes. A copy of the current 
Regulations are available for inspection during usual business hours at the specified office 
of the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
(d) 
Uncertificated Registered Notes 
The Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be issued in uncertificated registered form in accordance 
with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force (the "Uncertificated Securities Regulations"). The 
Uncertificated Registered Notes are participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations. Title to the Uncertificated Registered Notes is recorded on the relevant 
Operator (as defined below) register of corporate securities. The CREST Registrar on behalf of the 
Issuer shall maintain a record of uncertified corporate securities (the "Record") in relation to the 
Uncertificated Registered Notes and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect 
the Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the rules of the Operator. Subject 
to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of 
a particular number of Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
CREST Registrar as the holder of such number of Uncertificated Registered Notes for all purposes 
(and the expressions "Noteholder" and "Holder" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly), and (ii) none of the Issuer and the CREST Registrar shall be liable in respect of any 
act or thing done or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that 
the particulars entered in the Record which the CREST Registrar maintains are in accordance with 
particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes. 
Uncertificated Registered Notes will be in the denomination(s) and multiples specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Title to Uncertificated Registered Notes will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Operator 
register of corporate securities. All transactions in relation to Uncertificated Registered Notes 
(including transfers of Uncertificated Registered Notes) in the open market or otherwise must be 
effected through an account at the Operator subject to and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of the Operator. 
No provision of these Conditions as amended in accordance with the relevant Final Terms shall 
(notwithstanding anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any 
respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of title to Uncertificated Registered Notes in uncertificated 
form, (II) the transfer of title to Uncertificated Registered Notes by means of a relevant system or 
(III) the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding 
sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms, 
so long as the Uncertificated Registered Notes are participating securities, (A) the Operator register 
of corporate securities relating to the Uncertificated Registered Notes shall be maintained at all 
times in the United Kingdom, (B) the Uncertificated Registered Notes may be issued in 
uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms in 
relation to any Uncertificated Registered Note shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they 
are not endorsed on any certificate for such Uncertificated Registered Note. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating securities", 
"record of uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as defined in the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such term is used in the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations) is CREST (or any additional or alternative operator from

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 83 - 
 
 
time to time approved by the Issuer and the CREST Registrar in relation to the Uncertificated 
Registered Notes and in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Any reference 
herein to the "Operator" shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any such additional or alternative Operator from time to time and notified to the holders of the 
Uncertificated Registered Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If at any time: 
(i) 
a Noteholder ceases for any reason to be a member of CREST; or 
(ii) 
the Uncertificated Registered Notes cease for any reason to be participating securities 
capable of being held in CREST, 
then the Issuer shall, in accordance with the rules and procedures governing CREST, ensure that 
Registered Notes are issued in exchange for the Uncertificated Registered Notes and that such 
Registered Notes are registered in such names as the Operator shall notify to the Issuer. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and, at their date of issue, (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer for the time being outstanding. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest Type 
The relevant Final Terms will specify in respect of each Interest Period whether the interest rate 
provisions that apply to the Notes are: 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Note provisions; 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Note provisions; 
(iii) 
Reverse Floating Rate Note provisions; 
(iv) 
Digital Interest Rate Note provisions; 
(v) 
Steepener Note provisions; 
(vi) 
Inflation Linked Interest Note provisions; or 
(vii) 
Zero Coupon Note provisions. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not a Switch Option is applicable. 
4A. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4A is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest during each Relevant Interest Period at the rate per annum equal to the 
Rate of Interest specified in the Final Terms to apply to the Relevant Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Relevant Interest Period, subject to the application of the Range Accrual 
Factor, if applicable. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Relevant Interest Payment Date on 
which the Relevant Interest Period ends, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments).

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 84 - 
 
 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, provided that Fixed Rate Note 
provisions applied on the date of such redemption, it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4A (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which case the 
Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
Only if Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any Relevant Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one denomination (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
In respect of any Relevant Interest Period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on a Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by: 
(X) applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, then further multiplying such amount 
by: 
(i) 
the relevant Day Count Fraction; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Range Accrual' to be applicable to such Relevant 
Interest Payment Date, multiplying such amount by the applicable Range Accrual Factor 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4H (Interest – Calculation of 
the Range Accrual Factor); and 
(Y) if "Add On Interest" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, adding to the amount 
calculated pursuant to paragraph (X) above, the Add On Interest, 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the denomination of such Note (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. If the above calculation results in an amount less than zero, then the Interest 
Amount payable on the Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be deemed to be zero. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than a Relevant 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above paragraph but 
as if reference therein to "Relevant Interest Period" were to such other period. 
(e) 
Interest Step-up 
If "Interest Step-up" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
to which Fixed Rate Note provisions apply, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes for a 
Relevant Interest Period shall be the rate specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest 
Payment Date on which the Relevant Interest Period ends, as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each successive rate specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to 
which Fixed Rate Note provisions and this paragraph (e) applies shall be greater than the 
immediately preceding rate specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment 
Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions apply.

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 85 - 
 
 
(f) 
Interest Step-down 
If "Interest Step-down" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes for a Relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
specified to be applicable in respect of the Relevant Interest Payment Date on which the Relevant 
Interest Period ends, as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. Each successive rate specified to be 
applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions and 
this paragraph (f) applies shall be less than the immediately preceding rate specified to be 
applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Fixed Rate Note provisions 
apply. 
(g) 
Relevant defined terms 
The following terms as used in this Condition 4A have the following meaning: 
• 
"Add On Interest" means the product of (i) Add On Interest Rate, (ii) Day Count Fraction, 
and (iii) the Calculation Amount. 
• 
"Add On Interest Rate" means: 
(A) 
the fixed rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the sum of (i) the Add On Spread, and (ii) the product of the Add on Leverage 
and the floating rate specified as such in the Final Terms. If the Add On Interest 
Rate is a floating rate, the relevant Final Terms shall also specify whether it shall 
be determined in accordance with 'Screen Rate Determination' (in which case 
Condition 4G(b) (Determination of a Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination 
for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) below 
will apply), 'ISDA Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(c) (Determination 
of a Floating Rate – ISDA Determination) below will apply), 'CMS Rate 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(d) (Determination of a Floating Rate 
- CMS Rate Determination) below will apply), 'RMS Rate Determination' (in 
which case Condition 4G(e) (Determination of a Floating Rate – RMS Rate 
Determination) 
below 
will 
apply) 
or 
'Non-Indexed 
Overnight 
Rate 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(f) (Determination of a Floating Rate 
– Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR and SORA) below will apply). 
If any Add On Maximum Rate or Add On Minimum Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Add On Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be 
less than the minimum so specified. 
• 
"Add On Leverage" means the number specified as the 'Add On Leverage' in the relevant 
Final Terms (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the Add On Leverage shall 
be deemed to be 1). 
• 
"Add On Maximum Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable 
period of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
"Add On Minimum Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable 
period of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
"Add On Spread" means the percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms (which 
rate may be negative). 
• 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to any Relevant Interest Period: 
(A) 
where the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Period and "Interest Step-up" 
and "Interest Step-down" are specified as not applicable, the rate of interest 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 86 - 
 
 
(B) 
where the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Period and "Interest Step-up" is 
specified as applicable, the rate of interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 4A(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions – Interest Step-up) above and in the 
manner specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
where the Fixed Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Period and "Interest Step-down" 
is specified as applicable, the rate of interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 4A(f) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions – Interest Step-down) above and in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Period" means each Interest Period in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specifies that Fixed Rate Note provisions shall apply. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends. 
4B. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4B is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest during each Relevant Interest Period at the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends, as determined in 
accordance with Condition 4B(c) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Determination of Rate of 
Interest) below, subject to the application of the Range Accrual Factor, if applicable. Interest will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends, 
subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, provided that Floating Rate Note 
provisions applied on the date of such redemption, it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4B (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which case the 
Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
Subject to Condition 4B(d) (Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate) below, the Rate of Interest for a 
Relevant Interest Payment Date will be (x) the Floating Rate determined for such Relevant Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with Condition 4B(g) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Floating Rate) 
below, multiplied by (y) the number specified as the 'Leverage' in the Final Terms for such 
Relevant Interest Payment Date (which number may be negative) (provided that, if no such 
amount is specified, the Leverage shall be deemed to be 1) (the "Leverage") and then (z) adding 
the 'Margin' percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms for such Relevant Interest Payment 
Date (which rate may be negative) (the "Margin") to the product of (x) and (y). 
The Rate of Interest calculation can also be expressed formulaically as: 
(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 87 - 
 
 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(e) 
Margin Step-up 
If "Margin Step-up" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
to which Floating Rate Note provisions apply, the Margin in respect of such Notes for a Relevant 
Interest Period shall be the percentage specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest 
Payment Date on which the Relevant Interest Period ends, as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each successive Margin specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date 
to which Floating Rate Note provisions and this paragraph (e) applies shall be greater than the 
immediately preceding Margin specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment 
Date to which Floating Rate Note provisions apply. 
(f) 
Margin Step-down 
If "Margin Step-down" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, the Margin in respect of such Notes for a Relevant Interest Period shall be the percentage 
specified to be applicable in respect of the Relevant Interest Payment Date on which the Relevant 
Interest Period ends, as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. Each successive Margin specified to 
be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Floating Rate Note 
provisions and this paragraph (f) applies shall be less than the immediately preceding Margin 
specified to be applicable in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date to which Floating Rate 
Note provisions apply. 
(g) 
Floating Rate 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether the Floating Rate to be determined for each Relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 'Screen Rate Determination' (in 
which case Condition 4G(b) (Determination of a Floating Rate  – Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) below will apply), 'ISDA 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(c) (Determination of a Floating Rate – ISDA 
Determination) below will apply), 'CMS Rate Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(d) 
(Determination of a Floating Rate – CMS Rate Determination) below will apply), 'RMS Rate 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(e) (Determination of a Floating Rate –RMS Rate 
Determination) below will apply) or 'Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination' (in which case 
Condition 4G(f) (Determination of a Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SORA) below will apply). 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Linear Interpolation' to be 'Applicable' to any Relevant 
Interest Period specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Floating Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(h) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Relevant Interest Period, calculate the "Interest Amount". The 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on a Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by: 
(X) applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, then further multiplying such amount 
by: 
(i) 
the relevant Day Count Fraction; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Range Accrual' to be applicable to such Relevant 
Interest Payment Date, multiplying such amount by the applicable Range Accrual Factor 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4H (Calculation of the Range 
Accrual Factor); and

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 88 - 
 
 
(Y) if "Add On Interest" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, adding to the amount 
calculated pursuant to paragraph (X) above, the Add On Interest, 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the denomination of such Note (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than a Relevant 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above paragraph but 
as if reference therein to "Relevant Interest Period" were to such other period. 
If the above calculation results in an amount less than zero, then the Interest Amount payable on 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be deemed to be zero. 
(i) 
Relevant defined terms 
The following terms as used in this Condition 4B have the following meaning: 
• 
"Add On Interest" means the product of (i) Add On Interest Rate, (ii) Day Count Fraction, 
and (iii) the Calculation Amount. 
• 
"Add On Interest Rate" means: 
(A) 
the fixed rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the sum of (i) the Add On Margin, and (ii) the product of the Add on Leverage 
and the floating rate specified as such in the Final Terms. If the Add On Interest 
Rate is a floating rate, the relevant Final Terms shall also specify whether it shall 
be determined in accordance with 'Screen Rate Determination' (in which case 
Condition 4G(b) (Determination of a Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination 
for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) below 
will apply), 'ISDA Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(c) (Determination 
of a Floating Rate – ISDA Determination) below will apply), 'CMS Rate 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(d) (Determination of a Floating Rate 
–CMS Rate Determination) below will apply), 'RMS Rate Determination' (in 
which case Condition 4G(e) (Determination of a Floating Rate – RMS Rate 
Determination) 
below 
will 
apply) 
or 
'Non-Indexed 
Overnight 
Rate 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(f) (Determination of a Floating Rate 
– Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR and SORA) below will apply). 
If any Add On Maximum Rate or Add On Minimum Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Add On Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be 
less than the minimum so specified. 
• 
"Add On Leverage" means the number specified as the 'Add On Leverage' in the relevant 
Final Terms (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the Add On Leverage shall 
be deemed to be 1). 
• 
"Add On Margin" means the percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms (which 
rate may be negative). 
• 
"Add On Maximum Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable 
period of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
"Add On Minimum Rate" means the percentage rate per annum (or such other applicable 
period of time) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 89 - 
 
 
• 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to any Relevant Interest Period, the percentage rate 
of interest per annum applicable to such Relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4B(c) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Determination of Rate of Interest) 
above. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Period" means each Interest Period in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specifies that Floating Rate Note provisions shall apply. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends. 
4C. 
Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4C is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Reverse Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest during each Relevant Interest Period at the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Relevant Interest Period, as determined 
in accordance with Condition 4C(c) (Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions – Determination of 
Rate of Interest) below, subject to the application of the Range Accrual Factor, if applicable. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest 
Period ends, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, provided that Reverse Floating 
Rate Note provisions applied on the date of such redemption, it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4C (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which 
case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
Subject to Condition 4C(d) (Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions – Maximum or Minimum 
Interest Rate) below, the Rate of Interest for a Relevant Interest Payment Date will be (x) the 
'reverse fixed interest rate' percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms for such Relevant 
Interest Payment Date (which rate may not be negative) (the "Reverse Fixed Interest Rate") 
minus the product of (y) the Floating Rate determined for such Relevant Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with Condition 4C(e) (Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions – Floating Rate) below 
and (y) the number specified as the 'Leverage' in the relevant Final Terms for such Relevant Interest 
Payment Date (which number may be negative) (provided that, if no such amount is specified, 
the Leverage shall be deemed to be 1) (the "Leverage"). 
The Rate of Interest calculation can also be expressed formulaically as: 
𝑅𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑒 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 − (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 ×  𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified.

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 90 - 
 
 
(e) 
Floating Rate 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether the Floating Rate to be determined for each Relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 'Screen Rate Determination' (in 
which case Condition 4G(b) (Determination of a Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) below will apply), 'ISDA 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(c) (Determination of a Floating Rate – ISDA 
Determination) below will apply), 'CMS Rate Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(d) 
(Determination of a Floating Rate – CMS Rate Determination) below will apply), 'RMS Rate 
Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(e) (Determination of a Floating Rate – RMS Rate 
Determination) below will apply) or 'Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination' (in which case 
Condition 4G(f) (Determination of a Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SORA) below will apply). 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Linear Interpolation' to be 'Applicable', then, in respect of any 
short or long Relevant Interest Period as specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Floating Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Relevant Interest Period, calculate the "Interest Amount". The 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on a Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, then further multiplying 
such amount by: 
(i) 
the relevant Day Count Fraction; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Range Accrual' to be applicable to such Relevant 
Interest Payment Date, multiplying such amount by the applicable Range Accrual Factor 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4H (Calculation of the Range 
Accrual Factor), 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the denomination of such Note (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than a Relevant 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above paragraph but 
as if reference therein to "Relevant Interest Period" were to such other period. 
If the above calculation results in an amount less than zero, then the Interest Amount payable on 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Relevant defined terms 
The following terms as used in this Condition 4C have the following meaning: 
• 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to any Relevant Interest Period, the percentage rate 
of interest per annum applicable to such Relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4C(c) (Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions – Determination of Rate of 
Interest) above. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Period" means each Interest Period in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specifies that Floating Rate Note provisions shall apply.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 91 - 
 
 
• 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends. 
4D. 
Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4D is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Digital Interest Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest during each Relevant Interest Period at the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Relevant Interest Period, as determined 
in accordance with Condition 4D(c) (Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions – Determination of Rate 
of Interest) below, subject to the application of the Range Accrual Factor, if applicable. Interest 
will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends, 
subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, provided that Digital Interest Rate 
Note provisions applied on the date of such redemption, it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4D (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which 
case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest for a Relevant Interest Payment Date will be equal to: 
(i) 
if the Digital Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Interest Observation Date is less 
than the Digital Strike, the sum of: 
(A) 
the product of Digital Rate 1 and Digital Leverage 1; and 
(B) 
the Digital Rate 1 Spread, 
(such sum, the "Leveraged Rate 1"); or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Interest Observation Date is greater 
than the Digital Strike, the sum of: 
(A) 
the product of Digital Rate 2 and Digital Leverage 2; and 
(B) 
the Digital Rate 2 Spread, 
(such sum, the "Leveraged Rate 2"); or 
(iii) 
the greater of Leveraged Rate 1 and Leveraged Rate 2, if the Digital Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Interest Observation Date is equal to the Digital Strike. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 92 - 
 
 
(e) 
Digital Rate which is a floating rate 
(i) 
For each Digital Rate which is a floating rate the relevant Final Terms will specify whether 
the Digital Rate to be determined for each Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
determined in accordance with: 
• 
'Screen Rate Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(b) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) below; 
• 
'ISDA Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(c) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – ISDA Determination) below will apply), 
• 
'CMS Rate Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(d) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – CMS Rate Determination) below will apply), 
• 
'RMS Rate Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(e) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – RMS Rate Determination) below will apply); or 
• 
'Non-Indexed Overnight Rate Determination' (in which case Condition 4G(f) 
(Determination of a Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SORA) below will apply with respect 
to determination of Digital Rate 1 or Digital Rate 2). 
(ii) 
If the Digital Reference Rate is to be determined in accordance with 'Non-Indexed 
Overnight Rate Determination' the Digital Reference Rate in relation to an Interest 
Observation Date shall be the Overnight Reference Rate determined in relation to such 
day (or, if such date is not a Reference Rate Business Day, the immediately preceding 
Reference Rate Business Day). 
The provisions of Condition 4G(f)(v), (vi) or (vii) (Determination of a Floating Rate – 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and 
SORA (as applicable) shall apply to any determination of the Overnight Reference Rate 
pursuant to this Condition 4D(e)(ii), provided that any reference to "Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) in the Applicable Period" or a "Reference Rate Determination Date" shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Interest Observation Date and References to 
"Reference Rate(i)" shall be deemed to be references to the Overnight Reference Rate for 
the Interest Observation Date. 
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specifies 'Linear Interpolation' to be 'Applicable', then, in respect of 
any short or long Relevant Interest Period as specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the relevant Digital Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Relevant Interest Period, calculate the "Interest Amount". The 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on a Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, then further multiplying 
such amount by: 
(i) 
the relevant Day Count Fraction; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Range Accrual' to be applicable to such Relevant 
Interest Payment Date, multiplying such amount by the applicable Range Accrual Factor 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4H (Calculation of the Range 
Accrual Factor), 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a faction equal to the denomination of such Note (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) divided by the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 93 - 
 
 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than a Relevant 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above paragraph but 
as if reference therein to "Relevant Interest Period" were to such other period. 
If the above calculation results in an amount less than zero, then the Interest Amount payable on 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Relevant defined terms 
The following terms as used in this Condition 4D have the following meaning: 
• 
"Digital Leverage 1" means the number specified as such for a Relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Final Terms (which number may be negative) (provided that, if no such 
number is specified, Digital Leverage 1 shall be deemed to be 1). 
• 
"Digital Leverage 2" means the number specified as such for a Relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Final Terms (which number may be negative) (provided that, if no such 
number is specified, Digital Leverage 2 shall be deemed to be 1). 
• 
"Digital Rate" means each of Digital Rate 1, Digital Rate 2 and Digital Reference Rate, 
to the extent that such a rate is a floating rate, a CMS Reference Rate, a RMS Reference 
Rate or an Overnight Relevant Rate. 
• 
"Digital Rate 1" and "Digital Rate 2" each means a fixed rate, a floating rate, a CMS 
Reference Rate, RMS Reference Rate or an Overnight Relevant Rate, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
• 
"Digital Rate 1 Spread" means the percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms 
for a Relevant Interest Payment Date (which rate may be negative). 
• 
"Digital Rate 2 Spread" means the percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms 
for a Relevant Interest Payment Date (which rate may be negative). 
• 
"Digital Reference Rate" means a floating rate, a CMS Reference Rate, RMS Reference 
Rate or an Overnight Reference Rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Digital Strike" means the percentage rate specified as such for the Relevant Interest 
Payment Date in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Interest Observation Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Determination Date specified in relation to the Digital Reference Rate for such 
Relevant Interest Period. 
• 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to any Relevant Interest Period, the percentage rate 
of interest per annum applicable to such Relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4D(c) (Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions – Determination of Rate of 
Interest) above. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Period" means each Interest Period in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specifies that Digital Interest Rate Note provisions shall apply. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends.

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 94 - 
 
 
4E. 
Steepener Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4E is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Steepener Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest during each Relevant Interest Period at the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Relevant Interest Period, as determined 
in accordance with Condition 4E(c) (Steepener Note Provisions – Determination of Rate of 
Interest) below, subject to the application of the Range Accrual Factor, if applicable. Interest will 
be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends, 
subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, provided that Steepener Note 
provisions applied on the date of such redemption, it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4E (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which case the 
Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
Subject to Condition 4E(d) (Steepener Note Provisions – Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate) 
below, the Rate of Interest for a Relevant Interest Payment Date will be calculated by multiplying 
(x) the difference between Spread Linked Rate 1 and Spread Linked Rate 2 by (y) the number 
specified as the 'Leverage' in the Final Terms for such Relevant Interest Payment Date (which 
number may be negative) (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the Leverage shall be 
deemed to be 1) (the "Leverage") and then (z) adding the 'Spread' percentage rate specified as such 
in the Final Terms for such Relevant Interest Payment Date (which rate may be negative) (the 
"Spread") to the product of (x) and (y). 
The Rate of Interest calculation can also be expressed formulaically as: 
(Spread Linked Rate 1 – Spread Linked Rate 2) × Leverage + Spread 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(e) 
Floating Rate 
Each Spread Linked Rate will be determined for each Relevant Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with 'CMS Rate Determination' (and Condition 4G(d) (Determination of a Floating 
Rate – CMS Rate Determination) below will apply). 
If the Final Terms specifies 'Linear Interpolation' to be 'Applicable', then, in respect of any short 
or long Relevant Interest Period as specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Spread Linked Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Relevant Interest Period, calculate the "Interest Amount". The

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 95 - 
 
 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on a Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, then further multiplying 
such amount by: 
(i) 
the relevant Day Count Fraction; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies 'Range Accrual' to be applicable to such Relevant 
Interest Payment Date, multiplying such amount by the applicable Range Accrual Factor 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4H (Calculation of the Range 
Accrual Factor), 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the denomination of such Note (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than a Relevant 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above paragraph but 
as if reference therein to "Relevant Interest Period" were to such other period. 
If the above calculation results in an amount less than zero, then the Interest Amount payable on 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Relevant defined terms 
The following terms as used in this Condition 4E have the following meaning: 
• 
"ICE Swap Rate" means the mid-price for interest rate swaps (the fixed leg) in the 
Relevant Currency and in various tenors as published by ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited. 
• 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to any Relevant Interest Period, the percentage rate 
of interest per annum applicable to such Relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4E(c) (Steepener Note Provisions – Determination of Rate of Interest) 
above. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Period" means each Interest Period in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specifies that Steepener Note provisions shall apply. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends. 
• 
"Spread Linked Rate" means each of Spread Linked Rate 1 and Spread Linked Rate 2. 
• 
"Spread Linked Rate 1" and "Spread Linked Rate 2" each means one of the following 
CMS Reference Rates: 
(i) 
1-year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency; 
(ii) 
2-year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency; 
(iii) 
5-year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency; 
(iv) 
10-year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency; 
(v) 
20-year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency; or 
(vi) 
30-year ICE Swap Rate in the Relevant Currency,

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 96 - 
 
 
where the "Relevant Currency" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4F. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4F is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Inflation Linked Interest Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note bears interest during each Relevant Interest Period at the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Relevant Interest Period, as determined 
in accordance with Condition 4F(c) (Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions – Determination of 
Rate of Interest) below. Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date on which 
such Relevant Interest Period ends, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, provided that Inflation Linked 
Interest Note provisions applied on the date of such redemption, it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4F (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the day the Calculation 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment, in which 
case the Notes will continue to bear interest as aforesaid). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
Subject to Condition (d) (Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions – Maximum or Minimum 
Interest Rate) below, the Rate of Interest for a Relevant Interest Payment Date will be (x) the 
Inflation Factor determined for such Relevant Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 
4F(e) (Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions – Inflation Factor) below, multiplied by (y) the 
number specified as the 'Leverage' in the Final Terms for such Relevant Interest Payment Date 
(which number may be negative) (provided that, if no such amount is specified, the Leverage 
shall be deemed to be 1) (the "Leverage") and then (z) adding the 'Spread' percentage rate specified 
as such in the Final Terms for such Relevant Interest Payment Date (which rate may be negative) 
(the "Spread") to the product of (x) and (y). 
The Rate of Interest calculation can also be expressed formulaically as: 
(𝐼𝑛𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟 ×  𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) +  𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(e) 
Inflation Factor 
The Inflation Factor shall be determined as follows: 
(X) 
if "Inflation Index Change" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Inflation Factor shall be calculated by subtracting 1 (one) from the amount that is 
determined by dividing: 
(A) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in the Final Terms as 
corresponding to the Relevant Interest Payment Date ("Inflation Index(t)"); by

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 97 - 
 
 
(B) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Initial Reference Month specified in the Final 
Terms as corresponding to the Relevant Interest Payment Date ("Inflation 
Index(t-1)"). 
The Inflation Factor calculation can also be expressed formulaically as follows: 
〖Inflation Index〗_((t))/〖Inflation Index〗_((t −1)) −1 
(Y) 
or if "Inflation Index Ratio" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Inflation Factor shall be calculated by dividing: 
(A) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in the Final Terms as 
corresponding to the Relevant Interest Payment Date ("Inflation Index(t)"); by 
(B) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Initial Reference Month specified in the Final 
Terms as corresponding to the Relevant Interest Payment Date ("Inflation 
Index(t-1)"). 
The Inflation Factor calculation can also be expressed formulaically as follows: 
〖Inflation Index〗_((t))/〖Inflation Index〗_((t −1)) 
If any Relevant Interest Payment Date does not fall on the first calendar day of a month, and the 
relevant Final Terms specifies that the Reference Month corresponding to such Relevant Interest 
Payment Date is subject to linear interpolation, the relevant Inflation Index Level for the Reference 
Month corresponding to such Relevant Interest Payment Date and the Initial Reference Month shall 
be calculated using linear interpolation between (x) the Inflation Index Level for such month and 
(y) the Inflation Index Level for the calendar month following such month. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Relevant Interest Period, calculate the "Interest Amount". The 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on a Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, then further multiplying 
such amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the denomination of such Note (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) divided by the 
Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of the Notes in relation to a period other than a Relevant 
Interest Period, then such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the above paragraph but 
as if reference therein to "Relevant Interest Period" were to such other period. 
If the above calculation results in an amount less than zero, then the Interest Amount payable on 
the Relevant Interest Payment Date shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Relevant defined terms 
The following terms as used in this Condition 4F have the following meaning: 
• 
"Initial Reference Month" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Month falling the Relevant Number of Calendar Months prior to the Reference 
Month specified in the Final Terms as corresponding to such Relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, if "Single Initial Reference Month" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Reference Month specified as the Single Initial Reference Month in the Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 98 - 
 
 
• 
"Inflation Factor" means the fraction calculated in accordance with Condition 4F(e) 
(Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions – Inflation Factor) above. 
• 
"Inflation Index" means the index specified as such in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Inflation Index Level" means the level of the Inflation Index first published or 
announced for the relevant Reference Month, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to Condition 7(g) (Payments – Inflation Index Disruption Events). 
• 
"Inflation Interest Determination Date" means the day falling 5 Business Days prior to 
a Relevant Interest Payment Date. 
• 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to any Relevant Interest Period, the percentage rate 
of interest per annum applicable to such Relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4F(c) (Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions – Determination of Rate 
of Interest) above. 
• 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index 
was reported, regardless of when this information is published or amended. If the period 
for which the Inflation Index was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month is the period for which the Inflation Index Level was reported. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Period" means each Interest Period in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specifies that Index Linked Note provisions shall apply. 
• 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date on which such Relevant Interest Period ends. 
• 
"Relevant Number of Calendar Months" means the number of calendar months 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
4G. 
Determination of a Floating Rate 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4G applies only in respect of Interest Period(s) for which the Final Terms specifies 
Floating Rate Note provisions, Reverse Floating Rate Note provisions, Digital Interest Rate Note 
provisions or Steepener Note provisions to be applicable, or in respect of calculating an Add On 
Interest Rate or Range Accrual Floating Rate (as applicable). 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event), 
if Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Floating Rate 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears in the Relevant 
Currency on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appears in the Relevant Currency on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of paragraph (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, then:

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 99 - 
 
 
(x) 
if ISDA Determination for Fall-back provisions is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, and the Notes are not Italian Notes, then, subject to 
the penultimate paragraph of this Condition 4G(b), the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Floating Rate for the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with Condition 4G(c) (Determination of a Floating Rate – ISDA 
Determination) below on the basis of the Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date and other items (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, as if fewer than the minimum 
number of Reference Banks specified therein had quoted; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Currency is 'COP', the Floating Rate shall be the EMTA COP 
Indicative Survey Rate (COP03), which shall, for a relevant Interest 
Determination Date, be the Colombian Peso/U.S. Dollar Specified Rate for U.S. 
Dollars, expressed as the amount of Colombian Pesos per one U.S. Dollar, for 
settlement on the same day, as published on EMTA's web site 
(http://www.emta.org or any successor website) at approximately 11:30 a.m., 
Bogotá time, or as soon thereafter as practicable, on such Interest Determination 
Date. The spot rate shall be calculated by EMTA (or a service provider EMTA 
may select in its sole discretion) pursuant to the EMTA COP Indicative Survey 
Methodology (which means a methodology, dated as of 1 August 2006, as 
amended from time to time, for a centralized industry-wide survey of financial 
institutions that are active participants in the Colombian Peso/U.S. Dollar markets 
for the purpose of determining the EMTA COP Indicative Survey Rate); and 
(z) 
in all other cases, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate in the 
Relevant Currency at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being 
the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
quoted by major banks in the principal financial centre of the Settlement 
Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Settlement 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that in its opinion 
(x) there is no realistic prospect of the Reference Banks providing the 
quotations specified in paragraph (iii)(x) above or (y) any such 
quotations are unlikely to be representative of an underlying market: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall not be required to request the 
quotations specified in paragraph (iii)(x) above or to make the 
determination specified in Condition 4G(f)(iv) (Inflation Linked 
Interest Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and 
SORA) below; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may (in consultation with the Issuer) 
determine a rate by reference to such other sources and/or

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 100 - 
 
 
methodology as directed by the Issuer acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, 
and the Floating Rate for such Interest Period shall be the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to (or where the above proviso applies, elects not to) determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Floating Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination for Fall-back provisions is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Calculation Agent may be required to 
determine the relevant Floating Rate by reference to the rates provided by certain financial 
institutions selected by it in accordance with the ISDA Definitions in circumstances in which 
paragraph (b)(iii)(x) above applies. 
For purposes of paragraph (b)(iii)(x) above, if the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for purposes of the ISDA Determination for Fall-Back is: 
(aa) 
"HUF-BUBOR-Reference Banks", then, prior to determining the relevant Floating Rate 
in accordance with such Floating Rate Option, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Floating Rate on the basis of the BUBOR rate for the relevant period as published 
by the National Bank of Hungary pursuant to the BUBOR Regulation on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; or 
(bb) 
"SGD-SOR-Reference Banks", then, prior to determining the relevant Floating Rate in 
accordance with such Floating Rate Option, the Calculation Agent will determine the rate 
as being any substitute synthetic rate for SGD for the relevant period announced by the 
Association of Banks in Singapore ("ABS"), 
and, if such published rate is available (in the case of paragraph (aa) above), or such a substitute 
rate is so announced by ABS prior to 4 p.m. (Singapore time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date (in the case of paragraph (bb)) above), then such rate as so determined shall be used for 
purposes of calculating the Floating Rate in accordance with the immediately preceding paragraph 
of this Condition 4G(b), and, if such published rate is not available or such synthetic rate is not so 
announced (as the case may be), then the Calculation Agent shall proceed to determine the relevant 
Floating Rate in accordance with paragraph (iii)(x) above. 
(c) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Floating Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the "Floating Rate" (as such term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the "Floating Rate Option" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the "Designated Maturity" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant "Reset Date" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period 
or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if applicable, the "Applicable Benchmark", "Fixing Day", "Fixing Time" and/or any other 
items specified in the relevant Final Terms as relating to ISDA Determination (each as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions, as applicable) are as specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 101 - 
 
 
provided, however, that if in relation to any Interest Period: 
(A) 
the application of the above provisions does not result in the determination of an ISDA 
Rate and the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) has not determined a 
Benchmark Trigger Event to have occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period having regard to such facts and circumstances as 
it considers relevant; and 
(B) 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines a Benchmark Trigger 
Event to have occurred, the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event) shall apply, 
and in either case, the Calculation Agent shall not be required to obtain quotations from Reference 
Banks (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for purposes of determining the ISDA Rate for such 
Interest Period notwithstanding that it might otherwise be required to do so as a fallback procedure 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions. 
Investors should note that, if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Floating Rate(s) is/are to be determined, then the Calculation Agent 
may be required to determine the relevant Floating Rate by reference to the rates provided 
by certain financial institutions selected by it in accordance with the ISDA Definitions if (a) 
the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms refers expressly to "Reference Banks" 
in its title or (b) the primary method for determining the ISDA Rate in accordance with the 
ISDA Definitions fails for any reason (unless the Final Terms specify that ISDA Reference 
Banks Fallbacks are not applicable). 
(d) 
CMS Rate Determination 
Where 'CMS Rate Determination' is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms ("CMS 
Rate Determination"), the Floating Rate for each Interest Period will be the relevant CMS 
Reference Rate for such Interest Period. 
The CMS Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day (as applicable) will 
be the Specified Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Relevant Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Period or such relevant day, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Specified Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Floating Rate for the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with Condition 4G(c) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – ISDA Determination) on the basis of the Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as if fewer than the minimum number of Reference Banks specified therein had 
quoted. 
(e) 
RMS Rate Determination 
Where 'RMS Rate Determination' is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms ("RMS 
Rate Determination"), the Floating Rate for each Interest Period will be the relevant RMS 
Reference Rate for such Interest Period. 
The RMS Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day (as applicable) will 
be the Specified Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Relevant Currency with a maturity of the 
Residual Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such 
Interest Period or such relevant day, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Specified Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Floating Rate for the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with Condition 4G(c) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – ISDA Determination) on the basis of the Floating Rate Option, Residual

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 102 - 
 
 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as if fewer than the minimum number of Reference Banks specified 
therein had quoted. 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and 
SORA 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Floating Rate for each Interest Period will be the Overnight Relevant Rate for such Interest 
Period. 
(ii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default), 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely 
for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly. 
(iii) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest 
Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(iv) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the Observation Period relating to 
such Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Lag", "Lock-Out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the Applicable Period. 
"𝐝𝐜" means the number of calendar days from (and including) IndexStart to (but excluding) 
IndexEnd. 
"d0" means the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable Period. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Reference Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Reference Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period (each a 
"Reference Rate Business Day(i)"). 
"IndexEnd" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day which is 
"p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
"IndexStart" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day which is 
"p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
"Index Value" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A)  
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
the value of the SONIA Compounded Index for such Reference Rate Business

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 103 - 
 
 
Day as published by authorised redistributors on such Reference Rate Business 
Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from 
such authorised redistributors, as published on the Bank of England's Website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or on such other page or website 
as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) on the next following Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, 
that in the event that the value originally so published is corrected on such 
Reference Rate Business Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that 
was originally published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such 
Reference Rate Business Day; and 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the 
value of the SOFR Index published by Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind (or on such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SOFR 
Index) at or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reference Rate 
Business Day; provided, however, that in the event that the value originally so 
published is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate on the 
original date of publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that 
was originally published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such 
Reference Rate Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website. 
"ni" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the 
next following Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Non-Reset Date" means each Reference Rate Business Day(i) in an Applicable Period, 
the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to which falls on or after the Rate Cut-
Off Date (if any). 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Standard Shift" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
period from (and including) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and in respect of the first Interest 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
(B) 
where "IDD Shift" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
period from (and including) the Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the 
Interest Determination Date for the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date 
to (but excluding) the last Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the 
Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period, provided that the first 
Observation Period shall commence on (and include) the last Reference Rate 
Business Day falling prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
"p" means the whole number specified as such in the Final Terms representing a number 
of Reference Rate Business Days;

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 104 - 
 
 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means: 
(A) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms and "SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate Business Day immediately prior to the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
where either "Lock-Out" or "Lag" are specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms and a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the 
relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any Interest Period, the second Reference 
Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, and: 
(I) 
"SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, the Reference Rate 
Business Day immediately prior to the Interest Determination Date in 
relation to the final Interest Period only; 
(II) 
a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the relevant Reference 
Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of any Interest Period other than the final Interest 
Period, second the Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to 
the Interest Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the final Interest Period, the second Reference Rate 
Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
and 
(D) 
in any other circumstances, no Rate Cut-Off Date shall apply. 
"Overnight Reference Rate" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate Business Day 
immediately following such Reference Rate Business Day; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) published at or around 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website on the next 
succeeding Reference Rate Business Day for trades made on such Reference Rate 
Business Day; 
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such Reference 
Rate Business Day as published by the European Central Bank, as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's 
Website") on the Reference Rate Business Day immediately following such 
Reference Rate Business Day; and 
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Singapore Overnight Rate Average ("SORA") 
rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as provided by the Monetary Authority

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 105 - 
 
 
of Singapore as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such 
rate) 
("MAS"), 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
MAS 
currently 
at 
http://www.mas.gov.sg or any successor website officially designated by the 
MAS (or as published by its authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate 
Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Reference Rate(i)" or "REFi" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), 
the Overnight Reference Rate for the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to 
such Reference Rate Business Day(i), provided that where (A) either "Lock Out" or 
"Payment Delay" are specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or 
(B) "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method and the Overnight Reference Rate is not 
SONIA, Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) in respect of each Interest Non-Reset Date (if any) 
in an Applicable Period shall be Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) as determined in relation to 
the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means: 
(A) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
(B) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities;  
(C) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Euro Business Day; or  
(D) 
where "SORA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, a 
day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public holiday) on which 
commercial banks settle payments in Singapore. 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business 
Day(i): 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Reference Rate Business Day falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior 
to such Reference Rate Business Day(i); and 
(B) 
otherwise, such Reference Rate Business Day(i); 
"Overnight Relevant Rate" means with respect to an Interest Period: 
(A) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms (or is deemed to be not applicable as set out in the proviso to 
paragraph (B) below): 
(I) 
where "Compounded Daily Rate" is specified as the Determination 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the applicable Overnight Reference 
Rate specified in the Final Terms as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated as follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0001%), with 0.00005% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝐸𝐹𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝑌
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝑌
𝑑

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 106 - 
 
 
(II) 
where "Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the Determination 
Method in the relevant Final Terms the arithmetic mean of Reference 
Rate(i) for each Reference Rate Business Day during such Applicable 
Period (each "Reference Rate Business Day(i)"), calculated by 
multiplying the relevant Reference Rate(i) for any Reference Rate 
Business Day(i) by the number of days such Reference Rate(i) is in effect 
(being the number of calendar days from (and including) such Reference 
Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the next following Reference 
Rate Business Day), determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Applicable 
Period; and 
(B) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the rate calculated as follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001%), 
with 0.00005% being rounded upwards: 
( 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 𝑌
𝑑𝑐
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any reason 
to determine IndexEnd or IndexStart in relation to any Interest Period, the 
Relevant Rate shall be calculated for such Interest Period as if RFR Index 
Determination had been specified as being not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms (and accordingly paragraph (A)(I) of this definition and 
"Observation Shift" and "Standard Shift" will apply). 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof). 
"Y" 
is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no number is so 
specified, a number reflecting the denominator for day count fractions 
customarily used to calculate floating rate interest amounts on instruments 
denominated in the Specified Currency and with an original maturity equal to that 
of the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SONIA" is specified as the Overnight Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant Applicable 
Period, the Overnight Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors in 
respect of the related Reference Rate Determination Date, Reference Rate(i) shall 
be the sum of: (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on the related Reference Rate Determination Date; plus (B) 
the mean of the spread of the Overnight Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over 
five days on which the Overnight Reference Rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); and 
(B) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 107 - 
 
 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(vi) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SOFR" is specified as the Overnight Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant Applicable 
Period, the Overnight Reference Rate is not published as provided in the relevant 
definition thereof for the related Reference Rate Determination Date, and: 
(I) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms a SOFR Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date 
have not both occurred; or 
(II) 
where "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have not both occurred, 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the 
Overnight Reference Rate in respect of the last Reference Rate Business Day prior 
to the related Reference Rate Determination Date for which such Overnight 
Reference Rate was so published as provided in the relevant definition thereof. 
(B) 
Where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
if; 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Overnight Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred in relation to the Overnight Reference 
Rate (or any SOFR Replacement Rate previously determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4G(f)(vi) on the Reference Rate Business 
Day on which a determination of Overnight Reference Rate is due to be 
made, 
the SOFR Replacement Rate will replace the then-current Overnight Reference 
Rate for all purposes and in respect of all determinations on such Reference Rate 
Business Day and (without prejudice to the further operation of this Condition 
4G(f)(vi) all subsequent determinations; provided that, if the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the calculation agent) or our designee 
(in consultation with the Issuer) is unable to or do not determine a SOFR 
Replacement Rate in accordance with the provisions below prior to 5:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest rate for 
the related Interest Period will be equal to (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or 
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 108 - 
 
 
(C) 
If "ARRC Fallbacks" are not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
if: 
(I) 
in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Overnight Reference Rate is not published as 
provided in the relevant definition thereof for the related Reference Rate 
Determination Date; and 
(II) 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) 
determines that a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred (the first date on which (I) and 
(II) occur, being the "Rate Switch Date"), 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the 
rate that was recommended as the replacement for the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or spreads) 
as determined in relation to related Reference Rate Determination Date for such 
Reference Rate Business Day(i); provided, however, that, if no such rate has 
been recommended within one Reference Rate Business Day of the Rate Switch 
Date, then: 
(1) 
subject to paragraph (2) below, Reference Rate(i) in relation to each 
Reference Rate Business Day(i) falling on or after the Rate Switch Date 
shall be equal to the rate determined in accordance with the definition of 
Reference Rate(i) or Condition 4G(f)(vi)(A) above (as applicable), but 
as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4G(f) to "Reference Rate Business Day" 
were to "New York City Banking Day", but so that in the case 
of the Applicable Period in which the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date occurred, "d0" shall be construed so that it means 
the aggregate of (x) the number of Reference Rate Business 
Days in the Applicable Period up to (but excluding) the Rate 
Switch Date and (y) the number of New York City Banking 
Days in the Applicable Period relating to such Interest Period 
from (and including) the Rate Switch Date (and "i" shall be 
construed accordingly); 
(bb) 
references to "daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate" were to 
the "daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate"; 
(cc) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" were references to 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event"; and 
(dd) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" were 
references to "OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date"; and 
(2) 
if, (A) in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the relevant 
Applicable Period, the Reference Rate is not published as provided in 
paragraph (1) above for the related Reference Rate Determination Date 
and (B) an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have both occurred (the first date on which (A) and (B) 
occur, being the "OBFR Switch Date"), then, in relation to each 
Reference Rate Business Day(i) falling on or after the later of the Rate 
Switch Date and the OBFR Switch Date, Reference Rate(i) shall be equal

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 109 - 
 
 
to the rate determined in accordance with the definition of Reference 
Rate(i) or Condition 4G(f)(v)(A) above (as applicable), but as if: 
(aa) 
references in Condition 4G(f) to "Reference Rate Business Day" 
were to "New York City Banking Day", but so that in the case 
of the Applicable Period in which the OBFR Switch Date 
occurred, "d0" shall be construed so that it means the aggregate 
of (x) the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the 
Applicable Period up to (but excluding) the OBFR Switch Date 
and (y) the number of New York City Banking Days in the 
Applicable Period relating to such Interest Period from (and 
including) the OBFR Switch Date (and "i" shall be construed 
accordingly); and 
(bb) 
references in Condition 4G(f) to the "daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website on the next 
succeeding Reference Rate Business Day for trades made on 
such Reference Rate Business Day" were a reference to the 
short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee, as published on the Federal Reserve's Website and 
as prevailing on such Reference Rate Determination Date, or if 
the Federal Open Market Committee has not set a single rate, the 
mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee, as published on the Federal 
Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such Reference Rate 
Determination Date (calculated as the arithmetic average of the 
upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target 
range, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest second decimal place 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards); 
(D) 
The Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) may at any time, specify 
any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (without prejudice to the further operation of 
this Condition 4G(f)(vi) and, for the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Series or of the Holders of the Coupons appertaining 
thereto shall be required in connection with effecting such changes, including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any 
of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). The Issuer shall promptly 
following determination of any changes pursuant to this Condition 4G(f)(vi) give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Calculation Agent) (in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(E) 
Definitions 
"designee" means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer. 
"Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System currently at http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any 
successor website; 
"Initial Interest Rate" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 110 - 
 
 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Reference Rate for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation date with respect to the Reference Rate for the applicable 
tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"New York City Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in New York City; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) ceases to 
publish the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate or the date as of which the daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to publish or provide a daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the 
daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to publish or provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies 
to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing 
swap transactions; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Overnight Reference 
Rate means (1) if the Reference Rate is SOFR, the time specified for such 
determination specified in the definition of the Overnight Reference Rate, and (2) 
if the Reference Rate is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's 
designee (in consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to the SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto. 
"SIFMA" means the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or 
any successor thereto;

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 111 - 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
ceases to publish the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(A) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to publish or provide a daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
(B) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions; 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation 
with the Issuer) as of the SOFR Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in 
consultation with the Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustments, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Reference Rate with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement Rate or a replacement rate determined in accordance with Condition 
4G(f)(vi)(B) above (the "Relevant Replacement Rate"), changes to (1) any 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Effective Interest Payment 
Date, Reference Time, Business Day Convention or Interest Period, (2) the 
manner, timing and frequency of determining the rate and amounts of interest that 
are payable on the Notes during the Interest Period and the conventions relating 
to such determination and calculations with respect to interest, (3) rounding 
conventions, (4) tenors and (5) any other terms or provisions of the Notes during 
the Interest Period, in each case that the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 112 - 
 
 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation 
with Issuer) determine, from time to time, to be appropriate to reflect the 
determination and implementation of Relevant Replacement Rate in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer (in consultation, to 
the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in 
consultation with the Issuer) decide that implementation of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or determine that no market 
practice for use of the Relevant Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) 
or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) determine is appropriate 
(acting in good faith)). 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Overnight Reference Rate (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR Transition 
Event," the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of the Overnight Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Overnight Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the SOFR Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Replacement Rate" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation 
with the Issuer) as of the SOFR Replacement Date. 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Reference Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation 
Agent) or the Issuer's designee (in consultation with the Issuer) as the 
replacement for the then-current Reference Rate for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Reference Rate for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a SOFR Replacement Rate means a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding 
business day adjustments) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Reference 
Rate.

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 113 - 
 
 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Reference Rate (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Overnight Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Overnight Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Overnight Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Overnight Reference Rate (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Overnight Reference 
Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Overnight Reference Rate (or such component), 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Overnight Reference Rate (or such component) or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Overnight Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Overnight Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Overnight Reference Rate (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Overnight Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Overnight Reference Rate 
announcing that the Overnight Reference Rate is no longer 
representative. 
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement Rate 
excluding the SOFR Replacement Rate Adjustment. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "€STR" or "SORA" is specified as the Overnight 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms: 
Subject always to the provisions of Condition 13A (Consequences of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event), if, in respect of any Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
in the relevant Applicable Period, the Overnight Reference Rate has not been 
published as provided in the definition thereof in respect of the related Reference 
Rate Determination Date (the "Relevant Reference Rate Determination Date"), 
Reference Rate(i) in respect of such Reference Rate Business Day(i) shall be the 
Overnight Reference Rate as determined on the Reference Rate Business Day 
preceding the Relevant Reference Rate Determination Date on which the 
Overnight Reference Rate has been published as provided in the definition 
thereof. 
4H. 
Calculation of the Range Accrual Factor 
(a) 
Application 
The Range Accrual Factor will be calculated by observing in the case of Notes for which Fixed 
Rate Note provisions, Floating Rate Note provisions, Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions, 
Digital Interest Rate Note provisions or Steepener Note Provisions apply, a rate calculated by 
reference to a single floating interest rate determined in accordance with Condition 4H(d) 
(Calculation of the Range Accrual Factor – Determination of Range Accrual Floating Rate) below.

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 114 - 
 
 
(b) 
Range Accrual Factor and application to Interest Amount 
The Range Accrual Factor for a Range Accrual Observation Period corresponding to an Interest 
Payment Date will be calculated as the quotient of (i) n, divided by (ii) N, expressed mathematically 
as: 
𝑛/𝑁 
where: 
• 
"n" in respect of an Range Accrual Observation Period corresponding to an Interest 
Payment Date is the number of Observation Dates within that Range Accrual Observation 
Period that the Accrual Condition is satisfied; and 
• 
"N", in respect of an Range Accrual Observation Period corresponding to an Interest 
Payment Date, is the number of Observation Dates within that Range Accrual Observation 
Period. 
(c) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
The Accrual Condition in respect of an Range Accrual Observation Period corresponding to an 
Interest Payment Date will be satisfied on any Observation Date within that Range Accrual 
Observation Period if: 
(i) 
the Range Accrual Floating Rate on such Observation Date is greater than or equal to the 
Corresponding Lower Barrier (where only a Corresponding Lower Barrier is specified in 
the Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Range Accrual Floating Rate on such Observation Date is less than or equal to the 
Corresponding Upper Barrier (where only a Corresponding Upper Barrier is specified in 
the Final Terms); or 
(iii) 
the Range Accrual Floating Rate on such Observation Date is greater than or equal to the 
Corresponding Lower Barrier and less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier, 
each, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
where: 
• 
"Corresponding Lower Barrier" means, in respect of the determination of any Accrual 
Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate, the percentage rate specified as being 
'Lower Barrier' applicable to such Range Accrual Floating Rate in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Corresponding Upper Barrier" means, in respect of the determination of any Accrual 
Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate, the percentage rate specified as being 
'Upper Barrier' applicable to such Range Accrual Floating Rate in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Observation Date" means each calendar day in each Range Accrual Observation Period, 
provided that, for each calendar day from the Range Accrual Observation Period Cut-off 
Date the Range Accrual Floating Rate will be deemed to be the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate on the Business Day prior to the Range Accrual Observation Period Cut-off Date. 
• 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means each Interest Period corresponding to an 
Interest Payment Date where Condition 4H (Calculation of the Range Accrual Factor) 
applies. 
• 
"Observation Period Cut-off Date" means the 5th Business Day prior to the end of the 
Range Accrual Observation Period or such other number of Business Days specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Range Accrual Floating Rate" means, in respect of any Observation Date in a Range 
Accrual Observation Period, the percentage rate of interest per annum for the relevant

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 115 - 
 
 
Observation Date calculated in accordance with Condition 4H(d) (Calculation of the 
Range Accrual Factor – Determination of a Range Accrual Floating Rate) below. 
(d) 
Determination of Range Accrual Floating Rate 
(i) 
The Range Accrual Floating Rate in respect of any Observation Date in a Range Accrual 
Observation Period: 
(A) 
where "Screen Rate" is specified as the Range Accrual Floating Rate Option, shall 
be determined with reference to the Reference Rate and Relevant Currency as of 
the Relevant Time on the Relevant Screen Page (each as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable to 'Range Accrual Floating Rate') in accordance 
with 'Screen Rate Determination' and Condition 4G(b) (Determination of a 
Floating Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA) will apply, and for these purposes the 
Interest Determination Date shall be each Observation Date and the Interest 
Period shall be equal to the period specified in the definition of the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Range Accrual Floating Rate, which Interest Period shall 
commence on the date which is customary for fixing the Reference Rate 
applicable to deposits in the Relevant Currency; or 
(B) 
where "Overnight Rate" is specified as the Range Accrual Floating Rate Option, 
shall be the Overnight Reference Rate determined in relation to such Observation 
Date (or, if such date is not a Reference Rate Business Day, the immediately 
preceding Reference Rate Business Day). Subject to sub-paragraph d(ii) below], 
the provisions of Condition 4G(f)(v), (vi) or (vii) (Determination of a Floating 
Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR and SORA) (as applicable) shall apply to any determination of the 
Overnight Reference Rate pursuant to this Condition 4H(d)(i)(B), provided that 
any reference to "Reference Rate Business Day(i) in the Applicable Period" or a 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
relevant Observation Date and References to "Reference Rate(i)" shall be deemed 
to be references to the Overnight Reference Rate. 
4I. 
Switch Option 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4I applies to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms specifies that the Switch 
Option is applicable and the Notes are not Zero Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Issuer Switch Option 
The Issuer may, at its option (the "Switch Option") if so specified in the Final Terms, by giving 
not less than the Switch Option Number of Business Days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, 
elect to switch the Note Interest Provisions from the Note Interest Provisions that apply to the 
Notes in respect of the Interest Period during which the Switch Option is exercised (the "Original 
Interest Provisions") to the Note Interest Provisions that are specified in the Final Terms to apply 
to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period following the Interest Period in which the Switch 
Option is exercised (the "New Interest Provisions"). 
The Issuer may exercise the Switch Option on any Business Day ("Switch Date") by giving not 
less than the Switch Option Number of Business Days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, such 
notice to specify the Switch Date. The Issuer may exercise the Switch Option only once during the 
term of the Notes. It may determine not to exercise the Switch Option. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of interest payable on an Interest Payment Date which is 
also the Switch Date will be an amount calculated pursuant to the Original Interest Provisions.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 116 - 
 
 
(c) 
Automatic Interest Switch 
If 'Automatic Interest Switch' is specified as being applicable to the Notes in the Final Terms then 
from the Interest Payment Date specified in the Final Terms as the 'Automatic Switch Date' (the 
"Automatic Switch Date") the Note Interest Provisions shall switch from the Note Interest 
Provisions that applied to the Notes prior to the Automatic Switch Date (the "Original Interest 
Provisions") to the Note Interest Provisions that are specified in the Final Terms to apply to the 
Notes following the Automatic Switch Date (the "New Interest Provisions"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of interest payable on an Interest Payment Date which is 
also the Automatic Switch Date will be an amount calculated pursuant to the Original Interest 
Provisions. 
(d) 
Effect 
Upon exercise of the Switch Option, the Note Interest Provisions applicable to the Notes will 
change with effect from (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the Interest 
Period during which the Switch Option was exercised from the Original Interest Provisions to the 
New Interest Provisions. If a Switch Date falls on an Interest Payment Date, the Note Interest 
Provisions applicable to the Notes will change with effect from (and including) the immediately 
following Interest Payment Date from the Original Interest Provisions to the New Interest 
Provisions. 
From, and including, the Automatic Switch Date (if applicable), the Note Interest Provisions 
Applicable to the Notes will change with effect from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to the Automatic Switch Date from the Original Interest Provisions to the New 
Interest Provisions. 
4J. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4J is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and if the relevant Final Terms specify that this 
Condition 4J shall be applicable to the Notes. 
(b) 
If any amount payable in respect of Zero Coupon Notes or a Zero Coupon Note in definitive form 
is improperly withheld or refused, the amount payable in respect of such Notes or Note in definitive 
form shall, subject to Condition 4J(c) below, thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) in the case of each Note in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal 
Amount Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Zero Coupon Note Reference Price or (B) in the case of Notes represented by a global 
Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes 
or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Aggregate Nominal Amount Zero Coupon Note 
Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to either (A) 
(where (A) of sub-paragraph (i) above applies) the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price or 
(B) (where (B) of sub-paragraph (i) above applies) the Aggregate Nominal Amount Zero 
Coupon Note Reference Price, in each case on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4J(b) 
and Condition 5(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) 
(or, if no such relevant Day Count Fraction is specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360 
shall apply) from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note or Notes up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment) and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 117 - 
 
 
of the Settlement Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention). 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
(c) 
Where (A) of Condition 4J(b)(i) above applies, if the denomination of such Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, or the Notes are represented by a global Note or Notes or 
are Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, the amount payable in respect 
of such Note or Notes shall be equal to the product of (1) the sum of Conditions 4J(b)(i) and 4J(b)(ii) 
above and (2) the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach such 
denomination or, as the case may be, Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount. 
4K. 
Publication and Notification 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4K is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period(s) for which 
Floating Rate Note provisions, Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions, Digital Interest Rate Note 
Provisions, Steepener Note Provisions or Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the Relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s), to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation if so required by the relevant rules of 
such authority, stock exchange or quotation system (as applicable) as soon as practicable after such 
determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse 
Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4D (Interest – Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions), 
Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note Provisions) or Condition 4F (Interest – Inflation Linked 
Interest Note Provisions) above as applicable) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Relevant Interest Period as a result of the early redemption or the termination of 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Option)), Condition 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholder (Put Option)), Condition 5(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for 
Illegality) or Condition 9 (Events of Default) or as a result of the provisions of Condition 7(f) 
(Payments – Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption) or Condition 8 (Redenomination). If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum denomination, the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum denomination. 
(c) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4D 
(Interest – Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note 
Provisions) or Condition 4F (Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions) above, as 
applicable, by the Calculation Agent will be made by the Calculation Agent and will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes.

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 118 - 
 
 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the redemption provisions applicable to the Notes 
are: 
• 
Fixed Redemption; or 
• 
Inflation Linked Redemption, 
(each, a "Final Redemption Type"). 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as 'Inflation Linked Redemption', the relevant Final 
Terms will also specify the details of any applicable Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Fixed Redemption 
This Condition 5(b) applies only to Notes for which the Final Redemption Type is specified to be 
'Fixed Redemption' in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at an amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") in the relevant Settlement Currency specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and calculated in accordance with, and subject to, Condition 5(l) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) below on the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the scheduled date on which such Note is to be redeemed (the "Maturity Date") 
(or, in the case of Instalment Notes, in such number of instalments on such dates ("Instalment 
Dates") and in such amounts ("Instalment Amounts") as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
(c) 
Inflation Linked Redemption 
This Condition 5(c) applies only to Notes for which the Final Redemption Type is specified to be 
'Inflation Linked Redemption' in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined on the Final Valuation Date by the Calculation Agent 
in the relevant Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms on the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the scheduled date on which such Note is to be redeemed (the 
"Maturity Date"). 
where: 
• 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by the Final Inflation Factor and calculated in accordance with, and subject to, 
Condition 5(l) (Redemption and Purchase – Calculation and Rounding) below. 
• 
"Final Inflation Factor" is determined by dividing: 
(a) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in the Final Terms as 
corresponding to the Maturity Date (the "Final Redemption Reference 
Month"); by 
(b) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in the Final Terms as 
corresponding to the Initial Valuation Date (the "Initial Redemption Reference 
Month"), 
provided that, if the Final Terms specifies 'Final Redemption Floor' to be 'Applicable', if 
the above calculation would result in the Final Inflation Factor being less than the Final 
Redemption Floor, then the Final Inflation Factor shall be deemed to be equal to the Final 
Redemption Floor. If applicable, the "Final Redemption Floor" means 1, unless another 
amount is specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 119 - 
 
 
If the Initial Valuation Date or the Maturity Date does not fall on the first calendar day of 
a month, and the Final Terms specifies that the Reference Month corresponding to such 
Initial Valuation Date or Maturity Date is subject to linear interpolation, the relevant 
Inflation Index Level corresponding to such Initial Valuation Date or Maturity Date shall 
be calculated using linear interpolation between (x) the Inflation Index Level for the 
Reference Month corresponding to such Initial Valuation Date or Maturity Date and (y) 
the Inflation Index Level for the calendar month following such Reference Month. 
• 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date falling 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
• 
"Inflation Index" means the index specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Inflation Index Level" means the level of the Inflation Index first published or 
announced for the relevant Reference Month, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to Condition 7(g) (Payments – Inflation Index Disruption Events). 
• 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index 
was reported, regardless of when this information is published or amended. If the period 
for which the Inflation Index was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month is the period for which the Inflation Index Level was reported. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If in respect of a Series of Notes Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, and: 
(i) 
on a subsequent date for the payment of interest on such Series of Notes the Issuer would 
be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
6B (Taxation – Gross-up); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer were to seek to redeem such Notes (for which purpose no regard shall be had 
to whether or not the Issuer would otherwise be entitled to redeem such Notes), the Issuer 
would be required to pay any additional amounts in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up); 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice (ending, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date) to the Noteholders in respect of such Series of 
Notes, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes, at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued and unpaid, if any, to the date fixed for redemption provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days (or in the case of Floating Rate Notes a 
number of days which is equal to the lesser of the aggregate of the number of days in the then 
current Interest Period plus 60 days and 90 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
The Issuer may exercise such option in respect of any Note notwithstanding the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof or the Issuer of their respective options to require the redemption of such Note 
under Conditions 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)) and 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder (Put 
Option)) respectively, below, if the due date for redemption under this Condition 5(d) would occur 
prior to that under Conditions 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option)) and 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholder (Put Option)), respectively, but not otherwise and, in such circumstances, the exercise 
of the option under Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option)) and 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholder (Put Option)), respectively shall be rendered ineffective. 
Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(d) the Issuer may obtain a 
certificate of an independent legal adviser or accountant to the effect either that such a circumstance 
does exist or that, upon a change in or amendment to the laws of the United Kingdom (including

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 120 - 
 
 
any regulations pursuant thereto), or in the interpretation or administration thereof, which at the 
date of such certificate is proposed and in the opinion of such legal adviser or accountant is 
reasonably expected to become effective on or prior to the date on which the relevant payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes would otherwise be made, becoming so effective, such 
circumstances would exist, and any such certificate shall be sufficient to establish the 
circumstances required by this Condition 5(d). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
Where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer, the Issuer may at any time (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes), on any 
Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), having given not less than five nor 
more than 30 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) redeem on an Optional Redemption Date (Call Option) all, or some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding on such Optional Redemption Date (Call Option) and at the Redemption Amount 
(Call Option) specified in the Final Terms as corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date 
(Call Option), together with interest accrued but unpaid thereon to the date fixed for redemption, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Conditions. 
If "Series Amount" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the amount payable upon such 
redemption in relation to each Calculation Amount in respect of the Notes shall be equal to such 
Redemption Amount (Call Option) divided by "N" where "N" means the result of dividing the 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes by the Calculation Amount. 
If the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with this 
Condition 5(e): 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes (other than a Note which is a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note), the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such European 
city as the Principal Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or in 
such other place as the Principal Paying Agent may approve and deem appropriate and 
fair, subject to the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(such redemption to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed (so far as may be practicable) 
pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect 
of each Note shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an appropriate 
multiple thereof, 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of each listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. 
Where a Minimum Redemption Amount (Call Option) and/or a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Call Option) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount (Call Option) shall 
not be less than the Minimum Redemption Amount (Call Option) and shall not be more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Call Option). 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect 
of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Condition 11 (Replacement, 
Exchange and Transfer) which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Notes as if 
such new Registered Note were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder (Put Option) 
Where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being redeemable at the option of 
Noteholders, then where a Noteholder has given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to 
the Issuer with a copy to the Issue Agent in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), the Issuer shall, following receipt of such notice from the Noteholder and 
confirmation from the Issue Agent that it has been duly notified, redeem on the Optional

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 121 - 
 
 
Redemption Date (Put Option), so many of the Notes in respect of which such Noteholder has 
exercised such option as are outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date (Put Option) and at the 
Redemption Amount (Put Option), together with interest accrued but unpaid thereon to the date 
fixed for redemption, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Where a Minimum Redemption Amount (Put Option) and/or a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Put Option) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount (Put Option) shall 
not be less than the Minimum Redemption Amount (Put Option) and shall not be more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Put Option). 
In order for any such notice given by a Noteholder to be effective, the Noteholder shall, on or prior 
to the date on which such notice is given, deposit the Note or Notes in respect of which such notice 
is given (together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Note, with any unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any Paying Agent, or, in the case of a 
Registered Note, the Registrar together with a duly completed redemption notice in the form which 
is available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar. The Holder of a Note may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of an exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under Condition 5(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 5(h) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality). 
(g) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If "Zero Coupon 
Accrual Yield and Reference Price" is specified as the Early Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount shall be an amount equal to the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the Zero Coupon Note Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Zero 
Coupon Note Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which the Note becomes due and payable. 
(ii) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of Condition 4J (Interest – Zero Coupon Note Provisions) and this Condition 
5(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) (or, if no 
such relevant Day Count Fraction is specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360 shall 
apply). 
(h) 
Early Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate its obligations under the Notes, if the Calculation Agent 
shall have determined that the performance of such obligations under the Notes (or the Issuer's or 
the Issuer's designated affiliates' obligations under any hedging arrangements established in 
connection therewith) shall have become unlawful or impracticable in whole or in part, including, 
without limitation, as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or request of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant obligations have become unlawful, the Issuer may 
obtain an opinion of an independent legal adviser to that effect prior to terminating its obligations 
under the Notes, and any such opinion shall be sufficient to establish the circumstances required 
by this Condition 5(h). In such circumstances the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the Early 
Redemption Amount. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices).

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 122 - 
 
 
(i) 
Purchases 
Each of the Issuer and any person directly or indirectly connected with the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, and such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, provided such Notes are held by the Issuer, at the option of the Issuer, reissued or 
cancelled. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Redemption and Purchase – At 
Maturity), Condition 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)), 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder (Put 
Option)), Condition 5(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) 
and Condition 5(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption for Illegality) shall, and all 
Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(j) may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). All Notes redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled as aforesaid may not be re-issued or resold. 
(k) 
No Other Redemption Provisions 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Condition 5(a) 
(Redemption and Purchase – At Maturity), Condition 5(d) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 5(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)), Condition 5(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the Option of the Noteholder (Put Option)), Condition 5(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) and Condition 5(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Redemption for Illegality). 
(l) 
Calculation and Rounding 
Any redemption amount payable on redemption of a Note (the "Redemption Amount") shall be 
calculated pursuant to this Condition 5 and in rounding any values determined or calculated in 
connection with such Redemption Amount, the Calculation Agent shall apply the following 
rounding conventions: 
(i) 
if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount Rounding" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the case of Notes represented by a global Note or global 
Notes or Notes which are in the form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, the Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated in relation to the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of 
the Notes represented by such global Note(s) or, as the case may be, such Uncertificated 
Registered Notes, rounded to the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) notwithstanding 
that the formula specified in the relevant Final Terms may provide for the Redemption 
Amount to be calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form or if "Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount 
Rounding" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Redemption Amount shall be calculated in relation to the Calculation Amount rounded to 
the nearest currency sub-unit (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention). 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, or the Notes are represented by a global Note or global Notes or Notes which are in the 
form of Uncertificated Registered Notes, the Redemption Amount shall be the product of (1) the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) payable in relation to the Calculation Amount 
and (2) the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination or, as the case may be, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount (or, in the case 
of Instalment Notes (as defined in Condition 2(b)(ii) (Form, Denomination and Title – Bearer 
Notes – General; Title)), the Specified Denomination or, as the case may be, the Aggregate

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 123 - 
 
 
Outstanding Nominal Amount as reduced in proportion with any reduction of the outstanding 
nominal amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the 
relevant Final Terms without any further rounding). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Taxation 
6A 
Taxation – No gross-up 
This Condition 6A will be applicable to all Series of Notes unless it is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms that Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to 
withhold or deduct, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in 
connection with such withholding or deduction. 
6B 
Taxation – Gross-up 
This Condition 6B will only be applicable to a Series of Notes where it is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms that Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is applicable. 
All payments by the Issuer of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, present or future, as are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom unless the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. 
In the event that the Issuer is so required by law to withhold or deduct, it will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, as the case may be, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes and/or, 
as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Note or Coupon who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of it having some connection with the United Kingdom or any other relevant 
jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
unless it is proved, in the case of Bearer Notes, to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Paying Agent to whom the same is presented, or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, to the satisfaction of the Registrar, that the Holder is unable to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by satisfying any statutory requirement or by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authorities or by notifying (and/or presenting evidence of such notification to) any tax 
authorities of such payment of principal or interest or by presenting the relevant Note or 
Coupon at the specified office of another Paying Agent; 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (defined below) except, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; 
(iv) 
in the case of Registered Notes, unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the Registrar that 
the Holder, immediately upon becoming the Holder, (i) was eligible for the benefits of a 
tax treaty with the United Kingdom or any other relevant jurisdiction that provides for a 
complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under the Notes, or (ii) was

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 124 - 
 
 
otherwise entitled to a complete exemption from withholding taxes on payments under 
the Notes; 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is not the sole beneficial owner of the 
Note or any Coupon, or a portion of either, or that is a fiduciary or partnership, but only 
to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner 
or member of the partnership would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional 
amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its 
beneficial or distributive share of the payment. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due 
but, in the case of Bearer Notes, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that 
effect shall have been duly given to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If the Issuer becomes resident for tax purposes in any taxing jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom, references in this Condition 6 (Taxation) to the United Kingdom shall be construed as 
references to the United Kingdom and/or such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest or both in respect of the relevant Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 6 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the principal amount payable on the relevant Notes on the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
the principal amount payable on redemption of the relevant Notes prior to such Maturity 
Date; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold 
or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 
1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or 
implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding"). The 
Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any 
FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a 
result of any person (other than an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made against presentation and (save in the case of partial payment or payment of an 
Instalment Amount (other than the final Instalment Amount)) surrender of the relevant Note or, in 
the case of payments of interest, surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (subject to the next paragraph). No payments on Bearer 
Notes will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account 
maintained by the Holder in the United States. 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes and exchanges of Talons for 
Coupon sheets will not be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States or 
its possessions (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations thereunder) 
unless (a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such Notes when due or, as the 
case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the Paying Agents outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 125 - 
 
 
and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United States law, in which case the 
Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Note is not both a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day and, if such Bearer Note is a Definitive Note or if the Final Terms so specify, 
a local banking day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next 
day which is such a day and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in 
respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
these Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A 
(Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), 
Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4D (Interest – Digital 
Interest Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note Provisions), Condition 4F 
(Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions) or Condition 4J (Interest – Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions), as appropriate. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Note which is a Definitive Note with Receipts will be made against presentation of the 
Note together with the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and if 
separated from the Note to which they appertain will not represent any obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of a Note without the relative Receipt or the presentation of a Receipt 
without the Note to which it appertains shall not entitle the Holder to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Instalment Amount. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note other than a Fixed Rate Note, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating to such Definitive Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
Definitive Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes should be presented for payment with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto, failing which the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that portion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total amount of principal due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment. Any amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 
years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) for the payment of such 
principal, whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due. 
Notwithstanding the above, if any Definitive Notes should be issued with a Maturity Date and an 
interest rate or rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any such Definitive Note without 
any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required to be 
deducted would be greater than the amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for 
redemption, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and no 
payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that the amount required to be 
deducted would not be greater than the amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application 
of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a 
Definitive Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing 
on earlier dates. 
Upon any Definitive Notes becoming due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date, all unmatured 
Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the due 
date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (save as provided above) in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(including any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription).

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 126 - 
 
 
Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for the 
payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
If (otherwise than by reason of the application of the above) the due date for redemption of any 
Bearer Note is not the due date for the payment of a Coupon appertaining thereto, interest accrued 
in respect of such Note from and including the last preceding due date for the payment of a Coupon 
(or from the Issue Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) will be paid only 
against surrender of such Bearer Note and all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Payment of the amount due on final redemption in respect of Registered Notes will be made against 
presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of any such amount, surrender of the relevant 
certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent. If the due date for 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any other redemption amount, as the case may be, of 
any Registered Note is not both a Relevant Financial Centre Day and, if such Registered Note is 
not in global form or if the Final Terms so specify, a local banking day, then the Holder thereof 
will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day and no further payment 
on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there 
is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions), Condition 
4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse Floating Rate 
Note Provisions), Condition 4D (Interest – Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4E 
(Interest – Steepener Note Provisions), Condition 4F (Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions) or Condition 4J (Interest – Zero Coupon Note Provisions), as appropriate. 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than on final redemption) 
in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first-named) as appearing in the Register at the close of business (local time in the place of the 
specified office of the Registrar) on the fifteenth day prior to the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). 
Payment will be made in the currency in which such amount is due either by cheque posted to the 
Noteholder's registered address (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) not later than the 
relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in 
the case of joint Holders, the first-named) has applied to the Registrar or to the Transfer Agent and 
the Registrar or, as the case may be, the Transfer Agent has acknowledged such application for 
payment to be made to a designated account denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency, in 
each case as specified in Condition 7(c) (Payments – Uncertificated Registered Notes) below. 
(c) 
Uncertificated Registered Notes 
The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid when due payments of principal and interest (if any) in 
respect of Uncertificated Registered Notes to the relevant Noteholder's cash memorandum account 
(as shown in the records of the Operator), such payment to be made in accordance with the rules 
of the Operator. Each of the persons shown in the Operator register of corporate securities as holder 
of a particular principal amount of Uncertificated Registered Notes must look solely to the 
settlement bank or institution at which its cash memorandum account is held for its share of each 
such payment so made by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
(d) 
General Provisions 
The following provisions apply to both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes (and do not apply to 
Uncertificated Registered Notes). Subject to Condition 7(e) (Payments – Payment of Alternative 
Payment Currency Equivalent) below, payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of Notes will be made in the relevant Settlement Currency either by cheque 
or, at the option of the payee, by transfer to an account in the relevant Settlement Currency specified 
by the payee other than, for payments in respect of Bearer Notes, any such account in the United 
States.

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 127 - 
 
 
Payments and deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 
(Taxation). 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer reserves the right to require any 
person receiving payment of principal or, as the case may be, payment of interest with respect to 
any Note or Coupon to provide a Paying Agent with such certification or information as may be 
required to enable the Issuer or any parent or holding company of the Issuer or any subsidiary of 
any such parent or holding company to comply with the requirements of the U.S. Federal Income 
Tax laws or such other laws as the Issuer or any such parent or holding company or subsidiary 
thereof may be required to comply with. 
(e) 
Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent 
If "Payment of Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then if by reason of a FX Disruption Event or a Clearing System Currency Eligibility 
Event the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of the Notes when due in the Settlement 
Currency, the Issuer may, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars or any other currency specified 
as the Alternative Payment Currency in the relevant Final Terms on the date falling the Alternative 
Payment Settlement Days after the due date at the Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent of 
any such amount due and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in 
respect of such postponed payment. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 7(e) by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. By acceptance thereof, purchasers of the Notes will be 
deemed to have acknowledged and agreed and to have waived any and all actual or potential 
conflicts of interest that may arise as a result of the calculation of the Alternative Payment Currency 
Equivalent by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption 
(X) 
If "Price Source Disruption" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then, if on any day on which the Calculation Agent is required to determine a Relevant 
Rate (a "Scheduled FX Fixing Date"): 
(A) 
a Price Source Disruption occurs, (other than as a result of an Unscheduled 
Holiday) the Calculation Agent shall: 
(1) 
determine the Relevant Rate by reference to the rate of exchange 
published by available recognised financial information vendors (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) on the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (the 
"Fallback Reference Price"); or 
(2) 
unless the Final Terms specifies Dealer Poll as not applicable, in the 
event that the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a Fallback 
Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (1) above or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fallback Reference Price so 
determined does not accurately represent the rate which the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Issuer would be able to obtain in the general 
foreign exchange market, the Calculation Agent will request four 
Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of their rate for the Relevant 
Rate as of the Scheduled FX Fixing Date. If at least two quotations are 
provided, the Relevant Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if (i) the Final Terms specify Dealer Poll as not applicable and the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a Fallback Reference Price in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above or the Calculation Agent

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 128 - 
 
 
determines that the Fallback Reference Price so determined does not 
accurately represent the rate which the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer would be able to obtain in the general foreign exchange market; 
(ii) the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Rate determined 
in accordance with paragraph (2) above does not accurately represent the 
rate which the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer would be able 
to obtain in the general foreign exchange market; or (iii) fewer than 2 
quotations are provided by Reference Dealers following the Calculation 
Agent's request pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Relevant Rate on the first succeeding Business Day 
on which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist; provided, however, 
that if the Price Source Disruption continues for thirty consecutive 
calendar days (or such other number of calendar days as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (the "FX 
Cut-off Date"), the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the Relevant Rate on that FX Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
an Unscheduled Holiday occurs (whether or not a Price Source Disruption also 
occurs), the Scheduled FX Fixing Date for such Relevant Rate and all other 
Relevant Rates which have the same Scheduled FX Fixing Date shall be 
postponed to the first succeeding Relevant Currency Business Day; provided, 
however that in the event that the Scheduled FX Fixing Date is postponed as a 
result of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday (a "Postponed FX Fixing 
Date"), and if the Postponed FX Fixing Date has not occurred on or before the 
thirtieth consecutive calendar day (or such other number of calendar days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) after the Scheduled FX Fixing Date (any 
such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after the Deferral 
Period that is or would have been a Relevant Currency Business Day but for an 
Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the Postponed FX Fixing Date and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the Relevant Rate 
on that Postponed FX Fixing Date. 
(Y) 
If at any time, a FX Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
may elect to either: 
(A) 
having given not less than five days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (and, if the FX Disruption Event occurs on a Scheduled FX 
Fixing Date on which there is a Price Source Disruption or Unscheduled Holiday, 
for the purposes of determining such Early Redemption Amount (if required) the 
Calculation Agent shall first determine any Relevant Rate (A) in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (X)(A) or (X)(B) above, as applicable, of this Condition 7(f) 
(Payments - Price Source Disruption and FX Disruption)), or otherwise (B) in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the date notified to the 
Noteholders; or 
(B) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as it 
determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or account for any market 
practice that develops in respect of the FX Disruption Event, 
provided, however that in relation to sub-paragraphs (Y)(A) and (Y)(B) above, if as a 
result of the FX Disruption Event the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments in respect of 
the Notes when due in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer may settle any such payment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 7(e) (Payments – Payment of Alternative Payment 
Currency Equivalent). 
(Z) 
Without prejudice to the Issuer's rights pursuant to this Condition 7(f), if on a Scheduled 
FX Fixing Date an FX Disruption Event occurs the Issuer may postpone determination of 
the Conversion Rate to the first succeeding Business Day on which the FX Disruption 
Event ceases to exist; provided however that if the FX Disruption Event continues for 
fourteen consecutive calendar days, the Conversion Rate will be determined on such

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 129 - 
 
 
fourteenth calendar day (or, if such day is not a Conversion Rate Business Day, on the 
immediately following Conversion Rate Business Day) as if such date were the 
Conversion Rate Fixing Date. 
If a Scheduled FX Fixing Date is postponed in accordance with this Condition 7(f), any Related 
Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that the Related Payment Date shall fall at 
least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of local banking days as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) following the postponed Scheduled FX Fixing Date or, if later, the FX 
Cut-off Date or Postponed FX Fixing Date, as applicable. 
Unless Interest Adjustment is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, no further 
payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any payment postponed 
pursuant to this Condition 7(f) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest payable in respect 
of the Notes on a Related Payment Date which is so postponed shall be calculated as if such Related 
Payment Date had not been postponed pursuant to this Condition 7(f)) unless, in the case of a Fixed 
Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with these Conditions, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note 
Provisions), Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4D 
(Interest – Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note 
Provisions), Condition 4F (Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions) or Condition 4J 
(Interest – Zero Coupon Note Provisions), as appropriate. 
(g) 
Inflation Index Disruption Events 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only in respect of the Interest Period for which 
Inflation Linked Interest Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable or in respect of the calculation of Final Redemption Amount in relation to Notes for 
which Inflation Linked Redemption is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Delay of publication 
If the Inflation Index Level for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of 
an amount payable in respect of a Note (a "Relevant Level") has not been published or 
announced by the relevant Valuation Date the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" (in place of such Relevant Level) by using the 
following methodology: 
(A) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level 
for the relevant Valuation Date as that taken by the calculation agent pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(B) 
if (X) Related Bond is specified as "Not Applicable" in the Final terms; or (Y) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level 
pursuant to paragraph (A) above for the relevant Valuation Date for any reason, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level as 
follows: 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 × (𝐿𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒/𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the relevant Valuation 
Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations and instead the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 7(g) will be the definitive 
level for the relevant Reference Month. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g) the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
• 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any 'flash' 
estimates) published or announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 130 - 
 
 
the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
• 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any 'flash' 
estimates) published or announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the 
month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being calculated. 
• 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any 'flash' 
estimates) published or announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of 
the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in 'Latest 
Level' above. 
(ii) 
Cessation of publication 
If the level of the relevant Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index (an "Inflation Index Cessation"), 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" (in lieu of any 
previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by 
using the following methodology: 
(A) 
if at any time (other than after the designation by the Calculation Agent of a date 
for the early redemption of the Notes pursuant to paragraph (D) below) a 
successor index has been designated by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor index shall be designated a 
'Successor Inflation Index' for the purposes of calculating the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount or for all subsequent Interest Payment Dates in respect of 
which Inflation Linked Interest Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the Notes notwithstanding that any other successor index may 
previously have been determined under the other subsections of this Condition 
7(g); 
(B) 
if: (i) a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under paragraph (A) 
above; (ii) there has been no designation of a date for the early redemption of the 
Notes by the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph (D) below; (iii) a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor 
specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation 
Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor; and (iv) the Calculation Agent 
determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of the previously applicable Inflation Index, then such replacement index shall be 
deemed to be the 'Successor Inflation Index' for the purposes of the Notes from 
the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(C) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined by the Calculation Agent 
under paragraph (A) or (B) above (and there has been no designation of a date for 
the early redemption of the Notes by the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph 
(D) below), the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index 
for such relevant Valuation Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor 
Inflation Index"; and 
(D) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, 
the Issuer may, by notice to the Noteholders, redeem on the Early Redemption 
Date or cancel all but not some only of the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of any Successor Inflation Index determined 
pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 7(g)(ii). 
(iii) 
Rebasing of Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at 
any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Inflation Index") will be used

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 131 - 
 
 
for purposes of determining the level of an Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; 
provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made 
by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, 
to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels 
reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there is no 
Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased 
Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation 
as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior 
payments made under the Notes. 
(iv) 
Material modification 
If, on or prior to the relevant Valuation Date the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index, the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments to the Inflation Index and/or the terms of the Notes consistent with 
adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if there is no Related Bond, only those 
adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(v) 
Manifest error in Publication 
If, within 30 days of publication, but no later than the relevant Valuation Date (as 
applicable) the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent will take such action as it may deem necessary and 
practicable to give effect to such correction. 
(h) 
Conversion 
If, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Settlement Currency is different from the Denomination 
Currency, any amount payable in respect of the Notes shall be converted into the Settlement 
Currency by using the relevant Conversion Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
General 
Where redenomination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and in respect 
of Notes denominated in a National Currency Unit, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, upon giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), designate a Redenomination Date. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
each Note shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of applicable law) 
be deemed to be redenominated into such amount of euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note in 
the Settlement Currency, converted into euro at the rate for the conversion of the relevant 
Settlement Currency into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with EC 
regulations); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that market practice in 
respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is 
different from that specified above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the 
changes that will be required so as to comply with such market practice and such changes 
shall be deemed to be effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which 
such notice is given to the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
if Notes are in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency 
(whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 132 - 
 
 
(the "Euro Exchange Date") on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Euro 
Exchange Notice") to the Noteholders that replacement Notes and Coupons 
denominated in euro are available for exchange (provided that such Notes and 
Coupons are available) and no payments will be made in respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Settlement 
Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other obligations 
of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to exchange such Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 8(a) (Redenomination – General) shall remain in 
full force and effect; and 
(C) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for Notes 
and Coupons denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency in such manner as 
the Issuer may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Euro 
Exchange Notice; 
(iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or 
after such date as the relevant Settlement Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) 
will be made solely in euro, as though references in the Notes to the Settlement Currency 
were to euro. Such payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account 
(or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the 
payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of any member state of the European 
Union; and 
(iv) 
such other changes will be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide to conform 
such Notes to conventions then applicable to Notes denominated in euro. Any such other 
changes will not take effect until after it has been notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of euro 
or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(b) 
Interest 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Redenomination – General): 
(i) 
where Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will 
be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes presented (or, 
as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the 
relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 
0.01; 
(ii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable annually, any interest required to 
be calculated for a period of less than one year in respect of the Notes shall be calculated 
on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days 
elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number of those days falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (b) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that the market practice in respect 
of internationally offered euro denominated securities is different from that specified 
above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that 
will be required so as to comply with such market practice and such changes shall be 
deemed to be effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which such notice 
is given to the Noteholders; 
(iii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes where interest is payable quarterly or semi-annually, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on any Interest Payment Date shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the principal amount of such Note, dividing

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 133 - 
 
 
the product by four or two (as the case may be) and rounding the figure down to the nearest 
euro 0.01. If interest is required to be calculated for any other period, it shall be calculated 
on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days 
elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (a) the number of those days falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (b) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines that the market practice in respect 
of internationally offered euro denominated securities is different from that specified 
above, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, and each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of the changes that 
will be required so as to comply with such market practice and such changes shall be 
deemed to be effective on the date which is 5 days following the date on which such notice 
is given to the Noteholders; 
(iv) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Amount payable in respect of the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to the principal amount of such Note during the Interest Period, multiplying the 
product by the actual number of days in such Interest Period divided by 360 and rounding 
the resulting figure down to the nearest euro 0.01; and 
(v) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for any subsequent Interest Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of provisions which it 
determines reflects the market practice in respect of internationally offered euro 
denominated securities. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing in relation to a Series of Notes: 
(a) 
there is a default for more than 14 days in the repayment of any principal due on the Notes 
of such Series or any of them or in the payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes 
of such Series or any of them, provided that it shall not be such a default to withhold or 
refuse any such payment (1) in order to comply with any fiscal or other law or regulation 
or with the order of any court of competent jurisdiction, in each case applicable to such 
payment or (2) in cases of doubt as to the validity or applicability of any such law, 
regulation or order, in accordance with advice given at any time during the said period of 
14 days by independent legal advisers acceptable to the Principal Paying Agent as to such 
validity or applicability; or 
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer in 
England (otherwise than in connection with a scheme of reconstruction or amalgamation 
the terms of which shall previously have been approved in writing by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Holders of the relevant Series of Notes), 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, effective upon the date of receipt thereof 
by the Issuer (such date the "Early Redemption Date"), declare the Note held by the Holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with interest accrued 
and unpaid until the date of its redemption, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice 
of any kind. 
10. 
Prescription 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years and 
five years, respectively, from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect 
thereof. Any monies paid by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the 
principal or interest in respect of any Notes or Coupons and remaining unclaimed when such Notes 
or Coupons become void will then revert to the Issuer and all liability of the Principal Paying Agent 
with respect thereto will thereupon cease.

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 134 - 
 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or Condition 7 
(Payments). 
11. 
Replacement, Exchange and Transfer 
Should any Note or Coupon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office (in the case of a Bearer Note or Coupon) of the Issue Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
and the relevant Final Terms, a Registered Note may be exchanged for a Registered Note or Notes 
of equal aggregate principal amount in such different authorised denominations as may be 
requested by the Noteholder by surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, together with a written request for the exchange. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Note, in definitive form, may be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that 
such part is, or is an appropriate multiple of, the minimum denomination set out in the Final Terms) 
by the Holder or Holders surrendering the Registered Note for registration of transfer at the 
specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a 
written instrument to transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, duly executed by the Holder or Holders thereof or his or their attorney duly authorised in 
writing. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be 
issued to the transferor. 
If so set out in the relevant Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Notes may exchange the same for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer 
Note for a Registered Note, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Note at the specified 
office outside the United States of the Principal Paying Agent or of the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent, together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Note so surrendered must be 
accompanied by all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of 
the next payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined below) where the 
exchange date would, but for the provisions of this paragraph, occur between the Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 7(b) (Payments – Registered Notes)) for such payment of interest and the date 
on which such payment of interest fall due. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Note or the exchange of 
a Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within three Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date 
or, as the case may be, the exchange date be available for delivery at the specified office of the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent, or, at the option of the Holder requesting such exchange or transfer 
be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as 
may be specified by such Holder. 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to the 
foregoing provisions, except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail or insurance 
charges that may be imposed in relation hereto, shall be borne by the Issuer. 
The Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, shall not be required to register the transfer 
or exchange of Registered Notes for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any payment 
of principal or interest in respect of such Notes.

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 135 - 
 
 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to Noteholders 
All notices to the Holders of Notes or the Coupons appertaining thereto will be valid: (i) if 
published, in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons, in one leading daily newspaper with 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe); 
(ii) in the case of Registered Notes, if mailed to their registered addresses (as advised by the 
Registrar) or to that of the first named of them in the case of joint Holders; provided that, in each 
case, in the case of Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
have been complied with; and (iii) in the case of Uncertificated Registered Notes, if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders at their respective addresses 
appearing in the Record and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing 
and, in addition, for so long as any Uncertificated Registered Notes are listed by or on a competent 
authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent authority or stock exchange so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the places or places 
required by that competent authority or stock exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or delivery or, if published more than once, on the date 
of the first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Holders of any Coupons appertaining to Bearer Notes will be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of such Bearer Notes in accordance 
herewith. 
(b) 
Notices from Noteholders 
Notices given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with 
relevant Note or Notes (if applicable), with the Principal Paying Agent or other Paying Agent or 
with the Registrar (as the case may be) at its specified office. 
13. 
Paying Agents, Calculation Agents, Issue Agents, Transfer Agents and Registrars 
(a) 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial 
Calculation Agents, the initial Issue Agent, the initial Transfer Agent, the initial Registrar and their 
respective initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, 
Issue Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Issue Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar acts, 
provided that: 
(i) 
so long as any Bearer Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal Paying 
Agent; and 
(ii) 
so long as any Registered Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Registrar and 
a Transfer Agent. 
(b) 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 7(a) (Payments – 
Bearer Notes). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of an insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after notice has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(c) 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions for 
the purposes of the Notes (including any determinations by the Calculation Agent as to the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes) shall be made in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 136 - 
 
 
(d) 
The Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issue Agent, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent 
shall not act as agents for the Noteholders but shall be the agents of the Issuer. All calculation 
functions required of the Calculation Agent under these Conditions may be delegated to any such 
person as the Calculation Agent, in its absolute discretion, may decide. 
13A. 
Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger Event 
(a) 
This Condition 13A shall apply except that where Condition 4G(f) (Determination of a Floating 
Rate – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR and 
SORA) is applicable and "SOFR" is specified as the Overnight Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, SOFR shall not constitute a "Relevant Benchmark" for the purposes of this Condition 13A. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in relation to a Relevant 
Benchmark relating to a Series of Notes, then: 
(i) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such Relevant 
Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
unless the Issuer determines that replacing the Relevant Benchmark with the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index would not produce a commercially reasonable 
result, references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be replaced 
with references to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index with effect from the 
Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(B) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions as it determines 
are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index in place of such Relevant Benchmark including, without 
limitation, to any variable, margin, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has not been specified in relation to such Relevant 
Benchmark in the relevant Final Terms or the Issuer determines that replacing the 
Relevant Benchmark with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index would not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Issuer shall do any of the following: 
(A) 
determine that references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be 
replaced by references to such index, benchmark or price source as the Issuer 
determines would have the effect of placing the Issuer in an economically 
equivalent position to that which it would have been in had the Benchmark 
Trigger Event not occurred (the "Replacement Index") (and in making such 
determination the Issuer shall be entitled to take into account such facts and 
circumstances as it considers relevant including, without limitation, (i) any index, 
benchmark or other price source which measures the same market or economic 
reality as the Relevant Benchmark and which is formally designated, nominated 
or recommended by the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or 
(ii) any index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, in each case to 
replace the Relevant Benchmark), in which case: 
(1) 
references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be deemed to be replaced 
with references to such Replacement Index with effect from the 
Benchmark Trigger Event Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions as it 
determines are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of 
referencing the Replacement Index in place of such Relevant Benchmark 
including, without limitation, to any variable, margin, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of 
the Notes; or 
(B) 
follow the steps for determining the relevant rate or level set out in the Relevant 
Reference Asset Fallback Provisions (if any); or

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 137 - 
 
 
(C) 
determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount on the date selected by the Issuer 
and give notice of such redemption to the Noteholders (with a copy to the 
Calculation Agent) in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices); 
provided, however, that if (1) it is or would be unlawful at any time under applicable law 
or regulation or (2) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each 
case, for any of the above provisions or determinations to apply to the Notes, then such 
provision shall not apply and the Issuer shall not make such determination (as the case 
may be) and the Issuer shall instead take any of the above actions that complies with the 
applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
(c) 
In making any determination under this Condition 13A, the Issuer shall take account of such facts 
and circumstances as it considers relevant, including, without limitation, prevailing market practice, 
any determinations made in respect of any of the Issuer's hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Notes (including, without limitation, in respect of any termination or re-establishment of hedging 
arrangements), and the Issuer's funding costs. Except to the extent such exclusion is prohibited by 
law, in the absence of fraud or gross negligence on the part of the Issuer, no liability will attach to 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 13A. 
(d) 
If the Issuer is not able to determine the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 13A on any Relevant Benchmark Determination Date, then the Relevant Benchmark 
Determination Date shall be postponed to such date as it is able to make such determination and 
any Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date will also be postponed, if needed, such that the 
Related Payment Date shall fall at least three (3) local banking days (or such other number of days 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the postponed Relevant Benchmark 
Determination Date. 
(e) 
No further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of any payment 
postponed pursuant to this Condition 13A (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest payable 
in respect of the Notes on a Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date which is so postponed 
shall be calculated as if such Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date had not been postponed 
pursuant to this Condition 13A) unless, in the case of a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note 
there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate Note Provisions), 
Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4C (Interest – Reverse 
Floating Rate Note Provisions), Condition 4D (Interest – Digital Interest Rate Note Provisions), 
Condition 4E (Interest – Steepener Note Provisions), Condition 4F (Interest – Inflation Linked 
Interest Note Provisions) or Condition 4J (Interest – Zero Coupon Note Provisions), as appropriate. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any replacement for a Relevant 
Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(A) or (b)(ii)(A) above give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii)(A)(2) (as applicable) to the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)). 
(g) 
Without prejudice to Condition 7(g)(iv) (Payments – Inflation Index Disruption Events – Material 
modification), if the definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant Benchmark in respect of a 
Series of Notes, or other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark in respect of a Series of 
Notes, is changed, then references to such Relevant Benchmark shall be to such Relevant 
Benchmark as so changed. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Master Note Issuance Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Holders 
of the Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Master Note Issuance Agreement) of a modification 
of the Notes or any of the provisions of the Master Note Issuance Agreement. Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer or by Holders of the Notes of any Series holding not less than five per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 138 - 
 
 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders of the 
Notes of any Series whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing a clear majority, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders of the Notes of 
any Series shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
Any modification of the Notes shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Modification 
Subject in case of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Master Note Issuance 
Agreement (as applicable) to the agreement of the other parties thereto, the Issuer may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement or the Master Note Issuance Agreement or the Conditions which is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders as a whole; 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or the 
Master Note Issuance Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
any modification of the Notes which is made to correct an inconsistency between the final 
terms and conditions of the Note issue (comprising these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms) and the relevant termsheet relating to the Notes. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Issuer may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to the substitution of a 
subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer or any subsidiary of any such holding company (the 
"New Issuer") in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes of any Series and the 
Coupons appertaining thereto (if any), provided that such Notes and the Coupons appertaining 
thereto (if any) are irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer. In the event of any such substitution, any 
reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall be construed as a reference to the New Issuer. Any 
such substitution shall be promptly notified to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) at least 15 days prior to such substitution taking effect. In connection with 
such right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the consequences of the 
exercise of such right for individual Noteholders resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon such Noteholder. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series or Holders of the Coupons appertaining thereto (if any) to create and issue further notes 
ranking equally in all respects with the Notes of such Series so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes for the time being outstanding.

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 139 - 
 
 
16. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes (including any Dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
redemption of the Notes or the consequence of their nullity).

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
10154051992-v35 
- 140 - 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES AND SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE 
IN GLOBAL FORM 
This section provides information regarding Notes issued in global form and issued into certain clearing 
systems. 
Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Tranches or Series 
comprising either Bearer Notes, Registered Notes or Uncertificated Registered Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The summary that follows is only in relation to Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes may be issued in the new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as set out in 
Part I and Part II of Schedule 1 to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or, if not intended to be issued 
in NGN form, will be issued in classic global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as set out in 
Part I and Part II of Schedule 2 to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or in such other form as the relevant parties may agree. 
The NGN form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner 
which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the Eurosystem, provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also 
announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form were to be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 would only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form was used. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the relevant clearing systems 
will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Bearer Notes treated as issued in bearer form for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be issued in 
accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D", which definition shall include any successor rules in substantially the 
same form as TEFRA D for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended), unless the relevant Final Terms provides that such Notes will be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) ("TEFRA C", 
which definition shall include any successor rules in substantially the same form as TEFRA C for the 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. internal Revenue Code). Bearer Notes issued in accordance with 
TEFRA D will be represented upon issue by a temporary global note in bearer form without interest coupons 
(a "Temporary Global Note"). Bearer Notes issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be represented upon 
issue by a permanent global note in bearer form without interest coupons (a "Permanent Global Note") or 
by a Temporary Global Note. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg ("Common 
Depositary"). Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ("Common Safekeeper"). Beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Note 
issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be exchangeable at any time and without any requirement for 
certification for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Bearer Notes"), in accordance with the terms 
of such Temporary Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interests in a Temporary 
Global Note issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be exchangeable either for Definitive Bearer Notes

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
10154051992-v35 
- 141 - 
 
 
or for interests in a Permanent Global Note, on or after the date which is 40 days after the date on which 
such Temporary Global Note is issued and upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof 
or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary 
Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of complying with TEFRA D, Bearer Notes may not be offered or sold to a United States 
person. "United States person" means any person who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen 
or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised under the 
laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or therein or (iii) an estate or trust the income 
of which is subject to United States taxation regardless of its source. 
The forms of Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Note (each, a "Global Note") will contain 
provisions applicable to the Notes represented thereby, some of which may modify the effect of the 
Conditions of the Notes. Certain of these are summarised in this section. 
All payments, if any, in respect of Bearer Notes when represented by a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note in CGN form or in NGN form, will be made against presentation and surrender or, 
as the case may be, presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents. On each occasion on which a payment is so made, the Issuer 
shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, record of such payment is noted on a schedule to the relevant Global 
Note and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In respect of Bearer Notes represented by Global Notes, each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each, an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for such 
Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. For so long as the 
relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes. 
The records of the relevant clearing systems which reflect the amount of Noteholders' interests in the Notes 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Notes. 
An exchange of a Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes or, as the case may be, a Permanent Global 
Note will be made only on or after the Exchange Date (as set out in the relevant Final Terms) and provided 
certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by the U.S. Treasury Regulations (in 
substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued 
in such circumstances by the relevant clearing system or depositary) has been received. 
The bearer of any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such Temporary 
Global Note for exchange (in whole or in part) for a Permanent Global Note or for delivery of Definitive 
Notes, such exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is 
continuing at the relevant payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes 
represented by such Temporary Global Note which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled 
to exercise any option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
If any date on which a payment of principal or interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche occurs whilst any 
of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related principal or interest 
payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by the U.S. Treasury Regulations (in substantially the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant 
clearing system or depositary) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Payments of 
amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Note will be made through any of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg without any requirement for certification. 
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged, at the cost and expense of the Issuer, by the Issuer 
in whole, for Definitive Notes (a) at the option of the holder of such Permanent Global Note, for Definitive 
Notes, if the Notes of the relevant Series become immediately repayable in accordance with Condition 9

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
10154051992-v35 
- 142 - 
 
 
(Events of Default), or (b) if any of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention to cease 
business permanently or in fact does so, or (c) at the option of the Issuer, (i) unless otherwise provided in 
the Final Terms, if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a 
change in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction which would not be suffered 
were the Notes in definitive form or (ii) where the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws of the United Kingdom, is or will be required to make any deduction or 
withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if the Notes were in definitive 
form. 
Where a Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes, then such Notes shall be tradable 
only in principal amounts of at least the denomination of the Notes (or if there is more than one 
denomination, the lowest denomination). 
The Issuer may, at any time in writing, waive or limit its right to exchange a Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes in the circumstances described in (ii) above, where the Issuer at its sole discretion 
considers such limitation or waiver to be desirable in respect of a particular Series of Notes. 
Definitive Bearer Notes will, if interest-bearing and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have 
Coupons and, if applicable, a talon for further Coupons attached. All Definitive Bearer Notes will, if the 
principal thereof is repayable by instalments, have endorsed thereon a grid for recording the payment of 
principal. 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8 (Redenomination): 
(i) 
if Notes are required to be issued in definitive form, they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer 
in the denominations of euro 0.01, euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and such other 
denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; and 
(ii) 
the amount of interest due in respect of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of such 
Notes and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01. 
All notices to the Holders of Notes or the Coupons appertaining thereto will be valid, in the case of Notes 
in global form, if delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein; provided that, in each case, in 
the case of Notes that have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system have been complied with. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
delivery or, if the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and publication is required under 
the applicable rules of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, on the date of 
publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication (or, if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). 
Holders of any Coupons appertaining to Bearer Notes will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of such Bearer Notes in accordance herewith. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes may be issued under the new safekeeping structure (the "NSS") or, if not intended to be 
issued under the NSS, will be issued under the classic safekeeping structure (the "CSS") or under such other 
structure as the relevant parties may agree. 
Following the introduction of the NGN form in June 2006, the Eurosystem required the ICSDs to review 
the custody arrangements for international debt securities in global registered form. Further to this review, 
the NSS has been introduced to allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner which 
will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the Eurosystem and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it had assessed

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
10154051992-v35 
- 143 - 
 
 
the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the NSS would be in compliance with 
the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the 
Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form would be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as from 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global 
registered form held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 would only 
be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the NSS was used. 
In the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the Notes will be issued in global 
form ("Global Registered Notes") held in specified clearing systems, as described below, or in definitive 
form ("Definitive Registered Notes"). 
Where the Global Registered Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NSS form, the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Registered Notes are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Regulation S Global Registered Notes 
In the case of a Series or Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold solely outside the United States (as 
defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S to non-U.S. persons, such Series or Tranche of 
Registered Notes may be represented by a Global Registered Note without interest coupons (a "Regulation 
S Global Registered Note"), which will be deposited on or about the issue date for the relevant Tranche 
with, and registered either in the name of the Common Depositary, or, in relation to Notes issued under the 
NSS, in the name of the Common Safekeeper (or its nominee). Interests in any Regulation S Global 
Registered Note will be exchangeable (in circumstances described below under "Exchange and Transfer of 
Global Registered Notes for Definitive Registered Notes") for Definitive Registered Notes ("Regulation S 
Definitive Registered Notes"). 
Each Regulation S Global Registered Note will have an ISIN code. 
Owner of Global Registered Notes and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement relating to directions, sanctions 
and consents of Holders of Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders of Notes, so long as Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, as the 
case may be, is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note for all purposes under the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement and the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, pursuant to 
Condition 7 (Payments), on Global Registered Notes will be made to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or such nominee thereof, or common service provider acting as agent for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or the registered holder thereof. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, or any 
Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the above or any person by whom any of the above is controlled for 
the purposes of the Securities Act will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in Global Registered Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Each such payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the Register at the close of business 
(in the relevant clearing system) on the business day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Registered Note is being held is open for business which is the business day of each such clearing system 
before the due date for such payment.

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Notes and Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
10154051992-v35 
- 144 - 
 
 
Exchange and Transfer of Global Registered Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in 
part, for Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes: (i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; (ii) the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate 
the book-entry system through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; (iii) the Notes become 
immediately repayable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default); (iv) at the option of the Issuer, 
if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change in the laws 
or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction which would not be suffered were the Notes in 
definitive form; or (v) if the Issuer so elects, where the Issuer or Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, 
or amendments to, the laws of the United Kingdom, is or will be required to make any deduction or 
withholding from any payment under the Notes which will not be required if such Notes were in definitive 
form. 
The holder of a Registered Note may transfer such Registered Note in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The holder of a Definitive Registered Note may transfer such Note by surrendering it at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Global Registered Note for 
Definitive Registered Notes for a period of 15 calendar days preceding the due date for any payment in 
respect of the Notes.

--- Page 155 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 145 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the template of the "Final Terms", a document which will be filled out for each issue of 
Notes and which will complete the terms and conditions in respect of each such issue of Notes. 
Final Terms dated: 
[•] 
HSBC Bank plc 
(a company incorporated in England with registered number 14259; the liability of its members is 
limited) 
Programme for the Issuance of Notes and Warrants 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): MP6I5ZYZBEU3UXPYFY54 
(Interest Rate Linked and Inflation-Linked Notes) 
[Further] Issue of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the existing Tranche[s] [•])] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2021 relating to Interest Rate 
Linked and Inflation-Linked Notes issued under the above Programme, together with each supplemental 
prospectus relating to the Base Prospectus published by the Issuer after 29 June 2021 but before the issue 
date or listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate which together 
constitute a base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Prospectus. However, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where the Offer 
Period for the Notes is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus: 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with (i) in relation to the period to and including 28 June 2022 (the 
"2021 Prospectus Expiry Date"), the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2021 relating to Interest Rate Linked 
and Inflation-Linked Notes issued under the above Programme, which together with each supplemental 
prospectus relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 29 June 2021 but before the 2021 
Prospectus Expiry Date, the issue date or the listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these 
Final Terms relate constitutes a base prospectus (the "2021 Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, and (ii) from but excluding the 2021 Prospectus Expiry Date, such base prospectus 
relating to Interest Rate Linked and Inflation-Linked Notes issued under the above Programme as is 
published by the Issuer in replacement of the 2021 Prospectus, which together with each supplemental 
prospectus relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after such publication but before the issue 
date or listing date of the Notes, whichever is later, to which these Final Terms relate constitutes a base 
prospectus (the "2022 Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes set forth in 
the 2021 Prospectus (the "Conditions") and which are or will be incorporated by reference into the 2022 
Prospectus. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]

--- Page 156 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 146 - 
 
 
[The following alterative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date: 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as per the [2020][2019][2018]2017][2016][2013] Note 
Conditions] (the "Conditions") which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [•] June 
2021 and are applicable to the Notes. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2021 together with 
each supplemental prospectus relating to the Programme published by the Issuer after 29 June 2021 but 
before the issue date or listing date of the Notes to which the Final Terms relate, whichever is later, which 
together constitute a base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. However, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business 
hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom and 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 and copies may 
be obtained from HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom. 
[The following alternative paragraph to be included instead of the above paragraph where the Offer 
Period for the Notes is expected to span the update of the Base Prospectus: 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and (i) in relation to the period to and including the 2020 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 
2021 Prospectus, and (ii) from but excluding the 2021 Prospectus Expiry Date, the 2022 Prospectus. Each 
of the 2021 Prospectus and the 2022 Prospectus are available for viewing from their respective dates of 
publication during normal business hours at HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom and www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 
and copies may be obtained from HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom.] 
[EU PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]

--- Page 157 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 147 - 
 
 
 [[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018") the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes 
are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] OR 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018") the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products).]] 
1. 
Issuer: 
HSBC Bank plc 
2. 
Tranche Number: 
[•] [The Notes issued under these Final 
Terms are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with [•] (the "Original Issue") 
issued on [•] [(ISIN)]: [•].] 
3. 
Currency: 
 
 
(i) 
Denomination Currency: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount [of Notes admitted 
to trading]: 
 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [•]][An 
amount as determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to [•] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount converted into the 
Settlement Currency at a rate of exchange 
of [•].] 
6. 
(i) 
Denomination(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Nominal 
Amount Rounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] [adjusted in accordance with Business 
Day Convention [and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]] [or, if later, the [fifth]

--- Page 158 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 148 - 
 
 
Business Day following the Conversion 
Rate Fixing Date] 
9. 
Interest basis: 
[[•] per cent. [and [•] per cent.] Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
10. 
Redemption basis: 
[Redemption at par/percentage of par] 
[Instalment] 
[Fixed Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Type of Interest: 
[Fixed Rate Note provisions] [Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Reverse Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Digital Interest Rate Note 
provisions] [Steepener Note provisions] 
[Inflation Linked Note provisions] [Zero 
Coupon Note provisions] 
12. 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Switch Option Number of Business 
Days: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Original Interest Provisions 
[Fixed Rate Note provisions] [Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Reverse Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Digital Interest Rate Note 
provisions] [Steepener Note provisions] 
[Inflation Linked Note provisions]  
 
(iii) 
New Interest Provisions 
[Fixed Rate Note provisions] [Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Reverse Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Digital Interest Rate Note 
provisions] [Steepener Note provisions] 
[Inflation Linked Note provisions]  
13. 
Automatic Interest Switch 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(i) 
Automatic Switch Date: 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Original Interest Provisions 
[Fixed Rate Note provisions] [Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Reverse Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Digital Interest Rate Note 
provisions] [Steepener Note provisions] 
[Inflation Linked Note provisions]  
 
(iii) 
New Interest Provisions 
[Fixed Rate Note provisions] [Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Reverse Floating Rate 
Note provisions] [Digital Interest Rate Note 
provisions] [Steepener Note provisions] 
[Inflation Linked Note provisions]  
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable subject to exercise of [Switch 
Option]

--- Page 159 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 149 - 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable following Automatic Interest 
Switch] 
 
 
[Applicable in respect of the period from 
and including [the Issue Date/the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•]] to but 
excluding [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•]][Switch Date][Automatic 
Switch Date]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. [per annum] [•] payable in 
arrear on [each] [the first] [•] Interest 
Payment Date [[and] [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on [•] [the last] Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [in each year] [•] [adjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention] [not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
 
(1) 
 
 
 
• 
Range 
Accrual 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Screen Rate][Overnight Rate] 
 
• 
[Overnight] Reference 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lower Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Upper Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Cut-off Date 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions]  
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 160 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 150 - 
 
 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Reference Rate 
only  
 
(2) 
Observation 
Number 
of 
Business Days: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Add On Interest: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Add On Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. [per annum]] [Screen Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination] [RMS Rate 
Determination][Non-Indexed 
Overnight 
Rate Determination] 
 
• 
[Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR] 
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(6) 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR] 
 
(7) 
ISDA Determination for Fall-
back provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fewer than minimum 
number of Reference 
Banks quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 161 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 151 - 
 
 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[  ] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
 
 
• 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(4)         2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(5)  
Applicable Benchmark: 
[    ] 
 
(6)  
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
(7) 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
(8)      Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[    ] [specify Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index details] [Not applicable] 
 
(9) 
Any other terms relation to the   
ISDA Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(10) 
ISDA 
Reference 
Banks 
Fallbacks: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
[(2) 
Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
(6) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]]

--- Page 162 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 152 - 
 
 
 
• 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Residual Designated Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
[(3) 
Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
(6) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
• 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Overnight Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] [[  ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][  ] 
[Business Day][●] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date][Each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the [second][  ] [Business 
Day][●] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 7 
(Payments)) – use for Payment Delay only] 
 
(3)  
RFR Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(4) 
Determination Method: 
[Compound Daily Rate – include if RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
applicable, or if this is the chosen 
determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
(5) 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][Lag][Lock-
Out][Payment Delay] 
 
(i) 
Observation 
Shift 
Option [Specify where 
Observation Shift is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][IDD Shift]

--- Page 163 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 153 - 
 
 
 
(6) 
Y: 
[365 -likely to be specific for USD][360 – 
likely to be specified for GBP][●] 
 
(7) 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift (Standard 
Shift) 
or 
Lag 
are 
applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(8) 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum – Specify only 
where ARRC fallbacks apply] 
 
(9) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than 
the final Interest Period, the date falling 
[two][•] [Business Days][●] following the 
Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the 
Notes. – include if Payment Delay is 
specified] [Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark Related Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•]] 
 
• 
Add On Maximum Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Add On Minimum Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Add On Leverage 
[1] [•] 
 
• 
Add On Spread 
[zero] [•%] 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Step-up: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Rate of Interest] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Interest Step-down: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Rate of Interest]

--- Page 164 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 154 - 
 
 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
[Applicable subject to exercise of [Switch 
Option] 
[Applicable following Automatic Interest 
Switch] 
[Applicable in respect of the period from 
and including [the Issue Date/the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•]] to but 
excluding [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•]][Switch Date][Automatic 
Switch Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating   
Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 4G(b)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR]  
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(6) 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR]

--- Page 165 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 155 - 
 
 
 
(7) 
ISDA Determination for Fall-
back provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fewer than minimum 
number of Reference 
Banks quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(4)         2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(4)  
Applicable Benchmark: 
[    ] 
 
(5)  
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
(6) 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
(7) 
Any other terms relation to the   
ISDA Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(ix) 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•]

--- Page 166 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 156 - 
 
 
 
• 
Residual Designated Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] [[  ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][  ] 
[Business Day][●] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date][Each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the [second][  ] [Business 
Day][●] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 7 
(Payments)) – use for Payment Delay only] 
 
• 
RFR Index Determination:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
• 
Determination Method: 
[Compound Daily Rate – include if RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
applicable, or if this is the chosen 
determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][Lag][Lock-
Out][Payment Delay] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Option [Specify where 
Observation Shift is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][IDD Shift] 
 
• 
Y: 
[365 -likely to be specific for USD][360 – 
likely to be specified for GBP][●]

--- Page 167 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 157 - 
 
 
 
• 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift (Standard 
Shift) 
or 
Lag 
are 
applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
• 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum – Specify only 
where ARRC fallbacks apply] 
 
• 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than 
the final Interest Period, the date falling 
[two][•] [Business Days][●] following the 
Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the 
Notes. – include if Payment Delay is 
specified] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xi) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark Related Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(xiii) 
Leverage: 
[1][•] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin: 
[zero][•%][Margin 
Step-up 
is 
Applicable][Margin 
Step-down 
is 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Margin Step-up: 
 
 
 
[Relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Margin] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
• 
Margin Step-down: 
 
 
 
[Relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Margin] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 168 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 158 - 
 
 
 
(xviii) Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
 
(1) 
 
 
 
• 
Range 
Accrual 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Screen Rate][Overnight Rate] 
 
• 
[Overnight] Reference 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lower Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Upper Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Cut-off Date 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions]  
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
(2) 
Observation 
Number 
of 
Business Days: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Add On Interest: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Add On Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. [per annum]] [Screen Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination] [RMS Rate 
Determination][Non-Indexed 
Overnight 
Rate Determination] 
 
• 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR]

--- Page 169 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 159 - 
 
 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR]  
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(6) 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR] 
 
(7) 
ISDA Determination for Fall-
back provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fewer than minimum 
number of Reference 
Banks quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(4)         2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(4)  
Applicable Benchmark: 
[    ] 
 
(5)  
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
(6) 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
(7) 
Any other terms relation to the   
ISDA Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 170 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 160 - 
 
 
 
• 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
[(2) 
Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
(6) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
• 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Residual Designated Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
[(3) 
Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
(6) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
• 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Overnight Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] [[  ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][  ] 
[Business Day][●] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date][Each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the [second][  ] [Business 
Day][●] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 7 
(Payments)) – use for Payment Delay only] 
 
(3)  
RFR Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(4) 
Determination Method: 
[Compound Daily Rate - include if RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
applicable, or if this is the chosen 
determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate]

--- Page 171 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 161 - 
 
 
 
(5) 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][Lag][Lock-
Out][Payment Delay] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Option [Specify where 
Observation Shift is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][IDD Shift] 
 
(6) 
Y: 
[365 - likely to be specific for USD][360 – 
likely to be specified for GBP][●] 
 
(7) 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift (Standard 
Shift) 
or 
Lag 
are 
applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(8) 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
• 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum – Specify only 
where ARRC fallbacks apply] 
 
(9) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than 
the final Interest Period, the date falling 
[two][•] [Business Days][●] following the 
Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the 
Notes. – include if Payment Delay is 
specified] [Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark Related Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•]] 
 
• 
Add On Maximum Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Add On Minimum Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Add On Leverage  
[1] [•] 
 
• 
Add On Margin  
[zero] [•%] 
 
(xx) 
Details of any short or long Relevant 
Interest Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Linear Interpolation: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
16. 
Reverse Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]

--- Page 172 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 162 - 
 
 
[Applicable subject to exercise of [Switch 
Option] 
[Applicable following Automatic Interest 
Switch] 
[Applicable in respect of the period from 
and including [the Issue Date/the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•]] to but 
excluding [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•]][Switch Date][Automatic 
Switch Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR]  
 
(2) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(4) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(5) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(6) 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR] 
 
(7) 
ISDA Determination for Fall-
back provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 173 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 163 - 
 
 
 
• 
Fewer than minimum 
number of Reference 
Banks quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(1) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(3) 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(4)         2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(4)  
Applicable Benchmark: 
[    ] 
 
(5)  
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
(6) 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
(7) 
Any other terms relation to the   
ISDA Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(ix) 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Residual Designated Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 174 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 164 - 
 
 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] [[  ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][  ] 
[Business Day][●] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date][Each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the [second][  ] [Business 
Day][●] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 7 
(Payments)) – use for Payment Delay only] 
 
• 
RFR Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
• 
Determination Method: 
[Compound Daily Rate - include if RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
applicable, or if this is the chosen 
determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][Lag][Lock-
Out][Payment Delay] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Option [Specify where 
Observation Shift is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][IDD Shift] 
 
• 
Y: 
[365 -likely to be specific for USD][360 – 
likely to be specified for GBP][●] 
 
• 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift (Standard 
Shift) 
or 
Lag 
are 
applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
• 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum – Specify only 
where ARRC fallbacks apply]

--- Page 175 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 165 - 
 
 
 
• 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than 
the final Interest Period, the date falling 
[two][•] [Business Days][●] following the 
Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the 
Notes. – include if Payment Delay is 
specified] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xi) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark Related Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(xiii) 
Leverage: 
[1][•] 
 
(xiv) 
Reverse Fixed Interest Rate: 
[zero][•%] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
 
(1) 
 
 
 
• 
Range 
Accrual 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Screen Rate][Overnight Rate] 
 
• 
[Overnight] Reference 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lower Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Upper Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Cut-off Date 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions]

--- Page 176 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 166 - 
 
 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
(2) 
Observation 
Number 
of 
Business Days: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Details of any short or long Relevant 
Interest Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Linear Interpolation: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
17. 
Digital Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
[Applicable subject to exercise of [Switch 
Option] 
[Applicable following Automatic Interest 
Switch] 
[Applicable in respect of the period from 
and including [the Issue Date/the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•]] to but 
excluding [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•]][Switch Date][Automatic 
Switch Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 177 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 167 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Digital Rate 1: 
 
 
(1) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[•]%][Not Applicable] 
 
[Interest Payment Date:] 
[•] 
 
[Fixed Rate (%):] 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR]  
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR] 
 
• 
ISDA Determination 
for 
Fall-back 
provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fewer 
than 
minimum 
number 
of 
Reference 
Banks 
quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local banking 
days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
[3][•]

--- Page 178 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 168 - 
 
 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequence
s 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event): 
 
(3) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[    ] 
 
• 
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
• 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
• 
Any 
other 
terms 
relation to the     ISDA 
Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(4) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(5) 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 179 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 169 - 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(6) 
Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 
4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] [[  ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][  ] 
[Business Day][●] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date][Each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the [second][  ] [Business 
Day][●] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 7 
(Payments)) – use for Payment Delay only] 
 
• 
RFR 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
• 
Determination 
Method: 
[Compound Daily Rate - include if RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
applicable, or if this is the chosen 
determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][Lag][Lock-
Out][Payment Delay] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Option 
[Specify 
where 
Observation 
Shift 
is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen determination method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][IDD Shift] 
 
• 
Y: 
[365 -likely to be specific for USD][360 – 
likely to be specified for GBP][●]

--- Page 180 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 170 - 
 
 
 
• 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift (Standard 
Shift) 
or 
Lag 
are 
applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
• 
Initial Interest 
Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum – Specify only 
where ARRC fallbacks apply] 
 
• 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than 
the final Interest Period, the date falling 
[two][•] [Business Days][●] following the 
Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the 
Notes. – include if Payment Delay is 
specified] [Not Applicable]  
 
[(7) 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(8) 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•]] 
 
[(6)/(7)] Digital Leverage 1: 
[1] [•] 
 
[(7)/(8)] Digital Rate 1 Spread: 
[zero] [•%] 
 
(vii) 
Digital Rate 2: 
 
 
(1) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[•]%][Not Applicable] 
 
[Interest Payment Date:] 
[•] 
 
[Fixed Rate (%):] 
[•] 
 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR]  
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•]

--- Page 181 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 171 - 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR] 
 
• 
ISDA Determination 
for 
Fall-back 
provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Fewer 
than 
minimum 
number 
of 
Reference 
Banks 
quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local banking 
days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequence
s 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(3) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[    ]

--- Page 182 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 172 - 
 
 
 
• 
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
• 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
• 
Any 
other 
terms 
relation to the     ISDA 
Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(4) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(5) 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(6) 
Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 
4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] [[  ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][  ] 
[Business Day][●] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date][Each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the [second][  ] [Business 
Day][●] falling prior to Interest Payment

--- Page 183 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 173 - 
 
 
Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 7 
(Payments)) – use for Payment Delay only] 
 
• 
RFR 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
• 
Determination 
Method: 
[Compound Daily Rate - include if RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
applicable, or if this is the chosen 
determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][Lag][Lock-
Out][Payment Delay] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Option 
[Specify 
where 
Observation 
Shift 
is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift - include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or 
if this is the chosen observation method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination 
is 
specified as not applicable][IDD Shift] 
 
• 
Y: 
[365 -likely to be specific for USD][360 – 
likely to be specified for GBP][●] 
 
• 
"p": 
[Specify if Observation Shift (Standard 
Shift) 
or 
Lag 
are 
applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
• 
Initial Interest 
Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum – Specify only 
where ARRC fallbacks apply] 
 
• 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than 
the final Interest Period, the date falling 
[two][•] [Business Days][●] following the 
Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the 
Notes. – include if Payment Delay is 
specified] [Not Applicable]  
 
[(7) 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(8) 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
[3][•]]

--- Page 184 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 174 - 
 
 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
 
[(6)/(7)] Digital Leverage 2: 
[1] [•] 
 
[(7)/(8)] Digital Rate 2 Spread: 
[zero] [•%] 
 
(viii) 
Digital Reference Rate: 
 
 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SORA 
(Condition 4G(b)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month] 
[BA] 
[BBR] 
[BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] 
[JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] 
[STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR]  
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [COP] [CZK] [DKK] 
[EUR] [GBP] [HKD] [HUF] [ILS] [JPY] 
[MXN] [NOK] [NZD] [PLN] [RUB] [SEK] 
[SGD] [TRY] [USD] [ZAR] 
 
• 
ISDA Determination 
for 
Fall-back 
provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
• 
Fewer 
than 
minimum 
number 
of 
Reference 
Banks 
quoting: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
[•] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 185 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 175 - 
 
 
nominated 
Index: 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local banking 
days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
Related 
Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequence
s 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(2) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Benchmark: 
[    ] 
 
• 
Fixing Day:  
[    ] 
 
• 
Fixing Time:  
[    ] 
 
• 
Any 
other 
terms 
relation to the     ISDA 
Definitions: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Reference 
Banks Fallbacks: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(3) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time

--- Page 186 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 176 - 
 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(4) 
RMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Interest Period: 
Residual 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
(5) 
Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SORA (Condition 
4G(f)): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
RFR 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
(6) 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(7) 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(ix) 
Digital Strike: 
Relevant Interest 
Payment Date: 
Digital Strike: 
 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
 
 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 187 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 177 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
 
(1) 
 
 
 
• 
Range 
Accrual 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Screen Rate][Overnight Rate] 
 
• 
[Overnight] Reference 
Rate: 
[•]  
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lower Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Upper Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Cut-off Date 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions]  
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
(2) 
Observation 
Number 
of 
Business Days: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 188 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 178 - 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Details of any short or long Relevant 
Interest Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Steepener Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable subject to exercise of [Switch 
Option] 
 
 
[Applicable following Automatic Interest 
Switch] 
 
 
[Applicable in respect of the period from 
and including [the Issue Date/the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•]] to but 
excluding [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•]][Switch Date][Automatic 
Switch Date]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Spread Linked Rate 1: 
CMS Rate Determination 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[ICE Swap Rate] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[1 year] [2 year] [5 year] [10 year] [20 year] 
[30 year]  
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•]

--- Page 189 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 179 - 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Spread Linked Rate 2: 
CMS Rate Determination 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[ICE Swap Rate] 
 
• 
[Relevant Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[1 year] [2 year] [5 year] [10 year] [20 year] 
[30 year]  
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[a.m.]/[p.m.] [•] time 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(viii) 
Leverage: 
[1][•] 
 
(ix) 
Spread: 
[zero][•%] 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per [•] [annum]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
 
(1) 
 
 
 
• 
Range 
Accrual 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Screen Rate][Overnight Rate] 
 
• 
[Overnight] Reference 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Currency: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[•][Not Applicable]

--- Page 190 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 180 - 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lower Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Upper Barrier: 
[•] [Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Cut-off Date 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions]  
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number 
of 
local 
banking days for the 
purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark 
Related Payment Date 
pursuant to Condition 
13A(d) (Consequences 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
• 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] – May be 
applicable if SOFR is the Overnight 
Reference Rate only 
 
(2) 
Observation 
Number 
of 
Business Days: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Details of any short or long Relevant 
Interest Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable subject to exercise of [Switch 
Option] 
 
 
[Applicable following Automatic Interest 
Switch] 
 
 
[Applicable in respect of the period from 
and including [the Issue Date/the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•]] to but 
excluding [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•]][Switch Date][Automatic 
Switch Date]] 
 
 
[Inflation Index Change is applicable] / 
[Inflation Index Factor is applicable] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day

--- Page 191 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 181 - 
 
 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Inflation Index: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Month: 
[Single Initial Reference Month: [•]] 
 
 
[Relevant Interest 
Payment Date:] 
[Reference Month:] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Relevant Number of Calendar Months: [•]] 
 
(ix) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable. Related Bond is [•]] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
(x) 
Leverage: 
[1][•] 
 
(xi) 
Spread: 
[zero][•%] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark Related Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•] 
20. 
Zero Coupon Note provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Condition 4J (Interest – Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Zero Coupon Note Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payments: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [[(Condition 4J 
(Interest – Zero Coupon Note Provisions))] 
[and] [Condition 5(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) apply)]]

--- Page 192 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 182 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [FRN Convention/Floating 
Rate Convention/Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Issuer's optional redemption (Call Option): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount (Call Option): 
[The percentage per Calculation Amount as 
specified in the table below] [Fair Market 
Value] 
 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Call 
Option)] 
[Redemption Amount (Call Option)] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Series redeemable in part: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Fair Market 
Value] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Call 
Option): 
[•] 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Date (Call Option): 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•]] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption Amount (Call 
Option): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Call 
Option): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Series Amount: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Noteholder's optional redemption (Put Option): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount (Put Option): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Fair Market 
Value] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Put 
Option): 
[•]

--- Page 193 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 183 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Redemption Amount (Put 
Option): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Put 
Option): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
23. 
Inflation Linked Redemption provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Index Sponsor 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Initial Redemption Reference Month: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Final Redemption Reference Month: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Final Redemption Floor: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Related Bond: 
[•] [As specified in the Conditions]] 
 
(viii) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Number of local banking days for the 
purpose 
of 
postponing 
Relevant 
Benchmark Related Payment Date 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event): 
[3][•] 
24. 
Final Redemption Type: 
[Fixed Redemption] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
25. 
Fixed Redemption provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Final Redemption Amount of each Note:] 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
[[•] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
26. 
Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Instalment Date(s) and corresponding Instalment 
Amount(s): 
Instalment Date 
Instalment Amount 
[•] 
[•] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(upon 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
illegality): 
(Condition 
5(b) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Fixed Redemption) or 5(d) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
–
Redemption for Taxation Reasons)) 
[[    ] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
[Fair Market Value] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption for Impracticability: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 184 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
upon 
redemption following inflation index 
disruption events: 
(Condition 7(g) (Payments – Inflation 
Index Disruption Events)) 
[[•] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and Reference 
Price] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount following an 
Event of Default: 
(Condition 9 (Events of Default) or 
13(a) (Paying Agents, Calculation 
Agents, Issue Agents, Transfer Agents 
and Registrars)) 
[[•] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and Reference 
Price] 
 
• 
[Fair Market Value Floor: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fair Market Value Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount following an 
FX Disruption Event or Benchmark 
Trigger Event: 
(Condition 7(f) (Payments – Price 
Source Disruption and FX Disruption) 
or 13(a) (Paying Agents, Calculation 
Agents, Issue Agents, Transfer Agents 
and Registrars)) 
[[•] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and Reference 
Price] 
28. 
Taxation: 
(Condition 6 (Taxation)) 
[Condition 6B (Taxation – Gross-up) is 
applicable] [Condition 6B (Taxation –
Gross-up) is not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes] 
[Registered 
Notes] 
[Uncertificated Registered Notes] 
30. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
31. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
32. 
If issued in bearer form: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note: 
[Temporary] [Permanent] Global Note 
 
(ii) 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Permanent Global Note and/or 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only in limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
(iii) 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable at 
the option of the Issuer in circumstances 
where the Issuer would suffer a material 
disadvantage following a change of law 
or regulation: 
[Yes] [No. Paragraph (c) of the Permanent 
Global Note does not apply. The Issuer may 
not elect to exchange a Permanent Global 
Note 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the

--- Page 195 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 185 - 
 
 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) of 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
(iv) 
Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
33. 
Exchange Date for exchange of Temporary 
Global Note: 
[•] [Not earlier than 40 days after the Issue 
Date] 
34. 
If issued in registered form (other than 
Uncertificated Registered Notes): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initially represented by: 
[Regulation S Global Registered Note] 
[Regulation S Definitive Registered Note] 
 
• 
Regulation S Global Registered Note 
exchangeable at the option of the Issuer 
in circumstances where the Issuer would 
suffer a material disadvantage following 
a change of law or regulation: 
[Yes] [No. Paragraph (d) of the Regulation 
S Global Registered Note does not apply. 
The Issuer may not elect to exchange a 
Regulation S Global Registered Note for 
Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes in 
the circumstances described in paragraph 
(d) of the Regulation S Global Registered 
Note.] 
35. 
Payments: 
 
 
(i) 
Relevant Financial Centre Day: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Business Centre(s) 
[In respect of the [Final Redemption 
Amount] [Early Redemption Amount] 
[Redemption 
Amount 
(Call 
Option)] 
[Redemption 
Amount 
(Put 
Option)] 
[Instalment Amount] [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Payment 
of 
Alternative 
Payment 
Currency Equivalent: 
[Applicable [ - The rate of exchange 
between the Settlement Currency and 
Alternative Payment Currency will be 
expressed as the number of units of 
[Alternative Payment Currency/Settlement 
Currency] per one unit of [Settlement 
Currency/Alternative Payment Currency].]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cross 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Cross Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Cross Currency Jurisdiction: 
[•] 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative Payment Currency: 
[•]

--- Page 196 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 186 - 
 
 
 
• 
Alternative Payment Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative Payment Currency 
Fixing Date: 
[•] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] [The 
relevant 
[jurisdictions/places] 
for 
the 
purposes of the Alternative Payment 
Currency Fixing Date are [•]] 
 
• 
Alternate Payment Settlement 
Days: 
[•] local banking days 
 
• 
Offshore RMB Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [Singapore] [Taiwan] [•] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(iv) 
Conversion provisions: 
[Applicable. [The Conversion Rate is [•]][ - 
The rate of exchange between the 
Denomination Currency and Settlement 
Currency will be expressed as the number 
of 
units 
of 
[Denomination 
Currency/Settlement Currency] per one unit 
of 
[Settlement 
Currency/Denomination 
Currency].]][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Conversion 
Rate 
Business 
Days: 
[•] 
[the 
definition 
in 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) applies] 
 
• 
Conversion Rate Fixing Date: 
[•] 
[the 
definition 
in 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) applies] 
 
• 
Conversion 
Currency 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cross Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Cross Currency Jurisdiction: 
[•] 
 
• 
Conversion Rate Fixing Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Conversion Rate Fixing Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Denomination 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[•]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 187 - 
 
 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Relevant Benchmark Related 
Payment Date pursuant to 
Condition 
13A(d) 
(Consequences of a Benchmark 
Trigger Event): 
[3][•] 
 
(v) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Cut-off Date: 
[•] [Condition 1 (Definitions) applies] 
 
• 
Number of local banking days 
for the purpose of postponing 
Related Payment Dates  
[3] [•] 
 
• 
Dealer Poll: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
and 
Deferral Period: 
[The 
number 
of 
Relevant 
Currency 
Business Days for the purpose of the 
definition of Unscheduled Holiday in 
Condition 1 (Definitions) is [•] [and the 
number of calendar days for the purposes of 
the Deferral Period is [•] [as per Condition 
1 (Definitions)]] 
 
• 
Interest Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prevailing Spot Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
36. 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
CONFIRMED 
HSBC BANK PLC 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Authorised Signatory 
Date: ...........................................................................

--- Page 198 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 188 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [will be] [has been] made to admit the Notes 
to listing on [the Official List of Euronext Dublin] [and] 
[the official list of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]. No assurance 
can be given as to whether or not, or when, such 
application will be granted.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[The Original Issue was admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin on [•].] [Application 
[will be] [has been] made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of Euronext Dublin] 
[and] [the Electronic Bond Market, being the regulated 
market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT")]. No 
assurance can be given as to whether or not, or when, such 
application will be granted.] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
of admission to trading: 
[•]] 
2. 
[RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated.] [The Notes [have been][are 
expected on issue to be] rated [•]] 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [•]] 
3. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES AND TAXES SPECIFICALLY CHARGED TO 
THE SUBSCRIBER OR PURCHASER 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and 
use of proceeds: 
[The 
Notes 
are 
specified 
as 
being 
["Green 
Bonds"]["Social Bonds"]["Sustainable Bonds"] and an 
amount of funding equivalent to the net proceeds from the 
sale of the Notes will be used as described in "Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds" in the Base 
Prospectus. The Applicable Framework is the [HSBC 
Green Bond Framework][SDG Bond Framework].]    
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
and 
taxes 
specifically 
charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[•]] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[The Notes may be on-sold by the Dealer(s) to the Initial Authorised Offerors at a discount to 
the Issue Price of [up to] [•%]. Such discount (the "re-offer spread") will be retained by the 
Initial Authorised Offerors.] 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s)[and][[S/s]ave for the re-offer spread retained by the 
Initial Authorised Offerors], no person involved in the issue of the Notes has, so far as the Issuer 
is aware, an interest material to the [issue/offer]. The Dealer(s) and [its][their] affiliates have

--- Page 199 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 189 - 
 
 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Information on past and future performance and volatility of the [BA] [BBR] [BUBOR] 
[CIBOR] [EIBOR] [EURIBOR] [HIBOR] [JIBAR] [LIBOR] [MOSPRIME] [NIBOR] 
[PRIBOR] [SAIBOR] [SIBOR] [SOR] [SORA] [STIBOR] [TELBOR] [TIBOR] [TIIE] 
[TRLIBOR] [WIBOR] interest rates can be obtained from [Reuters] [•].] 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF [CONVERSION] [EXCHANGE] 
 
Information on past and future performance and volatility of the [•] [conversion] [exchange] 
rate[s] can be obtained from [Reuters] [•].] 
8. 
[PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INFLATION 
INDEX 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE INFLATION INDEX] 
 
[•] 
 
[[Bloomberg Screen [•]] [Reuters Screen [•] Page] [•]: "[•]"] [and] [•]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, name[s] and 
address[es] 
of 
Dealers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Indication of the overall 
amount 
of 
the 
underwriting commission 
and 
of 
the 
placing 
commission: 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [of the 
Tranche]] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[•] 
11. 
TEFRA Rules applicable to Bearer 
Notes: 
[TEFRA C Rules] [TEFRA D Rules] [TEFRA Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Selling restrictions, United States 
of America:  
40-day 
Distribution 
Compliance 
Period: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Public Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Details of the Public 
Offer: 
An offer of this Tranche of Notes may be made by the 
Dealers [and [•]] ([together with the Dealers,] the "Initial 
Authorised Offeror[s]") [and any other Authorised 
Offerors 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-
investors/issuance-programmes?page=1&take=20 other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in [Italy] (the "Public Offer Jurisdiction[s]")

--- Page 200 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 190 - 
 
 
during the period from and including [•] until but 
excluding [•] (the "Offer Period"). 
 
(ii) 
Conditions attached to the 
consent 
to 
use 
the 
Prospectus: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail  
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail  
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
16. 
ISIN Code: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
17. 
Common Code: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Valoren Number: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
19. 
SEDOL: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
20. 
WKN: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Other identifier / code: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable] 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] [include this text if "yes" selected]  
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
this Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them, then the Issuer may (in its absolute 
discretion) elect to deposit the Notes with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] [Include this text if "no" 
selected] 
23. 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear] [Clearstream, Luxembourg] [CREST]

--- Page 201 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 191 - 
 
 
24. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment 
25. 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent/Registrar/Issue 
Agent/Transfer Agent: 
[•] [HSBC Bank plc] 
26. 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Common Depositary: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [Not Applicable] 
28. 
Common Safekeeper: 
[HSBC Bank plc] [Not Applicable] 
29. 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] [HSBC Bank plc] [HSBC Continental Europe] 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
30. 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [•] 
31. 
Total amount of the issue/offer; if 
the amount is not fixed, description 
of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the offer: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
32. 
The time period, including any 
possible 
amendments, 
during 
which the offer will be open: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
33. 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
34. 
Description of the application 
process: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
35. 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
36. 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
37. 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up the securities 
and delivering of the securities: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
38. 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
39. 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
40. 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
41. 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
[•] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
Form of Final Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 192 - 
 
 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
42. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
43. 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
44. 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depositary agents in 
each country: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
45. 
Name and address if the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of 
their commitment: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
BENCHMARKS 
46. 
Details 
of 
benchmarks 
administrators 
and 
registration 
under EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [administrator 
legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[SUMMARY] 
(Issuer to annex issue-specific summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 203 ---
Use of Proceeds 
10154051992-v35 
- 193 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section provides details of what the Issuer intends to do with the subscription monies it receives for 
the Notes it issues. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
used by the Issuer for profit making or risk hedging purposes.

--- Page 204 ---
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds 
10154051992-v35 
- 194 - 
 
 
GREEN BONDS, SOCIAL BONDS AND SUSTAINABLE BONDS 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that a Series of Notes are "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainable Bonds" (together, "ESG Bonds") then, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer will use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of such Series of Notes to fund 
eligible businesses and projects in eligible green, social or sustainable sectors, respectively (as further 
described within the applicable framework specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Applicable 
Framework"), being either the HSBC Green Bond Framework dated 6 November 2015 (the "HSBC Green 
Bond Framework") or the HSBC Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) Bond Framework (the "SDG 
Bond Framework"). The HSBC Green Bond Framework and the SDG Bond Framework are available on 
the following webpage: https://www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/green-and-sustainability-
bonds.  
The Issuer will track the use of such amount via its internal information systems, and provide a progress 
report (a "Progress Report") on an annual basis (as further described in the Applicable Framework). In 
addition, a second party opinion will be obtained from an appropriate provider to confirm the validity of 
the Applicable Framework. The second party opinion will be published on the following webpage: 
https://www.hsbc.come/investors/fixed-income-investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds. 
For 
each 
issuance of Notes that are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds", 
the Issuer will engage an appropriate external assurance provider to independently assure the relevant 
Progress Report, on an annual basis and opine on its conformity with the Applicable Framework. The 
Progress Report and related assurance report will be made available to the public on the following webpage: 
https://www.hsbc.come/investors/fixed-income-investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds.

--- Page 205 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 195 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
This section provides a summary of certain aspects of the tax position in relation to the Notes in Ireland, 
the United Kingdom, Italy and the U.S. 
The tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
Transactions involving the Notes may have tax consequences for investors which may depend, 
amongst other things, upon the status of the investor and laws relating to transfer and registration 
taxes. Investors who are in any doubt about the tax position of any aspect of transactions involving 
the Notes should consult their own tax advisers. 
IRELAND 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. It is based on current law and the practice of the 
Revenue Commissioners of Ireland which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect. 
The comments do not deal with other Irish tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The 
comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any of the Notes may affect 
the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. The following is a general guide for information purposes 
and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to 
describe all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser. Noteholders should 
ensure that they understand their tax position before acquiring any Notes. Noteholders who may be liable 
to taxation in jurisdictions other than Ireland in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes 
are particularly advised to make sure they understand their tax position and whether they are so liable (and 
if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain Irish 
taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In particular, Noteholders should be aware that they 
may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes 
even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under 
the laws of Ireland. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest 
on any Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on Notes should 
not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which is 
used to fund the payments on such Notes; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such Notes is maintained 
in Ireland; or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not, and will not become, resident in Ireland for tax purposes, that the assets 
or income of any branch or permanent establishment of the Issuer in Ireland will not be used to fund the 
payments on the Notes, and that the Issuer will not maintain a register of any Registered Notes in Ireland 
and bearer notes will not be physically located in Ireland, payments on the Notes may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish withholding tax. 
If the payments of interest were deemed to have an Irish source, the Issuer will not be obliged to withhold 
Irish income tax from payments of interest on any Notes where: 
(a) 
the Notes carry a right to interest, and are, and continue to be, quoted on a recognised stock 
exchange for the purposes of section 64 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act 1997; and

--- Page 206 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 196 - 
 
 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, 
either: 
(i) 
the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
(Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(ii) 
the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person 
(such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of tax (currently 25 per cent.) 
from payments on Notes issued by a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest is collected or 
realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder who is Irish resident. 
Encashment tax does not apply where the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration 
in the described form to the encashment agent or bank. 
Stamp Duty 
No Irish stamp duty should be payable on the issue or transfer of the Notes on the basis that the Notes 
constitute stocks or marketable securities of a company which is not registered in Ireland for the purposes 
of section 88 of the Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
United Kingdom Taxation – Notes 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest and certain other payments in respect of the Notes. It is based 
on current law and the practice of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC"), which may not be 
binding on HMRC and which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect. The comments 
do not deal with any other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The 
comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. 
Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any Series of Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other Series of Notes. The following is a 
general guide for information purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended 
as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
purchaser. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in 
respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are particularly advised to consult their 
professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since 
the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of 
the Notes. In particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of 
other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
(A) 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax – Interest 
1. 
Any payments made with respect to the Notes which are considered to be payments of interest for 
United Kingdom taxation purposes and where such Notes are issued for a term of less than one 
year (and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is to render the Notes part 
of a borrowing with a total term of one year or more) may be paid by the Issuer without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
2. 
Notes issued by the Issuer which carry a right to interest will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" 
provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of 
Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the "Act") for the purposes of Section 987 of the Act) 
or admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" operated by an EEA-regulated recognised 
stock exchange (within the meaning of Section 987 of the Act). Whilst the Notes are and continue 
to be quoted Eurobonds, payments on such Notes which are considered to be payments of interest

--- Page 207 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 197 - 
 
 
for United Kingdom tax purposes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax. Notes will be regarded as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" 
for this purpose if (and only if) they are admitted to trading on an exchange designated as a 
recognised stock exchange by an order made by the Commissioners for HMRC and either they are 
included in the United Kingdom official list (within the meaning of Part VI of the FSMA) or they 
are officially listed, in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in 
European Economic Area states, in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a 
recognised stock exchange. Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes, 
and accordingly the Notes will constitute quoted Eurobonds provided they are and continue to be 
officially listed on Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. The Borsa Italiana S.p.A. is also a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. The 
Issuer's understanding of current HMRC practice is that securities which are officially listed on the 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and are admitted to trading on the Electronic Bond Market, being the 
regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (also known as the "MOT") may be regarded as 
"listed on a recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. 
3. 
In addition to the exemptions set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 above, payments on the Notes which 
are considered to be interest for United Kingdom taxation purposes may be paid without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax so long as the Issuer is 
a "bank" for the purposes of Section 878 of the Income Tax Act 2007 and so long as such payments 
are made by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its business. 
4. 
In all other cases, falling outside the exemptions described in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 above, 
payments on the Notes which are considered to be interest for United Kingdom tax purposes may 
fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.) subject to such relief as may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the 
provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. 
5. 
Any payments made by the Issuer under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for the exemptions 
from United Kingdom withholding tax described above. 
(B) 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax – Other Payments 
Where a payment on a Note does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for United Kingdom 
tax purposes, it would potentially be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax if, for example, 
it constitutes (or is treated as) an annual payment, a manufactured payment, rent or similar income 
or royalties for United Kingdom tax purposes (which will be determined by, amongst other things, 
the terms and conditions specified by the Final Terms of the Note). In such a case, the payment 
may fall to be made under deduction of United Kingdom tax (the rate of withholding depending 
on the nature of the payment), subject to any exemption from withholding which may apply and to 
such relief as may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of 
any applicable double tax treaty. 
(C) 
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
1. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount. Any 
discount element on such Notes will not generally be subject to any United Kingdom withholding 
tax pursuant to the provisions mentioned above, but may be subject to reporting requirements. 
2. 
Where Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued at a 
discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest. Payments of 
interest are subject to United Kingdom withholding tax and reporting requirements as outlined 
above. 
3. 
Where interest or any other payment has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income 
tax, Noteholders or Couponholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to 
recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double 
taxation treaty. 
4. 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal"

--- Page 208 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 198 - 
 
 
which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the 
Notes or any related documentation. Noteholders or Couponholders should seek their own 
professional advice as regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment on the Notes which 
does not constitute "interest" or "principal" as those terms are understood in United Kingdom tax 
law. 
5. 
The above summary under the heading of "United Kingdom Taxation – Notes" assumes that there 
will be no substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Substitution) of the Notes and does not consider the tax consequences of any 
such substitution. 
ITALY 
Italy Taxation – Notes 
The following is a general overview of certain tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to 
special rules. This section is based upon Italian tax laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could 
be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this section to reflect changes in law and, if any 
such change occurs, the information in this section could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
General 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended ("Decree No. 239") sets out the 
applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
"Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident issuers. The provisions of 
Decree No. 239 only apply to notes issued by the Issuer to the extent that they qualify as bonds or debentures 
similar to bonds pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended 
and supplemented ("Decree no. 917"). 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities 
were issued, nor to control the same. 
Otherwise, Notes that do not qualify as debentures similar to bonds are characterised for Italian tax purposes 
as "atypical securities" and as such regulated by Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Notes qualifying as debentures similar to bonds 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, 
is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
associations, or

--- Page 209 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 199 - 
 
 
(c) 
a private or public institution (other than companies), trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent., either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Notes (unless the Noteholder described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above has entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and they have 
opted for the application of the "risparmio gestito" regime pursuant to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended and supplemented from time to time ("Decree No. 461"). 
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients". 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 
December 2016 ("Law No. 232") and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 ("Law 
No. 145") and, for long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis 
of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 ("Law Decree No. 124") each of them as amended and 
applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 
2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 
2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative 
differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described in paragraphs (a) and (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional 
income tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be 
subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction 
from Italian income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, 
stockbrokers and other qualified entities resident in Italy ("Intermediaries", and each, an "Intermediary") 
or by permanent establishments in Italy of a non Italian resident Intermediary, that intervene, in any way, 
in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of 
the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either 
with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or 
with a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes that fall within the definitions set out above are not subject to the 
26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which 
the Notes are effectively connected; 
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ('società in nome collettivo' or 
'società in accomandita semplice'); 
(c) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together, the "Funds", 
and each, a "Fund"), SICAVs, Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 
252 of 5th December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"), Italian resident real estate investment funds, 
investment companies with fixed capital (SICAFs); and

--- Page 210 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 200 - 
 
 
(d) 
Italian resident Noteholders described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial Intermediary 
and have opted for the asset management regime ('regime del risparmio gestito'). 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under paragraphs (a) to (d) above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes, and 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or 
indirectly with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign Intermediary). 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered 
from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes 
of regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations 
or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted 
for the asset management regime ('regime del risparmio gestito') are subject to a 26 per cent. annual 
substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at 
the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset 
Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a non-real estate SICAF or a SICAV and the relevant Notes 
are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund, non-real estate 
SICAF or SICAV. The Fund, non-real estate SICAF or SICAV will not be subject to taxation on such result, 
but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax"). 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree 
No. 351 of 25th September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, Interest accrued 
on the Notes will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
real estate investment fund or real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or real estate SICAF is 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, 
when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Italian resident 
intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. annual substitute tax (the "Pension Fund Tax"). 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 - 114) of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 
and, for long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Interest payments relating to Notes received by non-Italian resident beneficial owners are not subject to 
taxation in Italy.

--- Page 211 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 201 - 
 
 
If the Notes are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign Intermediary) or are sold through an Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign Intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident Intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign Intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure payment of 
Interest without application of Italian taxation, a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce 
to the Italian bank or other intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident 
in Italy for tax purposes. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Notes that do not qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to 
bonds) pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, lett. c) of Decree No. 917 are characterised for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities". Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, securities can be qualified, for 
income tax purposes, as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) only to the extent that 
they incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity or upon redemption (to the Noteholder) an 
amount not less than therein indicated without providing any right to the Noteholders to participate in, or 
to control, the activity carried on by the Issuer. 
Income of any kind, including interest and any sum paid to Noteholders at maturity in excess over the issue 
price and relating to Notes characterised as "atypical securities" may be subject to withholding tax levied 
at the rate of 26 per cent. The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to interest 
payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and to an Italian resident Noteholder which is, (a) a 
commercial partnership, (b) a company or similar commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity or (d) a commercial private or public institution. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) and qualify as atypical securities pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100-114 of Law No. 232 and, for long-term 
individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 each 
of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law 
No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-
term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may 
benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised 
in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Capital Gains 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. substitute tax on capital gains referred to as "imposta sostitutiva" 
is applicable to capital gains realised by: 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; or 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the so called "tax declaration regime" ('regime della dichiarazione'), which is the standard regime 
for taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses realised pursuant to all 
investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in a year net of 
any relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian 
tax authorities and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income

--- Page 212 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 202 - 
 
 
tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding fiscal year. 
Alternatively to the tax declaration regime, holders of the Notes who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect for the administered savings regime ('risparmio amministrato' regime) to pay imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes. Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs and any other 
Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an 
express election for the administered savings regime being made in writing in due time by the relevant 
holder of the Notes. The Intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised 
as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount 
from proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Notes. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind 
subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the Notes within the same relationship of deposit in 
the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the administered savings regime, the 
realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Noteholder. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed in an asset management regime ('risparmio 
gestito' regime) by an Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains but will contribute to determine the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, 
subject to the Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio accrued at year end may 
be carried forward against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. Also under 
the asset management regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income 
tax return of the Noteholder. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1 (100 – 114), of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) 
of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2020, Article 
13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, 
paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital 
losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments 
comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements 
are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses 
and negative differences against future capital gains). 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, SICAFs and SICAVs, capital gains on Notes contribute to determinate 
the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAFs or SICAVs accrued at the end of each tax 
year. The Funds, SICAFs or SICAVs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective 
Investment Fund Substitute Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions of Law 
Decree No. 351 of 25th September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, shall not 
be subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund or real 
estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the

--- Page 213 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 203 - 
 
 
unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through 
distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Decree No. 252) will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in 
the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund 
Tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains in respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian pension fund may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 - 
114) of Law 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and, for long-term individual savings accounts 
established from 1 January 2020, Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 each of them as amended and 
applicable from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be 
included in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of 
production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and 
corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the 
Notes are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Presidential Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by non-Italian 
residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through 
the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the 
Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject to timely filing of 
required documentation (in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) of non-residence in Italy) with 
Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which 
the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes 
with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt 
from the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for 
consideration or redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a state or territory 
listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4th September 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the "White List"). According to Article 11, par. 4, let. c), of Decree 239, the 
White List will be updated every six months period. Under these circumstances, if non Italian 
residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected 
elect for the asset management regime or are subject to the administrative savings regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they 
meet the requirement indicated above. The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners 
of the Notes are (i) international entities or organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in 
countries which allow for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; and 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with 
Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in 
the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on 
any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes.

--- Page 214 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 204 - 
 
 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of any valuable assets (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers 
for no consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the 
transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding euro 1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to the 
tax on the value exceeding euro 100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct 
affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding 
euro 1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets 
(such as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the substitute 
tax (imposta sostitutiva) provided for by Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the donee 
sells the Notes for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required to 
pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
Stamp duty 
According to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by a financial intermediary to their clients in respect of any Notes which may be deposited 
with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot 
exceed EUR14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of 
the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of 
the Notes. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued 
by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or 
insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting from fiscal year 
2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions holding financial 
assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 
0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers 
which are not individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or – if 
no market value figure is available – on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the nominal 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the 
Notes) held outside of the Italian territory. 
A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. The financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement.

--- Page 215 ---
Taxation 
10154051992-v35 
- 205 - 
 
 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 
917) resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the 
income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the 
income tax return). The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of 
the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to (i) Notes deposited 
for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, (ii) with respect to contracts entered into 
through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been 
subject to tax by the same intermediaries or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits 
and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a EUR 15,000 threshold throughout the 
year. 
WITHHOLDING OF U.S. TAX ON ACCOUNT OF FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
(each an "IGA") with the United States to implement FATCA, which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the second anniversary of the date 
on which final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register, and Notes treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if 
additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 216 ---
Additional Information regarding Offshore RMB 
10154051992-v35 
- 206 - 
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING OFFSHORE RMB 
There has been a significant reduction in exchange control on Renminbi by the PRC Government in recent 
years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services as well as 
other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account 
items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually. 
Although, Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions 
were implemented by the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC 
Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that 
the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the 
PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance 
of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation programme and efforts in 
recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not 
impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.

--- Page 217 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 207 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES 
This section sets out details of the arrangements between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) as to the offer and 
sale of Notes and summarises selling restrictions that apply to the offer and sale of Notes in various 
jurisdictions. 
General 
(1) 
Each Dealer has, in a Master Note Issuance Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
it may from time to time agree either as principal or agent of the Issuer to subscribe for or purchase, 
to underwrite or, as the case may be, to procure subscribers or purchasers for Notes. When entering 
into any such agreement to subscribe for or purchase, to underwrite, or as the case may be, to 
procure subscribers for or purchasers for any particular Series of Notes, the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) will agree details relating to the form of such Notes and the Conditions relating to such 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the relevant Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of 
such subscription or purchase. The Master Note Issuance Agreement contains provisions for the 
Issuer to appoint other Dealers from time to time either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
(2) 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required 
other than in the United Kingdom. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
The Notes have not been and may not be offered to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre 
unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"); and

--- Page 218 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 208 - 
 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to any Notes if the Final Terms in respect of such Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area (an "EEA Member State") except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that EEA 
Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus:  if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State 
or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a drawdown prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer. 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended). 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional French Securities Laws 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, nor may this Base Prospectus, any relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed or caused to be distributed in France 
other than to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Republic of Italy Securities Laws 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, and no copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes may be 
distributed, in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "EU Prospectus Regulation");

--- Page 219 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 209 - 
 
 
(2) 
that Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, or copies of any prospectus relating to such Notes 
may be distributed, in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication 
of such prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in another Member State or 
the United Kingdom and notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Decree No. 58") 
and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"), and 
ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; and 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the solicitation 
restrictions applies, as provided under the EU Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation 
No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended, Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely 
with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 
months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business 
or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to 
claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an 
exemption provided for under the EU Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Netherlands Securities Laws 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act:  Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form 
of the Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The 
Netherlands through the mediation of the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam in full 
compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as 
amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer 
and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of 
the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the 
transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the 
conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon 
Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside 
The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or 
immediately thereafter. As used herein, "Zero Coupon Notes" are notes that are in bearer form and that 
constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Norway Securities Laws 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within 
the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers. Each purchaser of Notes 
denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed

--- Page 220 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 210 - 
 
 
that such Notes may not be offered or resold within the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of 
Norwegian purchasers. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Spain Securities Laws 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the 
Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Hong Kong 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of 
any document other than: 
(a) 
to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O")or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O. 
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) may be issued or held in the possession of the Issuer or any Dealer or any 
other offeror nominated by the Issuer for the purpose of such issue of Notes, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
The Notes have not been and may not be offered or sold except on a private placement basis to persons in 
the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person's principal place of residence; or 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund).

--- Page 221 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 211 - 
 
 
People's Republic of China 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC, except as permitted by the relevant 
laws of the PRC. 
In respect of any Notes, this Base Prospectus or any information obtained by reference herein relating to 
the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. This Base Prospectus, 
any information contained herein or the Notes have not been, or will not be, submitted to, approved by, 
verified by or registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and thus may not be 
supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the 
Notes in the PRC. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested in by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in investing in the Notes 
of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant government approvals, 
verifications, licenses or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, 
but not limited to, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and other relevant regulatory bodies, and 
complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange 
regulations and/ or overseas investment regulations. 
Russia 
The Notes have not been and will not be offered, transferred or sold as part of their initial distribution or at 
any time thereafter to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, 
established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the 
territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. The Notes may not be offered or sold, nor may the Notes be the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, nor may this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase 
of the Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;

--- Page 222 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 212 - 
 
 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The Notes are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and investors in the Notes will not benefit from supervision by 
FINMA. Notes issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective 
investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 
23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended. Notes issued under the Programme are neither issued nor 
guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Ordinance ("FinSO"), and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA. Consequently, this Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes may only be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland: 
(a) 
if such offer is strictly limited to investors that qualify as professional clients ("Professional 
Clients", as set out below) according to Article 4 para. 3 FinSA and Article 5 para. 1 FinSO. 
Accordingly, the Notes may only be distributed or offered, and the Base Prospectus or any other 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be made available to Professional Clients in 
Switzerland; in this case, the offering of the Notes in, into or from Switzerland is exempt from the 
requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under FinSA; 
(b) 
if such offer constitutes an exempt offer pursuant to specific provisions regarding exempt offers 
pursuant to Article 36  FinSA which (a) is addressed to less than 500 investors, (b) is only addressed 
to investors that purchase financial instruments in an amount of at least CHF 100,000 (or equivalent 
in other currencies), (c) has a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in other 
currencies), or (d) does not exceed the value of CHF 8 million (or equivalent in other currencies) 
calculated over a period of 12 months; in this case, the offering of the Notes in, into or from 
Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under FinSA. 
Professional Clients in terms of the FinSA specifically include: 
(a) 
Swiss regulated financial intermediaries such as banks, securities houses, fund management 
companies, asset managers of collective investments, or regular asset managers; 
(b) 
Swiss regulated insurance companies; 
(c) 
foreign clients which are subject to a prudential supervision under the laws of their incorporation 
of jurisdiction equivalent to that applicable to persons listed under paragraphs (a) and (b) above; 
(d) 
central banks; 
(e) 
public entities with professional treasury operations;  
(f) 
occupational pension schemes and other institutions whose purpose is to serve occupational 
pensions with professional treasury operations;  
(g) 
companies with professional treasury operations;  
(h) 
large companies; and

--- Page 223 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 213 - 
 
 
(i) 
private investment structures with professional treasury operations created for high-net-worth 
private (retail) clients. 
In addition, high-net-worth private (retail) clients and private investment structures created for them may 
declare that they wish to be treated as Professional Clients in accordance with Article 5 FinSA (opting out). 
Nothwithstanding the fact that such offering may not trigger the requirement to prepare a prospectus under 
FinSA, in the case of offerings of Notes that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" that 
will be made to private (retail) clients in, into or from Switzerland (as such expressions are understood 
under FinSA and FinSO), a key information document (KID) prepared in accordance with FinSA and 
FinSO or in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of November 26, 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs) must be made available. The Issuer reserves the right to make available a simplified 
prospectus pursuant to former Article 5 para. 2 CISA instead of a KID until the expiration of the grand-
fathering period, i.e. until the end of 2021.  
Taiwan 
Notes shall not be distributed, offered or sold in Taiwan but may be made available to Taiwan investors 
outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors either directly or through such financial institutions as may 
be authorised under the laws of Taiwan and only pursuant to the relevant laws, regulations and self-
regulatory guidelines as may be applicable to them. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
The Notes have not been and may not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the United 
Arab Emirates (the "UAE") other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the 
issue, offering and sale of securities. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to any Notes if the Final Terms in respect of such Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as

--- Page 224 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 214 - 
 
 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
An invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the 
FSMA) may only be communicated or caused to be communicated in connection with the issue or sale of 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA or would not, if it was not an authorised person, 
apply to the Issuer. 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect of anything done in connection 
with the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the state securities laws of 
any state of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Master Note Issuance Agreement: 
(1) 
if "40-day Distribution Compliance Period" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes at any time (whether as part of their distribution 
at any time or otherwise) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons and (b) it will send to each dealer to which it sells Notes a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons; and 
(2) 
otherwise, (a) it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of a Tranche, as 
certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of 
such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer 
shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and (b) it will send to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the periods referred to in (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above a confirmation or other notice setting

--- Page 225 ---
Subscription and Sale of the Notes 
10154051992-v35 
- 215 - 
 
 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition: 
(1) 
if "40-day Distribution Compliance Period" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, an offer or sale of Notes at any time within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; and 
(2) 
otherwise, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 226 ---
General Information 
10154051992-v35 
- 216 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section provides additional, general disclosure in relation to the Programme. 
1. 
The continuation of the Programme and the issue of Notes and Warrants under the Programme 
have been authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 18 February 
2021. 
2. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
may also be accepted for clearance through CREST. The appropriate International Securities 
Identification Number ("ISIN"), common code ("Common Code"), Valoren number ("Valoren 
Number"), Stock Exchange Daily Official List ("SEDOL") number Wertpapierkennnummer 
("WKN"), and any other identifier and/or code (as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each 
Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream Banking S.A. is 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited 
is Watling House, 33 Cannon St, London EC4M 5SB, United Kingdom. 
3. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealers and the Registrar 
(where applicable) and the Principal Paying Agent. 
4. 
In relation to the Issuer, any transfer of, or payment in respect of, a Note, Coupon or Receipt 
involving (i) any person or body, or the government of any country, who or which is at the relevant 
time the subject of United Nations, European Union, United Kingdom or United States sanctions 
or other similar measures implemented or effective in the United Kingdom, (ii) any person or body 
resident in, incorporated in or constituted under the laws of, or carrying on a business in, any such 
country or exercising public functions in any such country, or (iii) any person or body owned or 
controlled by any of the foregoing or by any person acting on behalf of the foregoing, may be 
subject to restrictions and may be the target of any such sanctions or other similar measures. 
5. 
Generally, any notice, document or information to be sent or supplied by the Issuer to its 
shareholder(s) may be sent or supplied in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 (the "Act") 
(whether authorised or required to be sent or supplied by the Act or otherwise) in hard copy form 
or in electronic form. If at any time by reason of the suspension or curtailment of postal services 
within the United Kingdom the Issuer is unable effectively to convene a general meeting by notices 
sent through the post, subject to the Act, a general meeting may be convened by a notice advertised 
in at least one United Kingdom national newspaper. Such notice shall be deemed to have been duly 
served on all members entitled thereto at noon on the day on which the advertisement first appears. 
In any such case the Issuer shall send confirmatory copies of the notice by post if at least seven 
days prior to the meeting the posting of notices to addresses throughout the United Kingdom again 
becomes practicable. 
6. 
Notices to the Noteholders are made in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Notes. 
7. 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the indication of yield (if any) referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms will be calculated at the Issue Date of such Tranche on the basis of the Issue Price of such 
Tranche. It is not an indication of future yield. 
8. 
Any tranche of Notes intended to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted to listing and 
trading upon submission to Euronext Dublin and Euronext Dublin of the relevant Final Terms and 
any other information required by the Central Bank of Ireland and/or Euronext Dublin, subject in 
each case to the issue of the relevant Notes. Prior to listing and admittance to trading of Notes, 
dealings will be permitted by Euronext Dublin in accordance with its rules. Transactions will 
normally be effected for delivery on the second working day in Dublin after the date of the 
transaction. 
9. 
Application may be made for a listing of Notes on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and admission to trading 
on the Electronic Bond Market, being the regulated market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT").

--- Page 227 ---
General Information 
10154051992-v35 
- 217 - 
 
 
10. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries nor any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020. 
11. 
Save as disclosed in Note 25 "Provisions" on pages 164 to 165, and Note 32 "Legal proceedings 
and regulatory matters" on pages 171 to 174, of the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts 
(incorporated by reference herein), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
during the 12-month period before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or 
the Group. 
12. 
The Issuer may pay to distributors (which may include affiliates of the Issuer) of Notes issued 
under this Base Prospectus commissions or fees (including in the form of a discount to the issue 
price of such Notes). Such commissions, fees or discounts will be as such parties may agree from 
time to time 
13. 
This Base Prospectus and all the documents incorporated by reference herein will be available for 
viewing 
www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/issuance-
programmes?page=1&take=20 or the relevant link included for such document in the section 
entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference". For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of the Issuer is: MP6I5ZYZBEU3UXPYFY54. 
15. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more benchmarks 
including those set out in the table below. To the extent that the Notes of any Series reference a 
benchmark not listed in the table below, or the position in relation to the administrator of a 
benchmark has changed since the date of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the relevant benchmark is provided by an administrator included on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "BMR") (the "Register"). Where 
any benchmark is identified in the Final Terms as being provided by an administrator that does not 
appear on the Register, the Final Terms will further specify whether, as far as the Issuer is aware, 
such administrator does or does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the relevant 
administrator is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the position in relation to each of the benchmarks referenced 
in this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Does the 
Administrator 
appear on the Register? 
LIBOR 
ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration Limited 
Appears 
EURIBOR 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute 
Appears 
Sterling 
Overnight 
Index 
Average (SONIA) 
Bank of England 
Does not appear 
As far as the Issuer is aware, 
such administrator does not 
fall within the scope of the

--- Page 228 ---
General Information 
10154051992-v35 
- 218 - 
 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Does the 
Administrator 
appear on the Register? 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation. 
Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York 
Does not appear 
As far as the Issuer is aware, 
such administrator does not 
fall within the scope of the 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation. 
Euro Short term Rate (€STR) 
European Central Bank 
Does not appear 
As far as the Issuer is aware, 
such administrator does not 
fall within the scope of the 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation. 
 
16. 
With effect from 24 June 2021, P Henry stepped down from the Issuer's Executive Committee. 
With effect from 24 June 2021, Lisa McGeough was appointed a member of the Issuer’s Executive 
Committee. Lisa's functions in relation to the Issuer’s Executive Committee and her principal 
outside activities of significance to the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Other principal activities 
outside the Bank 
Lisa McGeough 
Head of Global Banking, 
Europe 
- 
 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer by the 
above-named individual and the private interests and/or external duties owed by such individual. 
17. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or prepare and publish a new base 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12 month 
validity. 
18. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12 month validity.

--- Page 229 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 219 - 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
This section indicates where terms used in this Base Prospectus have been defined. 
£  .................................................................... vii 
¥  .................................................................... vii 
€  .............................................................. vii, 70 
€STR .............................................................. 15 
2013 Note Conditions ..................................... 24 
2016 Note Conditions ..................................... 24 
2017 Note Conditions ..................................... 24 
2018 Annual Report and Accounts ................. 24 
2018 Note Conditions ..................................... 24 
2019 Annual Report and Accounts ................. 24 
2020 Prospectus ............................................ 145 
2020 Prospectus Expiry Date ....................... 145 
2021 Prospectus ............................................ 145 
ABS .............................................................. 100 
Accountholder .............................................. 141 
accredited investor ........................................ 210 
accredited investors ...................................... 210 
Accrual Yield ................................................. 63 
Act ........................................................ 197, 216 
Act/Act ........................................................... 67 
Act/Act (ICMA) ............................................. 67 
Act/Act (ISDA) .............................................. 67 
Actual/Actual.................................................. 67 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 67 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 67 
Add On Interest ........................................ 85, 88 
Add On Interest Rate ................................ 85, 88 
Add On Leverage ..................................... 85, 88 
Add On Margin .............................................. 88 
Add On Maximum Rate ........................... 85, 88 
Add On Minimum Rate ............................ 85, 88 
Add On Spread ............................................... 85 
Additional Information regarding Offshore 
RMB ............................................................. ii 
Administrator/Benchmark Event .................... 63 
Affected Relevant Benchmark ....................... 63 
Aggregate Nominal Amount Zero Coupon  
Note Reference Price .................................. 63 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount ...... 63 
Alternative Payment Cross Currency Rate ..... 63 
Alternative Payment Currency ....................... 63 
Alternative Payment Currency Equivalent ..... 63 
Alternative Payment Currency Exchange  
Rate ............................................................. 63 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Date ... 64 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Page ... 64 
Alternative Payment Currency Fixing Time ... 64 
Alternative Payment Currency Jurisdiction .... 64 
Alternative Payment Settlement Days ............ 64 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index.................... 64 
Applicable Framework ................................. 194 
Applicable Period ......................................... 102 
Asset Management Tax ................................ 200 
atypical securities ......................................... 201 
AUD ............................................................... 77 
Authorised Offeror ............................................ v 
Automatic Switch Date ..................... 20, 50, 116 
BA ................................................................... 64 
Bank Rate ...................................................... 106 
Banking Act .................................................... 13 
Base Level..................................................... 129 
Base Prospectus ................................................ 1 
BBR ................................................................ 64 
Bearer Notes ................................................... 81 
Benchmark Trigger Event ............................... 65 
Benchmark Trigger Event Determination  
Date ............................................................. 65 
BMR ............................................................. 217 
bridge institution ............................................. 14 
BUBOR ........................................................... 65 
Business Centre ............................................... 65 
Business Day ................................................... 65 
Business Day Convention ............................... 65 
C(WUMP)O .................................................. 210 
CAD ................................................................ 77 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 62 
Calculation Amount ............................ 26, 28, 66 
Calculation Period ........................................... 67 
cap ................................................. 30, 33, 39, 43 
CBI .................................................................. 24 
Central Bank ..................................................... 1 
CGN .............................................................. 140 
CHF ................................................................. 77 
CIBOR ............................................................ 66 
Classic Global Note ...................................... 140 
Clearing System .............................................. 66 
Clearing System Currency Eligibility Event ... 66 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ........................... 1, 66 
closed day ....................................................... 64 
CMP Regulations 2018 ................................. 147 
CMS Rate Determination .............................. 101 
CMS Reference Rate ....................................... 67 
CNY .................................................... vii, 77, 79 
Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax .. 200 
Common Code .............................................. 216 
Common Depositary ..................................... 140 
Common Safekeeper ..................................... 140 
Computershare Agency Agreement ................ 62 
Conditions ............................. vii, 2, 62, 145, 146 
CONSOB ...................................................... 208 
Conversion Rate .............................................. 66 
Conversion Rate Business Day ....................... 66 
Conversion Rate Fixing Date .......................... 66 
Conversion Rate Fixing Page .......................... 67 
Conversion Rate Fixing Time ......................... 67 
COP ................................................................. 77 
Corresponding Lower Barrier ....................... 114 
Corresponding Tenor .................................... 112 
Corresponding Upper Barrier ........................ 114 
Couponholders ................................................ 62

--- Page 230 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 220 - 
 
 
Coupons .................................................... 62, 81 
CREST ........................................................... 67 
CREST Registrar ............................................ 62 
Cross Currency ............................................... 67 
Cross Currency Jurisdiction ........................... 67 
CSS ............................................................... 142 
CZK ................................................................ 77 
Day Count Fraction ..... 28, 30, 33, 35, 39, 43, 67 
Dealer ........................................................ iv, 62 
Dealers ............................................................ 62 
Decree No. 239 ............................................. 198 
Decree No. 252 ............................................. 200 
Decree No. 461 ............................................. 199 
Decree No. 58 ............................................... 209 
Decree no. 917 .............................................. 198 
Deed of Covenant ........................................... 62 
Deferral Period ....................................... 69, 128 
Definitive Bearer Notes ................................ 140 
Definitive Notes ............................................. 81 
Definitive Registered Notes ......................... 143 
Denomination Currency ................................. 69 
Denomination Currency Conversion Rate ...... 69 
Denomination Currency Jurisdiction .............. 69 
Designated Maturity ....................................... 69 
designee ........................................................ 109 
DFSA ............................................................ 207 
Digital Interest Rate Note ............................... 69 
Digital Leverage 1 .......................................... 93 
Digital Leverage 2 .......................................... 93 
Digital Rate .................................................... 93 
Digital Rate 1 ................................................. 93 
Digital Rate 1 Spread ..................................... 93 
Digital Rate 2 ................................................. 93 
Digital Rate 2 Spread ..................................... 93 
Digital Reference Rate ................................... 93 
Digital Strike .................................................. 93 
Dispute ......................................................... 139 
DKK ............................................................... 77 
Early Redemption Amount ............................. 69 
Early Redemption Date ................................ 133 
ECB .............................................................. 140 
ECB's Website .............................................. 104 
EEA .......................................................... 1, 146 
Effective Interest Payment Date ................... 102 
EGP ................................................................ 77 
EIBOR ............................................................ 69 
ESG Bonds ................................................... 194 
EU CRA Regulation ......................................... 1 
EUR .................................................... vii, 70, 77 
EURIBOR .................................................. 7, 69 
euro ........................................................... vii, 70 
Euro .......................................................... vii, 70 
Euro Business Day ......................................... 70 
Euro Exchange Date ..................................... 132 
Euro Exchange Notice .................................. 132 
Euroclear .................................................... 1, 70 
Eurodollar Convention ................................... 65 
Euronext Dublin ............................................... 1 
Eurosystem ................................................... 140 
EUWA .............................................................. 1 
Event of Default ........................................ 2, 133 
exchange date .................................................. 70 
Exempt Offer ................................................ 207 
Fair Market Value ........................................... 70 
Fallback Bond ................................................. 70 
Fallback Reference Price .............................. 127 
FATCA withholding ..................................... 124 
FCA ................................................................... 1 
Federal Reserve's Website ............................ 109 
FIEA ............................................................. 210 
Final Inflation Factor .................................... 118 
Final Redemption Amount ...................... 70, 118 
Final Redemption Floor ................................ 118 
Final Redemption Reference Month ............. 118 
Final Redemption Type ........................... 26, 118 
Final Terms ........................................... 1, 26, 62 
Final Valuation Date ..................................... 119 
Fitch .................................................................. 1 
Fixed Rate Note .............................................. 70 
Fixed Rate Notes ............................................. 21 
Floating Rate ....................................... 30, 32, 70 
Floating Rate Convention ............................... 65 
Floating Rate Note .......................................... 70 
Floating Rate Option ....................................... 70 
floor ............................................... 30, 33, 39, 43 
Following Business Day Convention .............. 65 
foreign financial institution ........................... 205 
foreign passthru payments ............................ 205 
FRN Convention ............................................. 65 
FSMA .......................................................... 1, vi 
Fund .............................................................. 200 
Funds ............................................................. 200 
FX Cut-off Date ............................................ 128 
FX Disruption Event ....................................... 70 
FX Disruption Relevant Currency .................. 70 
GBP ........................................................... vii, 77 
GHS ................................................................ 77 
Global Note ................................................... 141 
Global Registered Notes ............................... 143 
Governmental Authority ................................. 71 
Green/SDG Assets .......................................... 22 
gross recipients ............................................. 200 
HIBOR ............................................................ 71 
HK$ ................................................................. vii 
HKD .......................................................... vii, 77 
HMRC ........................................................... 196 
Holder ............................................................. 82 
Holders ............................................................ 81 
Hong Kong .......................................... vii, 75, 79 
Hong Kong dollars .......................................... vii 
HSBC Green Bond Framework .................... 194 
HUF ................................................................ 77 
IBORs ............................................................. 15 
ICE Swap Rate ................................................ 95 
IGA ............................................................... 205 
Illiquidity ........................................................ 71 
ILS .................................................................. 77 
Inconvertibility ................................................ 71 
Index Cessation Event ..................................... 71 
Inflation Factor ......................................... 43, 98

--- Page 231 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 221 - 
 
 
Inflation Index .................................. 72, 98, 119 
Inflation Index Cessation .............................. 130 
Inflation Index Level .............................. 98, 119 
Inflation Index Sponsor .................................. 72 
Inflation Interest Determination Date ............. 98 
Inflation Linked Note ..................................... 72 
Initial Authorised Offeror[s] ......................... 189 
Initial Interest Rate ....................................... 109 
Initial Redemption Reference Month ........... 118 
Initial Reference Month .................................. 97 
Initial Valuation Date ................................... 119 
Instalment Amounts ..................................... 118 
Instalment Dates ........................................... 118 
Instalment Notes ............................................. 81 
interest .......................................................... 198 
Interest .......................................................... 198 
Interest Amount .... 28, 29, 45, 46, 51, 52, 53, 54, 
56, 57, 59, 60, 72, 87, 90, 92, 94, 97 
Interest Commencement Date .................. 28, 72 
Interest Determination Date ........................... 72 
Interest Observation Date ............................... 93 
Interest Payment Date .................................... 72 
Interest Payment Dates ................................... 28 
Interest Period........................................... 28, 72 
Intermediaries ............................................... 199 
Intermediary ................................................. 199 
Investor's Currency ........................................... 9 
ISDA Definitions .................................... 72, 109 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment .......................... 109 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 110 
ISDA Rate .................................................... 100 
ISIN .............................................................. 216 
Issue Agent ..................................................... 62 
Issue Date ....................................................... 73 
Issue Specific Summary ................................... 5 
Issuer ....................................................... 1, i, 62 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement .......... 62 
Italian Notes ................................................... 73 
Italian Stock Exchange ................................... 73 
Japanese Yen .................................................. vii 
JIBAR ............................................................. 73 
JPY ........................................................... vii, 77 
KES ................................................................ 77 
Latest Level .................................................. 130 
Law Decree No. 124 ..................................... 199 
Law No. 145 ................................................. 199 
Law No. 232 ................................................. 199 
LEI ................................................................ 217 
Leverage ................ 30, 33, 38, 43, 86, 89, 94, 96 
Leveraged Rate 1 ................................ 17, 34, 91 
Leveraged Rate 2 ................................ 17, 34, 91 
LIBOR ........................................................ 7, 73 
Linear Interpolation ........................................ 73 
local banking day ............................................ 73 
Macau ....................................................... 75, 79 
Margin ...................................................... 30, 86 
Master Note Issuance Agreement ................... 62 
Maturity Date ......................................... 73, 118 
Maximum Interest Rate .................................. 73 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Call Option)73 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Put Option) 73 
MiFID II ............................................ 1, 146, 207 
Minimum Interest Rate ................................... 73 
Minimum Redemption Amount (Call Option) 73 
Minimum Redemption Amount (Put Option) . 73 
Modified Business Day Convention ............... 65 
Modified Following Business Day  
Convention .................................................. 65 
Moody's ............................................................. 1 
MOSPRIME .................................................... 73 
MOT ......................................... 1, 188, 197, 216 
MXN ............................................................... 77 
National Currency Unit ................................... 74 
net recipients ................................................. 199 
New Global Note .......................................... 140 
New Interest Provisions ........................ 115, 116 
New Issuer .................................................... 138 
New York City Banking Day ........................ 110 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ........... 110 
NGN ........................................................ 77, 140 
NIBOR ............................................................ 74 
No Adjustment ................................................ 66 
NOK ................................................................ 77 
Non-Reset Date ............................................. 103 
Non-transferability .......................................... 74 
Note Interest Provisions .................................. 74 
Noteholder ...................................................... 82 
Noteholders ..................................................... 62 
Notes ................................................................. 1 
NSS ............................................................... 142 
NZD ................................................................ 77 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date ......... 110 
OBFR Index Cessation Event ....................... 110 
OBFR Switch Date ....................................... 108 
Observation Date .......................................... 114 
Observation Period........................................ 103 
Observation Period Cut-off Date .................. 114 
offer of Notes to the public ........................... 208 
Offer Period ......................................... iv, v, 190 
Offshore RMB .......................................... vii, 74 
Offshore RMB Centre ..................................... 74 
Offshore RMB Disruption .............................. 74 
Offshore RMB Illiquidity ............................... 74 
Offshore RMB Inconvertibility ....................... 74 
Offshore RMB Non-Transferability ................ 74 
Operator .......................................................... 83 
Operator register of corporate securities ......... 82 
Optional Redemption Date (Call Option) ....... 75 
Optional Redemption Date (Put Option) ......... 75 
Original Interest Provisions .................. 115, 116 
Original Issue ................................................ 147 
Overnight Reference Rate ............................. 104 
Overnight Relevant Rate ............................... 105 
Participating Member State ............................. 75 
participating securities .................................... 82 
Paying Agents ................................................. 62 
PBoC ....................................................... 22, 206 
Pension Fund Tax ......................................... 201 
Permanent Global Note ................................. 140 
PLN ................................................................. 77

--- Page 232 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 222 - 
 
 
Postponed FX Fixing Day ............................ 128 
PRC .......................................................... vii, 75 
PRC Government ........................................... 21 
Preceding Business Day Convention .............. 65 
PRIBOR ......................................................... 75 
Price Source Disruption .................................. 75 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................... 1, 146 
Principal Paying Agent ............................... 2, 62 
professional investors ................................... 210 
Programme ................................................. 1, 62 
Progress Report ............................................ 194 
prospectus ..................................................... 210 
Prospectus ............................................. 145, 146 
Prospectus Regulation ........... 145, 146, 207, 208 
Public Offer ..................................................... iv 
Public Offer Jurisdiction................................... v 
Public Offer Jurisdiction[s] .......................... 189 
qualified investors ........................................ 208 
Range Accrual Factor ..................................... 53 
Range Accrual Floating Rate ........................ 114 
Range Accrual Observation Period .............. 114 
Rate Cut-Off Date ........................................ 104 
Rate of Interest ............ 28, 85, 89, 90, 93, 95, 98 
Rate Switch Date .......................................... 108 
Rebased Inflation Index ................................ 130 
Receipts .......................................................... 81 
Record ............................................................ 82 
Record Date .................................................. 126 
record of uncertificated corporate securities ... 82 
Redemption Amount .............................. 75, 122 
Redemption Amount (Call) ............................ 75 
Redemption Amount (Put Option) ................. 75 
Redenomination Date ..................................... 75 
Reference Bank(s) .......................................... 75 
Reference Dealers ........................................... 75 
Reference Level ............................................ 130 
Reference Month .................................... 98, 119 
Reference Rate ............................................... 75 
Reference Rate Business Day ....................... 105 
Reference Rate Business Day(i) ........... 102, 106 
Reference Rate Determination Date ............. 105 
Reference Rate(i) .......................................... 105 
Reference Time ............................................ 110 
REFi .............................................................. 105 
Register................................................... 81, 217 
Registered Notes............................................. 81 
Registrar ......................................................... 62 
Registration Document ................................ i, 24 
Regular Date ................................................... 76 
Regular Period ................................................ 76 
Regulation No. 11971 ................................... 209 
Regulation S ..................................................... 1 
Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes .... 143 
Regulation S Global Registered Note ........... 143 
Regulations ..................................................... 82 
Related Bond .................................................. 76 
Related Payment Date .................................... 76 
Relevant Banking Day .................................... 76 
Relevant Benchmark ...................................... 76 
Relevant Benchmark Determination Date ...... 77 
Relevant Benchmark Related Payment Date .. 77 
Relevant Currency .................................... 77, 96 
Relevant Currency Business Day .................... 78 
Relevant Date ................................................ 124 
Relevant Disrupted Amount............................ 74 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................... 78 
Relevant Financial Centre Day ....................... 78 
Relevant Governmental Body ....................... 110 
Relevant Interest Payment Date .......................... 
 ...................................... 86, 89, 91, 93, 95, 98 
Relevant Interest Period ...................................... 
 ........ 29, 32, 34, 39, 43, 86, 89, 90, 93, 95, 98 
Relevant Level .............................................. 129 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................. 78 
Relevant Number of Calendar Months ........... 98 
Relevant Rate .................................................. 78 
Relevant Reference Asset Fallback  
Provisions .................................................... 78 
Relevant Reference Rate Determination  
Date ........................................................... 113 
Relevant Replacement Rate .......................... 111 
Relevant Screen Page ...................................... 79 
relevant system ............................................... 82 
Relevant Time ................................................. 79 
relevant UKRA ............................................... 13 
Renminbi ................................................... vii, 79 
re-offer spread ............................................... 188 
Replacement Index.............................. 8, 79, 136 
Resettable Notes.............................................. 21 
resident of Japan ........................................... 210 
Residual Designated Maturity ......................... 79 
Reverse Fixed Interest Rate ...................... 33, 89 
Reverse Floating Rate Note ............................ 79 
RMB ......................................................... vii, 79 
RMS Rate Determination .............................. 101 
RMS Reference Rate ....................................... 79 
RUB ................................................................ 77 
S&Ps ................................................................. 1 
SAIBOR .......................................................... 79 
Scheduled FX Fixing Day ....................... 79, 127 
SDG Bond Framework ................................. 194 
Securities Act ............................................... 1, vi 
SEDOL ......................................................... 216 
SEK ................................................................. 77 
Series ............................................................... 62 
Settlement Currency .................................. 26, 79 
Settlement Currency Conversion Rate ............ 79 
Settlement Currency Exchange Rate ............... 79 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction .................... 79 
SFA ....................................................... 147, 211 
SFO ............................................................... 210 
SGD ................................................................ 77 
SIBOR ............................................................. 79 
SIFMA .................................................. 105, 110 
SIMs .............................................................. 199 
SOFR .............................................................. 15 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date .......... 111 
SOFR Index Cessation Event ........................ 111 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment ................... 111 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes .... 111

--- Page 233 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
10154051992-v35 
- 223 - 
 
 
SOFR Replacement Date .............................. 112 
SOFR Replacement Rate .............................. 112 
SOFR Transition Event ................................ 113 
SONIA .................................................... 15, 104 
SOR ................................................................ 79 
Spanish Securities Market Law .................... 210 
Specified Denomination ................................. 79 
Specified Duration .......................................... 80 
Specified Period ............................................. 80 
Specified Swap Rate ....................................... 80 
Spread ...................................... 17, 38, 43, 94, 96 
Spread Linked Rate ........................................ 95 
Spread Linked Rate 1 ......................... 17, 38, 95 
Spread Linked Rate 2 ......................... 17, 38, 95 
Steepener Notes .............................................. 80 
Sterling ........................................................... vii 
STIBOR .......................................................... 80 
structured product ......................................... 210 
Substitute Inflation Index Level ................... 129 
sub-unit .............. 84, 88, 90, 93, 95, 97, 117, 123 
Successor Inflation Index ............................. 130 
Switch Date .................................................. 115 
Switch Option ......................................... 50, 115 
Switch Option Number of Business Days ...... 80 
Talons ............................................................. 62 
TARGET Business Day ................................. 70 
TARGET2 ...................................................... 80 
TEFRA C ...................................................... 140 
TEFRA D ..................................................... 140 
TELBOR ........................................................ 80 
Temporary Global Note ................................ 140 
Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer ........ v 
Threshold Events ............................................ 11 
TIBOR ............................................................ 80 
TIIE ................................................................. 80 
Trade Date ....................................................... 80 
Tranche ........................................................... 62 
Transfer Agent ................................................ 62 
transfer date ..................................................... 80 
Treaty .............................................................. 80 
TRY ................................................................ 77 
TRYIBOR ....................................................... 80 
UAE .............................................................. 213 
UGX ................................................................ 77 
UK CRA Regulation ......................................... 1 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement .................... 113 
Uncertificated Registered Notes ..................... 81 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations ............. 82 
Underlying ......................................................... i 
Underlying Rate .............................................. 19 
United States person ..................................... 141 
Unscheduled Holiday ...................................... 80 
US dollars ....................................................... vii 
US$ ................................................................. vii 
USD .......................................................... vii, 78 
Valoren Number............................................ 216 
Valuation Date ................................................ 80 
White List ..................................................... 203 
WIBOR ........................................................... 80 
WKN ............................................................. 216 
ZAR ................................................................ 78 
Zero Coupon Note........................................... 80 
Zero Coupon Note Reference Price ............ 7, 80 
ZMW ............................................................... 78

--- Page 234 ---
10154051992-v35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, ISSUE AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND 
PAYING AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
CALCULATION AGENTS 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
15, rue Vernet 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
15, rue Vernet 
75008 Paris 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
CREST REGISTRAR 
Computershare Investor Services PLC 
The Pavilions 
Bridgewater Road 
Bristol BS13 8AE 
United Kingdom