--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
€ 20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), HSBC Continental Europe (the 
Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the Notes). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed € 20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). This 
Base Prospectus received the approval number 21-388 on 7 September 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) and shall be in force for a 
period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") not contained herein will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant final terms (the 
Final Terms) (a form of which is contained herein).  
Application has been made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/UE dated 15 May 2014 (each such market being a Regulated Market), as 
amended. Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed and admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in such Member State of the European 
Economic Area (EEA), including, without limitation, the Electronic Bond Market, the regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(MOT), and/or offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in any Member State of the EEA, in each case in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, or may be 
listed on an unregulated stock exchange or market, including, without limitation, the Electronic Bond Market and the EuroTLX Market, the multilateral 
trading facilities of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (ExtraMOT and EuroTLX Market respectively), or may be unlisted.  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and/or offered 
through a Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) where the Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and/or the Member State(s) in 
the EEA where the Notes will be offered through a Non-Exempt Offer.  
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, 
Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), or (ii) in 
registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained 
by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in 
which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will 
subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the Definitive Materialised 
Notes), on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global 
Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global 
Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, or (b) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and 
the Relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Programme is currently rated A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, A1 by Moody's France S.A.S. and AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. The 
long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ (with stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, A1 (with stable outlook) by Moody's France 
S.A.S. and AA- (with negative outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating of a 
Tranche of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms as well as whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA Regulation) as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011 and if so, whether the credit rating agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency without notice.

--- Page 2 ---
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference therein and so long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of the EEA 
and/or offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in any Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant Final Terms are 
available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations).  
Prospective investors should consider the factors described under the section "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the 
Notes. 
 
Arranger 
HSBC 
 
Dealers 
HSBC

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) contains or incorporates 
by reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the Group) which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. The terms and conditions applicable to 
each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") not contained herein (including, 
without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, the issue price, the redemption price thereof, and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the 
purposes for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with any document and/or information which is or may be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents incorporated by Reference" below) and in relation to any Series (as 
defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale 
of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in "Summary of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or 
superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive or IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and 
transfers of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers (except HSBC Continental 
Europe in its capacity as Issuer, and then only to the extent set out under "Person responsible for the 
information given in the Base Prospectus") makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by 
reference therein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any 
information incorporated by reference therein) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus and its investment in the Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to €, Euro, 
euro and EUR are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, references to £, pounds 
sterling and Sterling are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to $, USD and US 
dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to ¥, JPY and Yen are to the 
lawful currency of Japan and references to CHF and Swiss Francs are to the lawful currency of 
Switzerland.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 13 
RETAIL CASCADES .......................................................................................................................................... 23 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 25 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS................................................................................................. 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 35 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 74 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ............................... 75 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 77 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 79 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 102 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 108 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .................................................................................................................... 112

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued pursuant to the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" set out on pages 35 to 73 as completed by the provisions of the relevant Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute 
a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in 
this general description. 
Issuer: 
HSBC Continental Europe. 
Arranger: 
HSBC Bank plc. 
Dealers: 
HSBC Bank plc. 
 
HSBC Continental Europe. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to Permanent Dealers are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect 
of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, only credit institutions and investment 
firms incorporated in a Member State of the European Union (EU) and which 
are authorised by the relevant authority of such member home state to lead-
manage bond issues in such Member State may act (a) as Dealers with 
respect to non-syndicated issues of Notes denominated in Euro and (b) as 
lead manager of issues of Notes denominated in Euro issued on a syndicated 
basis. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to € 20,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Calculation Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be offered through a Non-Exempt Offer or not and/or listed 
and admitted to trading or not, and in each case may be issued on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the 
aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Notes will have a minimum maturity of one month from the date of original 
issue as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, US dollars, Japanese Yen, Swiss Francs, 
Sterling and in any other currency (with the exception of Renminbi) agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination: 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, senior preferred and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank at all times: 
(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and with other 
Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation amiable ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy 
proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights 
of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes rank:  
A. junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred 
exceptions; and  
B. senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3–I-4° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier.  
Senior Preferred Obligations means any obligations (including the Notes)

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
or other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall 
within the category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3–I-3° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all 
unsubordinated debt securities issued by the Issuer prior to 11 December 
2016 constitute Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain events of default as set out in Condition 
10. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of each Tranche will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if 
so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for 
tax reasons. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by French law, the Issuer will 
have to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and 
subject to certain exceptions.  
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the interest payable under any Note shall in all 
instances be at least equal to zero. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by the 
June 2013 FBF Master Agreement, as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française, or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (ISDA) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate or €STR or any successor 
rate or any alternative rate.  
 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may 
also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of 
Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 6(c)(iv) 
for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
participates in the third stage (or any further stage) of European Monetary 
Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in 
Condition 1 (d). 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series, as 
more fully provided in Condition 14 (b). 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) 
or in materialised form (Materialised Notes). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
See Condition 1 for further information. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer(s). With respect to Notes listed on the MOT of Borsa

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Italiana S.p.A., Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be 
cleared through the relevant clearing system’s bridge account with Monte 
Titoli S.p.A., Milan, Italy, as operator of the Monte Titoli system (Piazza 
degli Affari 6, Milan, Italy) and any successor organisation or system (Monte 
Titoli). 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre comptable (for syndicated issues) or the 
Application Form (in case of non-syndicated issues) relating to such Tranche 
shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount.  
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes may be 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in the EEA, including, 
without limitation, the Electronic Bond Market, the regulated market 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (MOT), in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation or on an unregulated stock exchange or market, 
including, without limitation, the Electronic Bond Market and the EuroTLX 
Market, the multilateral trading facilities of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(ExtraMOT and EuroTLX Market respectively), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of 
Notes may be unlisted and not admitted to trading. 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
The Notes may be offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in any Member State 
of the EEA only if so specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating (if 
any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are 
issued by a credit agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA 
Regulation) as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 and if so, 
whether the credit rating agency is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency without notice. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
offering materials in various jurisdictions. See "Subscription and Sale". In 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche, additional 
selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D 
Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor United States Treasury Regulation section, including without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the C Rules) or (ii) such 
Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or 
the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
 
Dematerialised Notes do not require compliance with the TEFRA Rules. 
Available information: 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of 
documents relating to the Issuer (statuts and reports, letters and other 
documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s 
request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus), 
will, when published, be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations). 
 
The (i) Base Prospectus together with all supplements thereto from time to 
time, (ii) the Final Terms related to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market of the EEA, or offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in a 
Member State of the EEA, and (iii) the documents incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) (in relation to (i) and (ii) above) 
and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-
relations) (in relation to (i) and (iii) above).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Risk factors in connection with the Issuer are set out in detail on pages 80 to 163 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document and on pages 18 to 62 of the First Amendment of the Universal registration document 
and Interim Financial Report 2021 which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See section 
entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
The following risk factors are identified as the main risk factors specific to the Issuer that may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition, capital position, reputation, results of operations 
and/or its customers. 
 
Macroeconomic risk; 
 
Geopolitical risk; 
 
Macro-prudential, regulatory and legal risks; and 
 
Risks related to the Issuer's business, business operations, governance and internal control systems. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following paragraphs describe the principal risk factors that the Issuer believes material to the Notes to be 
offered and/or listed and admitted to trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investments in a particular Series of 
Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular situation.  
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for a wide range of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks for 
Noteholders.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features:

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
1.1 
Early Redemption Risks  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In accordance with Condition 7(b) of the Terms and Conditions, the Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. An optional redemption feature 
is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed.  This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholders.  As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. Should the Notes at 
such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' 
anticipated returns would be significant.  
In addition, the Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  As a consequence, part of the 
capital invested by the Noteholders may be lost. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 7(c) of the Terms and Conditions, the Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Exercise of the Put Option 
in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which 
such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which 
the Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in turn 
adversely impact those Noteholders.  
1.2 
Interest Rate Risks  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. In particular, a Noteholder, which pays 
interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such Note could fall as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate Notes is fixed 
during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (market interest rate) 
typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal 
to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would 
typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The 
degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the 
Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in 
Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may 
be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the 
relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This volatility is increased if the Floating Rate Notes include 
a multiplying coefficient. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that 
their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors 
are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the 
Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if 
any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). These reference rates are not pre-defined for the 
lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower 
reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary 
is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the 
amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return 
under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its 
Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applied since 1 January 
2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and CMS Rate) 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to 
revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 
6(c)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", in particular in any of the following circumstances: 
- an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions 
do not apply; and 
- if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on the 
manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in 
certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application 
of a backward-looking risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of 
a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied 
in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation).  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments. These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that 
the fallback provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable. 
However, there are still uncertainties as to the exact implementation of this provision pending the 
implementing acts taken by the European Commission. In addition, the transitional provisions 
applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission 
is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may 
create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the 
implementation of delegated regulations. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, Condition 6(c)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions provide for certain

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered 
rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any 
mid-swap rate, but shall except €STR), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no 
longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with or without 
the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be 
applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions to 
ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time, in all these circumstances other fallback rules might apply if the 
benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period to be used for the following Interest Period(s), as set out in the risk factor 
above entitled “Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks"”.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholders, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such Noteholder.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions allows Notes referencing the Euro short term rate (€STR) to 
be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, as reference rate 
in the capital markets for euro bonds, and its adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered 
rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes 
that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being 
determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. €STR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will 
be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had been 
provided by the European Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such 
Floating Rate Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention 
debt securities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms.  The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market 
value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. The market 
values of Zero Coupon Notes and securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes. 
1.3 
Risks relating to Green Bonds 
As described in the section entitled "Use of proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the net proceeds of the 
issuance of Notes (the Green Bonds) may be applied to refinance finance and/or re-finance, in whole 
or in part, new or existing projects included in Eligible Sectors, as defined in the green bond framework 
dated 6 November 2015 and available on the following website: https://www.hsbc.com/investors/fixed-
income-investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds (the Green Bond Framework), as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be 
defined as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the Taxonomy Regulation). The Taxonomy 
Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides 
companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be 
considered environmentally sustainable. 
As a result, there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes a "green" or an equivalently-labelled lending, and the Eligible Sectors 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Sectors may not meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds so specified to the 
relevant Eligible Sector, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Eligible Sector or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sector, may not be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule as 
expected by the Noteholders. The businesses and projects in such Eligible Sector may not be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Green Bonds. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds from such Green Bonds on projects included in any Eligible Sector 
and/or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused 
investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value and marketability of such Green Bonds 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
and consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
2. 
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to legal issues regarding the Notes: 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or BRRD II), implemented in France by several legislative texts, to provide authorities with 
a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant 
entity. 
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions 
set by BRRD II, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD II 
resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any 
shortfall from the sale of the Issuer’s assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amount of 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of that entity (including, as the case may be, the Notes), or, in a 
worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including, as the case 
may be, the Notes) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other 
instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or 
cancellation being first on common equity tier one instruments (the Issuer’s common equity tier one 
instruments as of 30 June 2021 amount to EUR 6,749,000,000), thereafter the reduction, cancellation or 
conversion being on additional tier one instruments (the Issuer’s additional tier one instruments as of 30 
June 2021 amount to EUR 750,000,000), then tier two instruments and other subordinated debts (the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Issuer’s tier two instruments and other subordinated debts as of 30 June 2021 amount to EUR 
1,876,000,000). The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend the terms (such as variation 
of the maturity) of any outstanding unsecured debt securities (including, as the case may be, the Notes).  
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last 
resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, to the 
maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD II or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
French Insolvency Law  
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer. Except as 
otherwise provided by the relevant Final Terms, Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in 
Condition 12. However, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically 
grouped into a single assembly of holders (the Assembly) in order to defend their common interests if a 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde 
financière accélérée), or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is 
opened in France with respect to the Issuer.  
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), 
whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as a Euro Medium Term Note Programme) and 
regardless of their governing law.  
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), accelerated 
safeguard plan (plan de sauvegarde accélérée), accelerated financial safeguard plan (plan de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) or judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) 
applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to:  
 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling payments which are due and/or partially or totally writing-off debts;  
 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or  
 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into securities that give or may give 
right to share capital.  
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the 
amount of debt securities held by the holders attending such Assembly or represented thereat). No 
quorum is required to convoke of the Assembly.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described 
in the Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus and, if applicable, the relevant Final Terms 
will only be applicable to the extent they do not conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions 
that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures that are described above, as they may be amended from time to time, could have an 
adverse impact on Noteholders seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer were to become 
insolvent.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly could 
substantially impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should 
they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification of the Conditions 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions contains provisions for holding a General Meeting or taking 
a Written Decision, as defined in Condition 12, affecting the common interests of the Noteholders. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend or were not represented at the relevant General Meeting or Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority or did not consent to the Written Decision. Collective Decisions can be taken 
on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for 
arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial 
decisions, as more fully described in Condition 12. If a decision is adopted by a majority of 
Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have 
a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
3. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
 Market value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected 
by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, 
the volatility of market interests and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. 
Accordingly, all or part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the 
Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of 
capital invested. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  Therefore, 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the 
case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at 
a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities.   
Although application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, and/or any other Regulated Market in the European Economic

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Area, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted or an active trading market may not 
develop. Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be 
illiquid. As a consequence, Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will 
enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.   
As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected. This may result in a 
significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency 
is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
RETAIL CASCADES 
In the context of any offer of Notes in France, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and/or Italy (the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions) that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended or superseded, (a Non-Exempt Offer), and without prejudice to the 
possibility for the Issuer to appoint financial intermediaries to place the Notes in the context of a non-exempt 
offer in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, the Issuer may consent to the use of the Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms (the Prospectus) in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Offer Period) and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by:  
(1) any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2004/39/EC specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules 
relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to 
any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer and considers the relevant manufacturer’s target market 
assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the 
relevant Final Terms; (c) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by 
that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors 
or potential investors; (d) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permits required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (e) retains investor identification 
records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such 
records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, prevention of corruption and client 
identification applicable to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (f) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation 
or consent in any jurisdiction; and (g) satisfies any further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms, (in 
each case an Authorised Offeror). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any 
obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to 
whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period 
for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the 
actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such 
offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF.  
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to 
use the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors 
after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to 
such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of 
the relevant Final Terms at http://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations/debt-issuance.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer 
Period, any such Authorised Officer is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its 
website a statement confirming that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the 
consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto.  
Other than as set out above, and without prejudice to the possibility for the Issuer to appoint financial 
intermediaries to place the Notes in the context of a non-exempt offer in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, 
neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any person in 
any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of any 
Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and 
none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions 
of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to the price, allotment, settlement/delivery arrangements and any costs or taxes to be invoiced to the 
Investor (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer). The Issuer will not be a party to any such 
arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, 
accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time 
of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents (excluding any 
documents incorporated by reference in such documents) which have been previously published and filed with 
the AMF and which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
the French language version of the Issuer’s Document d’enregistrement universel et rapport financier 
annuel 2020 filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 24 February 2021 under No. D.21-0075 
(the 2020 Universal Registration Document): https://www.hsbc.com/-/files/hsbc/investors/hsbc-
results/2020/annual/pdfs/hsbc-continental-europe/210224-registration-document-and-annual-financial-
report-2020-french.pdf; 
 
the French language version of the Issuer’s 2019 Document d’enregistrement universel filed with the 
Autorité des marchés financiers on 19 February 2020 under No. D.20-0071 (the 2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document): 
https://www.hsbc.com/-/files/hsbc/investors/investing-in-hsbc/all-
reporting/subsidiaries/2019/annual-results/hsbc-france/200219-hbfr-ara-2019-fr.pdf;  
 
the French language version of the 1er Amendment au Document d’enregistrement universel et Rapport 
Financier Semestriel 2021 filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 2 August 2021 under No. 
D.21-0075-A01 (the First Amendment of the Universal registration document and Interim 
Financial 
Report 
2021): 
https://www.hsbc.com/-/files/hsbc/investors/hsbc-
results/2021/interim/pdfs/hsbc-continental-europe/210802-hbce-1st-amendement-fr.pdf ; 
 
the Issuer's Capital and Risk Management Pillar 3 Disclosures as at 31 December 2020 (the HSBC 
Continental Europe Pillar 3 Disclosures): https://www.hsbc.com/-/files/hsbc/investors/hsbc-
results/2020/annual/pdfs/hsbc-continental-europe/210224-hsbc-continental-europe-pillar-3-at-2020-
dec-31.pdf; and  
 
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the following base prospectuses / offering circular relating to the 
Programme:  
(i) 
Offering Circular dated 20 September 2004 (pages 15 to 50): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/prospectus-de-base-
emtn-2004.pdf,  
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 28 November 2005 (pages 40 to 74): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/prospectus-de-base-
emtn.pdf,  
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2006 (pages 56 to 116): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-base-prospectus-
final.pdf,  
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2007 (pages 57 to 118): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/bp-hsbc-final.pdf,  
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 21 October 2008 (pages 54 to 115): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/bp-hsbc-final-
2008.pdf,  
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2009 (pages 42 to 103): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/prospectus-de-base-
emtn-2009.pdf,

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2010 (pages 47 to 108): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/prospectus-de-base-
emtn-2010.pdf,  
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2011 (pages 45 to 106): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-base-
prospectus-2011.pdf,  
(ix) 
Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2012 (pages 55 to 84): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-base-
prospectus-2012.pdf,  
(x) 
Base Prospectus dated 16 January 2014 (pages 63 to 90): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/pa-11931148-v1-hsbc-
emtn-2014-base-prospectus-with-visa.pdf,  
(xi) 
Base Prospectus dated 12 December 2014 (pages 56 to 83): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-final-base-
prospectus-with-visa.pdf,  
(xii) 
Base Prospectus dated 7 January 2016 (pages 59 to 86): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-emtn-
update-final-base-prospectus-including-visa.pdf,  
(xiii) 
Base Prospectus dated 17 January 2017 (pages 65 to 92): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-emtn-
base-prospectus-with-visa-jan-2017.pdf,  
(xiv) 
Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2017 (pages 67 to 96): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-emtn-
base-prospectus-with-visa-sept-2017.pdf, 
(xv) 
Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2018 (pages 70 to 98): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-emtn-
base-prospectus-with-visa-sept-2018.pdf, and 
(xvi) 
Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2019 (pages 72 to 105): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-emtn-
base-prospectus-april-2019.pdf,  
(xvii) 
Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2020 (pages 33 to 71): https://www.about.hsbc.fr/-
/media/france/en/investors-relations/debt-issuance/issuance-programmes/hsbc-france-emtn-
base-prospectus-april-2020.pdf . 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).   
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. In addition such 
documents will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross 
reference list below. Any information not listed in the cross reference list but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference is given for information purposes only. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to 
be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the Commission Delegated Regulation) is referred to 
in the cross-reference table below. 
Non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference this Base Prospectus are either not relevant 
for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list 
below, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE  
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation  
2019 Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(unless otherwise 
specified) 
First 
Amendment of 
the Universal 
registration 
document and 
Interim 
Financial 
Report 2021 
3. RISK FACTORS 
 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect 
the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk 
Factors’. 
 
Pages 80 to 163 
 
Pages 14 to 33 of the 
HSBC Continental 
Europe Pillar 3 
Disclosures 
Pages 18 to 62 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 History and development of the 
issuer 
 
Page 278 
 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of 
the issuer 
 
Page 277 
 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the 
issuer, its registration number and legal 
entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
 
Page 277 
 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the 
length of life of the issuer, except where 
the period is indefinite. 
 
Page 277 
 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the 
issuer, the legislation under which the 
issuer 
operates, 
its 
country 
of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone 
number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of 
the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form 
part 
of 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information is incorporated by reference 
into the prospectus. 
 
Page 277 
 
4.1.5 Details of any recent events 
particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of 
the issuer’s solvency. 
 
Pages 4, 8 and 9 
Pages 4 to 7 and 
70 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
Pages 4, 8, 9 to 20, 
240 and 241 
Pages 4 to 17 
5.1.1 A description of the issuer’s 
principal activities, including: 
(a) the main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; 
(b) an indication of any significant new 
products or activities; 
 
Pages 4, 8, 9 to 20, 
240 and 241 
Pages 4 to 17

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE  
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation  
2019 Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(unless otherwise 
specified) 
First 
Amendment of 
the Universal 
registration 
document and 
Interim 
Financial 
Report 2021 
(c) the principal markets in which the 
issuer competes. 
5.2 The basis for any statements made by 
the issuer regarding 
its competitive 
position. 
 
Pages 4 to 21 
Page 4 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure. 
 
Pages 3 to 21, 263 
and 272 to 275 
 
6.2 If the issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly stated together with an explanation 
of this dependence. 
 
Pages 272 to 274 
 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
9.1 
Names, 
business 
addresses 
and 
functions 
within 
the 
issuer 
of 
the 
following persons and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them 
outside of that issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a share 
capital. 
 
Pages 23 to 30 
Page 10 
9.2 Administrative, management, and 
supervisory bodies’ conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the issuer, of the persons referred 
to in item 9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. 
In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be 
made. 
 
Page 39 
 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, 
state whether the issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the nature of such 
control and describe the measures in place 
to ensure that such control is not abused. 
 
Pages 277 to 279

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE  
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation  
2019 Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(unless otherwise 
specified) 
First 
Amendment of 
the Universal 
registration 
document and 
Interim 
Financial 
Report 2021 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Audited 
historical 
financial 
information covering the latest 
two 
financial years (or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation) and the 
audit report in respect of each year. 
pages 155-221 
Pages 164-230 
 
11.1.3 Accounting Standards 
The 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed 
in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002. 
Pages 155-221 
Pages 164-230 
 
11.1.6 Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in the registration document. 
Pages 155-221 
Pages 164-230 
 
11.1.7 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information statements 
may not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document. 
 
Page 167 
 
11.2 Interim and other financial information  
11.2.1 If the issuer has published quarterly 
or half yearly financial information since 
the date of its last audited financial 
statements, these must be included in the 
registration document. If the quarterly or 
half yearly financial information has been 
reviewed or audited, the audit or review 
report must also be included. If the 
quarterly 
or 
half 
yearly 
financial 
information is not audited or has not been 
reviewed state that fact. 
 
 
Pages 63 to 83 
11.3 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.3.1 The historical annual financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply, the historical financial information 
Pages 222-225 
Pages 231-236

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE  
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation  
2019 Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(unless otherwise 
specified) 
First 
Amendment of 
the Universal 
registration 
document and 
Interim 
Financial 
Report 2021 
must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or 
an equivalent standard. 
11.3.1a Where audit reports on the 
historical financial information have been 
refused by the statutory auditors or where 
they contain qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced 
in full. 
Page 222 
Page 231 
 
11.3.2 Indication of other information in 
the registration document which has been 
audited by the auditors. 
Pages 50-52 
Pages 50-52 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.4.1 Information on any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
 
Pages 149 to 151, 
224 to 225, 261 to 
262 
Pages 80 to 82 
11.5 Significant change in the issuer’s financial position 
11.5.1 A description of any significant 
change in the financial position of the 
group which has occurred since the end 
of the last financial period for which 
either audited financial information or 
interim financial information have been 
published, or provide an appropriate 
negative statement.  
 
 
Page 82 
12. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
12.1 Share capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the 
number and classes of the shares of which 
it is composed with details of their 
principal characteristics, the part of the 
issued capital still to be paid up with an 
indication of the number, or total nominal 
 
Pages 19, 226 and 
262

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE  
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation  
2019 Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(unless otherwise 
specified) 
First 
Amendment of 
the Universal 
registration 
document and 
Interim 
Financial 
Report 2021 
value and the type of the shares not yet 
fully paid up, broken down where 
applicable according to the extent to which 
they have been paid up. 
12.2 Memorandum and Articles of 
Association 
The register and the entry number therein, 
if applicable, and a description of the 
issuer’s objects and purposes and where 
they can be found in the memorandum and 
articles of association. 
 
Page 277-278 
 
13. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
13.1 A brief summary of all material 
contracts that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of the issuer’s business, 
which could result in any group member 
being 
under 
an 
obligation 
or 
an 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to security 
holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
 
Page 279 
 
 
The sections "Terms and Conditions" of the bases prospectuses / offering circular referred to in the table below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes already issued with the "Terms and Conditions" 
of the relevant bases prospectus or offering circular. 
 
Terms and Conditions of the bases prospectuses / offering circular 
Offering Circular dated 20 September 2004 
pages 15 to 50 
Base Prospectus dated 28 November 2005 
pages 40 to 74 
Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2006 
pages 56 to 116 
Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2007 
pages 57 to 118 
Base Prospectus dated 21 October 2008 
pages 54 to 115 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2009 
pages 42 to 103 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2010  
pages 47 to 108 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2011 
pages 45 to 106 
Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2012 
pages 55 to 84 
Base Prospectus dated 16 January 2014 
pages 63 to 90 
Base Prospectus dated 12 December 2014 
pages 56 to 83

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 7 January 2016 
pages 59 to 86 
Base Prospectus dated 17 January 2017 
pages 65 to 92 
Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2017 
pages 67 to 96 
Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2018 
pages 70 to 98 
Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2019  
pages 72 to 105 
Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2020 
pages 33 to 71  
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses / offering circular referred to in the table above are not relevant 
for the investors.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 as amended, 
following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy or omission 
relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the "Terms 
and Conditions" of the Notes) which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of 
any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a 
Member State of the EEA or to be offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in France or in any Member State of the 
EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2a of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are offered 
through a Non-Exempt Offer, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of this 
supplement, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of 
the Non-Exempt Offer and the delivery of the Notes. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the 
relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed by the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions 
will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms. References below to Conditions are, unless the context requires otherwise, 
to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by HSBC Continental Europe (the Issuer) on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, in 
series (each a Series) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the 
first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, 
redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder and which, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue 
and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms).  
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 7 September 2021 
(the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent and principal 
paying agent, and HSBC Bank plc as calculation agent. The fiscal agent, the paying agent(s), and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), and the Calculation Agent(s). The holders of the interest 
coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons (the Talons) for further Coupons are respectively referred to below as the Couponholders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated in a 
member state of the European Economic Area (EEA) as defined in the markets in financial instruments 
directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of 
the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which 
shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
(Definitive Materialised Notes) are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, 
where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons 
and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes constituting obligations 
under French law) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside 
the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more 
clearing system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, including, for Notes listed on 
the MOT of Borsa Italiana S.p.A., Monte Titoli (through the relevant Clearing System’s 
bridge account). 
(iii) 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Specified Denomination(s)). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
in the United Kingdom will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer 
of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Noteholder 
(as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership,

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, 
Noteholder or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (b) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talons relating 
to it. 
Outstanding means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to 
the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid as provided 
in Condition 7, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided 
in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised 
Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive 
Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent 
that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its 
provisions. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent 
of the Noteholder, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days' notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national 
currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single 
currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the EC), as amended from time to time (the Treaty) 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as more fully described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting 
the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so 
elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a 
denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency 
shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent, in connection with any 
redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, 
without the consent of the Noteholder, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to 
these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable 
business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated Euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the Noteholder, Coupon or Talon or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euros or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form, (au nominatif administré). 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the holder 
of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and 
vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with Article 
R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of 
such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
3. 
Status 
The Notes, and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, senior preferred and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank at all times: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with other Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable ou 
liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting 
the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes rank:  
A. 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions; and  
B. 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3–I-
4° of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
Senior Preferred Obligations means any obligations (including the Notes) or other instruments issued 
by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in article 
L.613-30-3–I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all 
unsubordinated debt securities issued by the Issuer prior to 11 December 2016 constitute Senior 
Preferred Obligations. 
By the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority of the Issuer, the 
outstanding amount of Notes may notably be reduced (in whole or in part), converted into shares (in 
whole or in part) or cancelled and/or the maturity of the Notes or the amount of interest or the date on 
which the interest becomes payable may be amended. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
2021 ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at 
the Issue Date. 
Benchmark means the Reference Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto (the TARGET 2 
System) is operating (a TARGET Business Day), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres so specified. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual-ISDA, Act/Act or Act/Act-ISDA or Actual/365-FBF is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual-ICMA or Act/Act-ICMA is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where Determination Period means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
if Actual/Actual-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 
if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of 
more than one year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set 
out in the first paragraph of this definition. 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
(v) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
D1)]
 - 
(D2
 
 
M1)]
 - 
(M2
 x 
[30
 
 
Y1)]
 - 
Y2
 (
 x 
[[360
 x 
360
1
Fraction 
Count 
Day 



 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if 30/360-FBF or Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and 
whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the 
following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor 
the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of 31 days.  
The fraction is: 
(30,31)
 
 
dd1
 
and
 
31
 
 
dd2
 
If


 
then: 
dd1)]
– 
 
(dd2
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
x 
360
1


 
or 
30)]
 , 
(dd1
Min 
– 
 
30)
 , 
(dd2
Min 
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
 x 
360
1


 
Where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
D1)]
 - 
(D2
 
 
M1)]
 - 
(M2
 x 
[30
 
 
Y1)]
 - 
Y2
 (
 x 
[[360
 x 
360
1
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 




--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if 30E/360-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, 
the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed 
during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject 
to the following exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of 
days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days. 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
30)]
 , 
(dd1
Min 
– 
 
30)
 , 
(dd2
Min 
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
 x 
360
1


 
(x) 
if 30E/360-ISDA is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
D1)]
 - 
(D2
 
 
M1)]
 - 
(M2
 x 
[30
 
 
Y1)]
 - 
Y2
 (
 x 
[[360
 x 
360
1
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 



 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the FBF Master

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Agreement) (including, for the sake of clarity, the FBF Benchmark Events Technical Schedule 
published in 2020), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
Euro. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Margin means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the applicable 
Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, it being specified that such margin can 
have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or €STR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either 
EURIBOR, CMS Rate or €STR (or any successor or replacement rate). 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference 
Rate.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
5. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest (Fixed Coupon Amount) or a broken amount of interest (Broken 
Amount) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest shall do so on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean 
each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on 
an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application 
of that Business Day Convention. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined according to the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, FBF 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (together the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(c) Compounding with Lockout; or 
(d) IOS Compounding. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation 
shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such 
purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout and OIS Compounding and Swap Transaction have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest 
Period.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
(ii) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (ii), FBF Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
(Echange) in the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(B) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), Floating Rate and Floating Rate Determination 
Date are translations of the French terms Taux Variable, Agent and Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable, respectively, which have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
6(c)(iv) below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes 
will be determined as provided hereon.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in  the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Rate Multiplier 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
applicable) to Condition 6(c)(iv) below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
(A) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date: (i) the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the 
CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest 
quotations and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any Interest 
Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute 
discretion (or, if the Notes are listed on MOT and/or admitted to 
trading on ExtraMOT and/or on the EuroTLX Market, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), in 
accordance with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
(B) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Specified Currency 
is Euro, the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the 
inter-bank market, (ii) where the Specified Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Specified Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five 
leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or 
(iv) in the case of any other Specified Currency, the principal 
relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Calculation Agent (if the Notes are listed on MOT and/or 
admitted to trading on ExtraMOT and/or on the EuroTLX Market, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner).  
Designated Maturity, Margin, Relevant Screen Page and 
Relevant Time shall have the meaning given to those terms in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Reference Currency means the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Relevant Swap Rate means:  
(A) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market 
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in 
each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the then 
prevailing standard market practice or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(B) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if 
the Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap 
rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as 
defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event 
and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after that 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall 
be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, 
(i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if 
the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than 
the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
do is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which 
rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and 
the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the 
Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
EDFR Spread means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) TARGET 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 (thirty) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
€STR Observation Period means in respect of any Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from and including the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR Observation Period 
shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; 
ni for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or 
any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iv) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide 
for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 6(c)(iii) (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall 
not apply to €STR). 
 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)(B)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)(C)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iv) shall act in 
good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iv). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(1)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 6(c)(iv)); or 
(2)  
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6(c)(iv)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 6(c)(iv)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv) and the Independent Adviser determines in 
good faith (i) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(iv)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative 
(if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(c)(iv). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(F) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallbacks for the Original Reference Rate 
specified in Condition 6(c)(iii), namely the Rate of Interest determined on the 
preceding Interest Determination Date will continue to apply to such determination 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6(c)(iv), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, 
if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
other fallbacks specified in Condition 6(c)(iii), will continue to apply in accordance 
with their terms). 
(G) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6(c)(iv): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
(2) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(1) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(3) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv) and 
which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(i);  
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months;  
(6)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of 
the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that its 
method of calculation has significantly changed; 
(7) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); or 
(8) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as 
amended of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6(c)(iv)(A); 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, 
following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having 
regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date pursuant to an Issuer's Option or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to 
Condition 7(d) or otherwise and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(d)(i)). 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, payment on such due date; or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, payment 
upon due presentation is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Rate Multiplier, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
If any Margin and/or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case 
of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a 
negative number) the absolute value of such Margin and/or multiplying the Reference Rate by the Rate 
Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Amount payable under any Note 
shall in all instances be at least equal to zero. 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (w) if FBF Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit 
of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts  
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms) of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market of the EEA or on an unregulated stock exchange and the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market or such unregulated stock exchange so require, such Regulated Market or such 
unregulated stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market or such unregulated stock exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(b), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
Condition 1(c) above). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(acting through its principal Paris office, as appropriate, or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock exchange(s) and the applicable rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market or that stock exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. With respect to the Notes to be listed on MOT and/or 
to be admitted to trading on ExtraMOT and/or on the EuroTLX Market, the Calculation Agent will act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
which is its nominal amount (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes).    
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (being the nominal amount) together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes which shall be at their Amortised Nominal 
Amount as defined in Condition 7(d)(i)), if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent 
authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, a list of any Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (being the nominal amount) together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes which shall be 
its Amortised Nominal Amount as defined in Condition 7(d)(i)). 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option 
exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtained during normal business hours from any 
Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the 
Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the 
prior consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(b), 7(c) and 7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount or Early Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the (i) Optional Redemption 
Amount  of any such Note shall be, with respect to Conditions 7(b) and 7(c), the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted 
at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Optional Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date (the Amortisation 
Yield)) compounded annually and (ii) Early Redemption Amount, with respect to 
Condition 7(e) and 10, (x) if "Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and Reference Price" is 
specified as the "Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, the early 
redemption amount payable in respect of such Notes will be the sum of a reference 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms known as the "Zero Coupon Note 
Reference Price" and the product of an annually compounded percentage rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms known as the Accrual Yield applied to the Zero 
Coupon Note Reference Price over a period from the issue date to the date of early 
redemption or (y) if "Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and Reference Price" is not 
specified as the "Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, the early 
redemption amount payable in respect of such Note will be (a) the amount specified 
as the "Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, or (b) the fair market 
value set out in Condition 7(d)(ii)(iii) if "Fair Market Value" is specified as the 
"Early Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms. If Fair Market Value Floor 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Fair Market 
Value shall in no event be less than the amount equal to the percentage per Specified

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Denomination specified as the Fair Market Value Floor Percentage in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition7(b), 7(c) and 7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Optional 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such Note 
as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable was the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (as well after as before judgement) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 6(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as specified in Condition 4. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(e) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
either (i) the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption or (ii) a percentage of the Specified Denomination as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for such Note or (iii) the fair market value of each Note (which for the Notes 
listed on MOT and/or admitted to trading on ExtraMOT and/or on the EuroTLX Market,  may 
not be less than the nominal amount) in relation to its early redemption date, as determined by 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, less, except for Notes listed on MOT and/or admitted to 
trading on ExtraMOT and/or on the EuroTLX Market, any reasonable costs and expenses of 
the Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and/or funding arrangements,  and any such calculation of the fair market value shall 
have the effect of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of 
the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early 
redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. For the purposes of 
calculating the Fair Market Value following an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10 
only, in determining the fair market value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations 
in respect of the Notes. In addition, if Fair Market Value Floor is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, then the Fair Market Value shall in no event be less than the 
amount equal to the percentage per Specified Denomination specified as the 'Fair Market 
Value Floor Percentage' in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal, interest or other revenues due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 9(b) below, the Issuer

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal, interest and other revenues without withholding or deduction for 
French taxes. 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 9(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than 7 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment 
Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date 
for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date 
on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is 
passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(f) 
Purchases 
In compliance with applicable law and regulation, the Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
(including by tender offer) at any price. 
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the Final Terms, Notes so 
purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and/or regulations 
or cancelled in accordance with Condition 7 (g) below. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer to be cancelled, will be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary 
Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the 
relevant Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the 
Specified Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the 
payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the Euro-zone, and, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 
11) or, if later, 5 years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note becomes due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Registration Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as 
independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and 
to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or 
additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions 
so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities provided 
that (A) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
applicable to that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg, and (B) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules 
applicable to that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent allowed to 
provide in France services relating to issues of securities within the meaning of Directive 2006/48/EC 
relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions, (v) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, and (vi) such other agents as may

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to 
trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 11). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder or 
Couponholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. In this paragraph, business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centres in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the 
case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, 
to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature in respect of such Notes or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
More than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except 
to the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
interest shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts, any Arrears of Interest as the case 
may be, and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
10. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 12) acting on its own initiative or upon request of any 
Noteholder, may, upon written notice addressed on behalf of the Masse (as defined in Condition 12) to 
the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer) given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the 
principal amount of all the Notes (and not some only) to become due and payable, together with any 
accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal 
Agent if: 
(i) 
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note 
(including the payment of any additional amounts mentioned in Condition 9) when 
due and payable and such default shall continue for more than thirty (30) days 
thereafter; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of any of its other obligations under the 
Notes and such default has not been cured within forty-five (45) days after the receipt 
by the Fiscal Agent of the written notice of such default by the Representative or a 
Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer applies for or is subject to a judgement rendered (i) for its judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or (ii) for a transfer of the whole of the business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise) or the Issuer makes any assignment for the benefit of, 
or enters into any agreement with, its creditors. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes, Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
years (in the case of principal) or 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
12. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the Masse), which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-71 and 
R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 12. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with 
the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by consent 
following a written consultation (the Written Consultation). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder 
to participate in Collective Decision will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for 
the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(A) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30th) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and 
the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two months after such demand, the Noteholders 
may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one fifth (1/5th) of the principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The 
decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of 
votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
in accordance with Condition 12(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to 
the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) 
calendar days prior to the date of the General Meetings on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy 
or by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the 
General Meeting on second convocation. 
(B) 
Written Decisions and Electronic Consent 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be 
taken by a Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not 
less than 66.67 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, without having 
to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 12(d)(A). Any 
Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at 
a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French 
Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (the Electronic 
Consent). 
(C) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
 
 
The following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the 
 
Notes: 
(i) Article L.228-65 I. 1° requiring prior approval by Collective Decision for 
proposed changes to the form or corporate objects of the Issuer; 
(ii) Articles L.228-65 I. 3°, L.236-13 and L.236-18 requiring prior approval by 
Collective Decision for any proposed merger or spin-off; 
(iii) Article L.228-65 I. 4° requiring prior approval by Collective Decision for 
issuance of notes guaranteed by security (sûreté réelle). 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be 
imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for 
the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder will exercise all the powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce, as supplemented 
by these Terms and Conditions. Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have 
taken in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part 
of the Notes of such Series.  
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 12 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications. 
(A) 
Condition 12(d)(C) shall not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(B) 
Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 
12(e) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"12(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7(f) that are held by it and not cancelled. 
13. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the 
fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
14. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French Law) with the Notes 
provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects save as to the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of 
such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to Notes shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), 
may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on 
giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated in 
Euro with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of 
the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in 
Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods 
subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published (i) so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Échos) or (ii) in a daily leading newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe, or (iii) they are published following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 
of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock 
exchange(s) and the applicable rules of that Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange 
so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or unregulated stock exchange(s) on 
which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is/are located and (iv) (a) so long as the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market, notices may also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu), or (b) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on MOT or 
ExtraMOT, notices may also be published, if and so long as the rules of the exchange so 
require, by the Issuer on the website of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (www.borsaitaliana.it) and in any 
event in compliance with Borsa Italiana’s procedures, or (c) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on the Euro TLX Market, notices may be published by the Issuer in 
compliance with EuroTLX’s procedures.  
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the mailing or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Échos) or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe, or (c) they are published following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock exchange(s) and the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market(s) or unregulated stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading is/are located and (d) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market, notices may also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(c) 
Any notice given by publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared, including Monte Titoli (through the relevant Clearing 
System’s bridge account), in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions 15 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as such Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange(s) and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so require, notices shall also be 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock 
exchange(s) on which such Notes is/are listed. 
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 12 and pursuant to Articles 
R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (for the avoidance of doubt) 
Conditions 15(a), (b), (c), (d) shall not apply to such notice. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes Coupons or Talons may be brought before 
any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) be applied by the 
Issuer either: 
 
to be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
 
in the case of Green Bonds, to finance or refinance eligible businesses and projects in Eligible Sectors 
as defined in the Green Bond Framework; or 
 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above). 
In relation to Green Bonds, the Green Bond Framework (available on the following website: 
https://www.hsbc.com/investor-relations/fixed-income-investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds) complies with 
the Green Bond Principles (the GBP) published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2018 
edition. It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the GBP and evolutions in the Issuer’s 
activities.  
Management of Proceeds 
The Issuer will track the use of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds via its internal information systems. 
Reporting of Use of Proceeds 
The Issuer will provide a green progress report (the Green Progress Report) on an annual basis including:  
- 
aggregate amounts of funds allocated to each of the Eligible Sectors together with a description of the 
types of business and projects financed;  
- 
the remaining balance of unallocated Green Bond proceeds at the reporting period end; and  
- 
confirmation that the use of proceeds of the Green Bond(s) issued conforms with the Green Bond 
Framework. 
Assurance 
The Issuer will obtain a second party opinion from an appropriate provider (the Second Party Opinion) to 
confirm the validity of the Green Bond Framework. This Second Party Opinion document is available on HSBC 
Group Investor Relations webpage, hsbc.com. 
For each issue of Green Bonds under the Green Bond Framework, the Issuer will engage an appropriate external 
assurance provider to independently assure the Green Progress Report, on an annual basis, and opine on its 
conformity with the Green Bond Framework.  
The annual Green Progress Report and related assurance report will be made available, to the public at the 
HSBC Group Investor Relations webpage, hsbc.com. 
As a result, assurance shall be provided (i) before any issue of Green Bonds by the Second Party Opinion 
covering the Green Bond Framework and (ii) after any issue of Green Bonds under the Green Bond Framework, 
by the provision of the Green Progress Report by an external assurance provider, on an annual basis.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES 
IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, which will be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the Tranche with a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global 
Certificate with a Common Depositary, Euroclear, Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the U.S Treasury regulation section 1.163–5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA C) under the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (TEFRA) or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Summary of 
the Programme -Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification, if required under subsection 3 of the U.S 
Treasury regulation section 1.163–5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA D), as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the 
Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in 
relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes 
will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of 40 days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further Materialised

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Notes which are to be consolidated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day 
pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling 
after the expiry of 40 days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 1 year (and that are not relying on the 
TEFRA C Rules), the Definitive Materialised Note shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
TAXATION  
The following is an overview limited to certain withholding tax considerations in France relating to the Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme and specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the 
Notes withheld at source. This overview is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and/or interpretation thereof that may take effect after such 
date (potentially with a retroactive effect). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe, purchase, hold, dispose of or redeem the 
Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax 
consequences of any investment in or ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to holders of Notes who do not concurrently hold shares in the Issuer.  
Notes which are not assimilated (assimilables) with notes issued before 1 March 2010 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer with respect to Notes (other than Notes 
which are assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and form a single series with notes issued 
before 1 March 2010 having the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French Code général des impôts) will not 
be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless 
such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) 
within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other 
than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made 
outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the 
French Code général des impôts, a 75% withholding tax will be applicable by virtue of Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty).  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other assimilated 
revenues on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to 
persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial 
institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, 
any such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be recharacterised as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-
deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 
119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8% for payments benefiting individuals who 
are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the first sentence of the 
second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts (e.g. 26.5% for fiscal years beginning 
as from 1 January 2021) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 
75% for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of 
Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable 
provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other assimilated revenues relate to genuine 
transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect 
of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was not that 
of allowing the payments of interest and other assimilated revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the 
Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 and BOI-
INT-DG-20-50-20, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any 
proof of the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes if such Notes are:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(A) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer in 
a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; and/or 
(B) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of 
such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
(C) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery 
and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or 
operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Notes which are assimilated (assimilables) with notes issued before 1 March 2010 
Payments of interest and other revenues with respect to Notes which are assimilated (assimilables for the 
purpose of French law) and form a single series with notes issued before 1 March 2010 with the benefit of 
Article 131 quater of the French Code général des impôts will be exempt from the withholding tax set out under 
Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts. 
Notes issued before 1 March 2010, whether denominated in Euro or in any other currency, and constituting 
obligations under French law, or titres de créances négociables within the meaning of the Bulletin Officiel des 
Finances Publiques-Impôts BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30 or other debt securities issued under French or 
foreign law and considered by the French tax authorities as falling into similar categories, are deemed to be 
issued outside France for the purpose of Article 131 quater of the French Code général des impôts, in 
accordance with the aforementioned Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts. 
In addition, interest and other revenues paid by the Issuer on Notes which are to be assimilated (assimilables for 
the purpose of French law) and form a single series with notes issued before 1 March 2010 will not be subject to 
the Deductibility Exclusion and hence will not be subject to the withholding tax set out in Article 119 bis 2 of 
the French Code général des impôts solely on account of their being paid to an account held with a financial 
institution established in a Non-Cooperative State or accrued or paid to persons established or domiciled in a 
Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts, where the paying agent (établissement 
payeur) is established in France and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding tax, 
which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at a global 
rate of 17.2% on such interest and similar revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled 
(domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[The Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2021 expires on 7 September  2022. The updated Base 
Prospectus shall be available on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (http://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations/debt-issuance).]1  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]4. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
                                                          
1  
To be included in the case of a public offer which offer period expires after the expiry date of this Base Prospectus. 
2  
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8(ix) of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(ix) of Part B 
below. 
3  
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8(x) of Part 
B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(x) of Part B 
below. 
4  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only 
envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]5 
6[7UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market8] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; EITHER9 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR10 [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].[Consider any negative target 
market]11. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
                                                                                                                                                                                    
necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are 
seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market 
approach. 
6 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no 
UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
7   
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market 
approach. 
8  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only 
envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed 
necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are 
seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
9  
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
10  
Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, 
pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under 
Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
11  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only 
envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed 
necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are 
seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]12.]]13 
1415[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER16 [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR17 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]. [Consider any negative target market18] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]19 20.]] 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
                                                          
12  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
13  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
14  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no 
UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
15   
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
16  
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
17   
Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
18  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only 
envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed 
necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are 
seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
19  
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
20  
Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an 
approval of this document or a drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a 
non-exempt basis.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
LEI: F0HUI1NY1AZMJMD8LP67  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the € 20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A– CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-
388 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) on 7 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended from time to time (the Base Prospectus).  [The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended from time to time and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]21 [These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] are available for viewing on the websites of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-
france.org) and the Issuer (http://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations/debt-issuance) at least during a period of 
twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus.]22 [In addition23, the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] [].]] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the [Offering Circular dated 20 September 2004 / Base Prospectus dated 28 November 
2005 / Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2006 / Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2007 / Base Prospectus 
dated 21 October 2008 / Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2009 / Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2010 / Base 
Prospectus dated 5 October 2011 / Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2012 / Base Prospectus dated 16 January 
2014 / Base Prospectus dated 12 December 2014/ Base Prospectus dated 7 January 2016 / Base Prospectus dated 
17 January 2017 / Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2017 / Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2018 / Base 
Prospectus dated 12 April 2019 / Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2020] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Prospectus Regulation, as amended from time to time and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-388 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) on 7 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
                                                          
21  
Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
22  
If the Notes are listed on a Regulated Market and/or offered to retail investors in any Member State of the EEA in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. 
23  
If the Notes are listed on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Terms.]24 [These Final Terms, (including the Conditions) and the Base Prospectus are available for viewing on 
the websites of (a) (the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) at least during a period of twelve 
months from the date of the Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer (http://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-
relations/debt-issuance)]25  [In addition, the Final Terms (including the Conditions) and the Base Prospectus 
dated 7 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available for viewing [on/at] [].]26] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form 
a single Series [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date / exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for interests in the Definitive Materialised 
Notes, as referred in paragraph 21(iii) below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies27: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]28 (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes).  
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
 
[] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
                                                          
24  
Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
25  
If the Notes are listed on a Regulated Market and/or offered to retail investors in any Member State of the EEA in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. 
26  
If the Notes are listed on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
27  
Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes 
 
shall be made in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
28  
Notes [(including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S19 FSMA and] which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate]  
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
(Condition 8) 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 per cent.] / [ per cent.] of their 
nominal amount. 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details for convertibility of the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 6(e)) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[senior preferred] 
(ii) 
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per [] in Specified Denomination  
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] []] [Not Applicable]  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)/include 
any

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
other option from Condition 4] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year / Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[]  
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Insert "unadjusted" if the application of 
the relevant business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Amount] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 4): 
[] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, CMS Rate, 
€STR] and months, e.g. EURIBOR 3 months)  
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as per 
Condition 6(c)(iii) or 6(d), insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]] 
 
Reference Banks (if 
applicable): 
[Specify four / Not Applicable] 
 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
[In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[] (only applicable for CMS Rate) / Not Applicable] 
 
Rate Multiplier: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[] (only applicable in the case of €STR) / [Not 
Applicable] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as per 
Condition 6(c)(i), insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and 
the 
relevant 
two 
rates 
used 
for 
such 
determination.) 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the interest period) 
period) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant  where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Compounding: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
- Compounding Method: 
subparagraph) 
[Compounding with Lookback  
 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[●] Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift  
 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[IOS Compounding]] 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate (Taux 
Variable): 
[]  
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as per 
Condition 6(c)(ii), insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum29 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum30 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual 
365 (fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 
30E360 / 30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] [include any 
other option from Condition 4] 
                                                          
29  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
30  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual 
365 (fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 
30E360 / 30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] [include any 
other option from Condition 4] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Issuer's optional redemption (Call): 
 
(Condition 7(b)) 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Call): 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Series redeemable in part: 
[specify — otherwise redemption will only be 
permitted of entire Series] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [] days 
Maximum Period: [] days 
17. 
Noteholder's optional redemption (Put): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Condition 7(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put):  [specify] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [] days 
Maximum Period: [] days 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]31 ] 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
 
                                                          
31  
Delete bracketed text in case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
 
[[100 per cent.] / [[] per cent.] of their nominal 
amount.] / [Fair Market Value - Fair Market Value 
Floor: [Applicable - Fair Market Value Floor 
Percentage: [] per cent. per Specified Denomination]  
/Not Applicable]] / [Zero Coupon Accrual Yield and 
Reference Price - Zero Coupon Note Reference Price: 
[] and Accrual Yield: []] 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
[] [Yes] / [No] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / bearer form (au porteur) / 
administered 
registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré) / fully registered form (au nominatif pur)]  
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and address] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Fully Registered Dematerialised Notes 
only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on  the 
Exchange Date, being 40 days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
21. 
Financial Centre(s) for the purposes of 
Condition 8(g): 
[Not Applicable/]. Specify any other applicable 
Financial Centre (Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) relates.) 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. (If yes, give details)] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
23. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
24. 
Purchase in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations referred to in Condition 7(f) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
26. 
Masse (Condition 12): 
[Issue outside of France: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applies for issues of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) – otherwise delete)] 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [] 
The Representation will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [].] 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
such Noteholder will exercise all the powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce, as 
supplemented 
by 
the 
Conditions. 
Such 
sole 
Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will 
have taken in this capacity and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of 
the Notes of such Series. A Representative shall be 
appointed when the Notes of a Series are held by more 
than one Noteholder.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 ..........................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
  
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris]/[Borsa Italiana]/other (specify)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext 
Paris] 
/[MOT]/[ExtraMOT]/[EuroTLX 
Market]/[other (specify)] with effect from [].] / 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris]/[MOT]/[ExtraMOT]/[EuroTLX Market]  
/[other (specify)] with effect from [].] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] issue date.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(b) 
[Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the 
Notes to be offered or 
admitted to trading are 
already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[] / [Not Applicable] ] 
(iii) 
[Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[]32] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] / [The Notes 
to be issued have been rated / The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:  
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: []] 
 
[Moody’s France S.A.S.: []] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: []] 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
[Each such credit rating agency is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EU) 
                                                          
32  
Required only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
N° 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Each 
of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's France 
S.A.S. and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Security and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
registered under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the Notes issued 
by [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation [has][have] not been 
withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name 
of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.]33 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
[Save for any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Managers [and distributors] in 
connection with the Issue [and the Offer] of the Notes, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers [and distributors] and their 
affiliates [may] have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] [insert other conflicts] 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute “Green 
Bonds and the net proceeds will be used to fund eligible 
businesses and projects in Eligible Sectors as defined 
below and further described within the Green Bond 
Framework 
(available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
                                                          
33 
To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by 
 
the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
https://www.hsbc.com/investor-relations/fixed-income-
investors/green-and-sustainability-bonds): 
[Describe specific Eligible Sectors and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be obtained, 
etc…] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from (i) making profit and/or 
(ii) financing any Eligible Sectors, will need to include 
those reasons here.)    
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
amount 
of 
proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[]/[Not Applicable]34. [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
[Not Applicable]35 
 
Indication of yield: 
[].36 
 
Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
6. 
Floating Rate Notes only - INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
 
[Not Applicable]37 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR] rates can be obtained from, [but not] free of charge, 
[Reuters/other, give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].38 
[Benchmark: Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate] which is provided by []. [As at [], [] appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at [●], [●] appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom.]]] 
                                                          
34  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least € 100,000. 
35  
Include where the Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes. 
36  
Include where the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes 
37  
Include where the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes. 
38  
Include where the Notes are Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] [(include for Notes admitted to trading on Borsa 
Italiana) (also through its bridge account with Monte 
Titoli)] 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] [(include for Notes admitted to trading on Borsa 
Italiana) (also through its bridge account with Monte 
Titoli)] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), number(s) and addresses] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION (Items identified below with *** are not required for Notes with a denomination of 
at least €100,000) 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated /Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses***] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments***]: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names[, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments***] 
 
[(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)***]] 
(iii) 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[]*** 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address***] of Manager: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address***]] [See 
Paragraph 12 of Part B below for name [and address] 
of the relevant distributor[s] where public offer is

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
made in Italy through distributor[s] that are/is not 
themself/itself offeror[s] and are/is placing the Notes 
in a non-retail cascade scenario] 
(vi) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession***: 
 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount***] 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. 
 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes)  
(viii) 
[Non-Exempt Offer***: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made 
by the Managers [and [specify, if applicable]] other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [specify relevant Member State(s) - 
which must be jurisdictions where the Prospectus and 
any supplements have been passported] (Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions) during the period from [specify 
date] until [specify date] (Offer Period)./[other 
(please include an alternative wording where public 
offer is made in Italy through distributor[s]that are/is 
not themself/itself offeror[s] and are/is placing the 
Notes in a non-retail cascade scenario)]] (See further 
Paragraph 9 of Part B below.] 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified. For the purpose of the above, a 
"packaged" product shall designate a "packaged retail 
investment product" which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
an investment, where, regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of exposure 
to reference values or to the performance of one or 
more assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or 
the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
and 
no 
key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER39 
 
[Not Applicable]40 
CONDITIONS, OFFER STATISTICS, EXPECTED TIMETABLE AND ACTION REQUIRED 
TO APPLY FOR THE OFFER 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[] (please insert here, inter alia, categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are offered) 
Total amount of the securities offered to 
the public/admitted to trading. If the 
amount is not fixed, an indication of the 
maximum amount of the securities to be 
offered (if available) and a description of 
the arrangements and time for announcing 
to the public the definitive amount of the 
offer: 
 
 
[] 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will 
be open. A description of the application 
process: 
 
 
[] / 
[Prospective investors may apply to the relevant 
distributor to subscribe for Notes in accordance with the 
arrangements existing between the relevant distributor and 
its customers relating to the subscription of securities 
generally. 
Investors will be notified by the relevant distributor of the 
amount allotted. Dealings may begin on or around the 
Issue Date. 
Prospective investors will not be required to enter into any 
contractual arrangements directly with the Issuer in 
relation to the subscription for the Notes. Pursuant to 
MiFID II as implemented in Italy, investors who have 
submitted the acceptance form to a Distributor or have 
subscribed for the Notes through a Distributor, are or will 
become clients, regarding the placement activity, of the 
relevant Distributor and not of the Issuer or the Dealer.] 
A description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
the 
manner 
for 
 
                                                          
*** 
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
39  
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
40  
Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
refunding amounts paid in excess by 
applicants: 
 
[] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application, (whether in 
number of securities or aggregate amount 
to invest): 
 
 
[] 
Method and time limits for paying up the 
securities and for delivery of the Notes: 
 
[] 
A full description of the manner and date 
in which results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
 
[] 
The procedure for the exercise of any 
right of pre-emption, the negotiability of 
subscription rights and the treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
 
[] 
10. 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND ALLOTMENT41 
 
[Not Applicable]42 
The 
various 
categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Notes are offered: 
[] 
Whether a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain countries, indicate any 
such tranche: 
 
[] 
Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
 
 
[] 
11. 
PRICING43 
 
[Not Applicable]44 
Indication of the expected price at which 
the securities will be offered.  
[] (for the purposes of offers in Italy, specify any fees 
included in the offer price) 
Indication of the amount of any expenses, 
and taxes charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to costs 
                                                          
41  
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000  
42  
Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
43  
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
44  
Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
and charges, also include that information) 
12. 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING45 
 
[Not Applicable]46 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:   
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act as 
Authorised Offeror(s)/ Any financial intermediary which 
satisfies the conditions set out below in item "Conditions 
attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus"] 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a general 
consent to any financial intermediary to use the 
Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to or any 
condition replacing those set out on page 23 of the Base 
Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set out in the Base 
Prospectus".] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment 
or 
under 
'best 
efforts' 
arrangements. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion 
not covered: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable]/[] [Include name and address of the 
relevant distributor[s]] 
 
                                                          
45  
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
46  
Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
[ANNEX –ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[insert the issue specific summary as applicable]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
[ANNEXE – RÉSUMÉ DE L’ÉMISSION] 
[insérer le résumé de l'émission le cas échéant]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 7 
September 2021 between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger (the Dealer Agreement), the 
Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers (other than HSBC Continental Europe). However, 
the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such 
resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in 
particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, 
and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a)  
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or  
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation); and  
(b)  
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S (Regulation S). 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of an identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such an offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the FIEA). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that 
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering 
or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other 
relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of 
the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
Hong Kong  
Neither this Base Prospectus (nor any other offering material relating to the Notes) has been authorised by the 
Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, nor has this Base Prospectus (and/or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes) been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong.  Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and  
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Republic of Italy  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree) that, unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-
exempt offer may be made in Italy, ESMA and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) have not been notified in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below) and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy 
(Italy), except:  
 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or 
 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a) be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Italian Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No.20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
Banking Act); and

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
b) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.  
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Notes which are initially offered and 
placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only, but in the following year are regularly 
("sistematicamente") distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Italian Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared 
null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
Belgium  
With respect to Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months qualifying as money market instruments within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, no action will be taken by the Issuer or any Dealer in connection with the 
issue, sale, transfer, delivery, offering or distribution (or otherwise) of such Notes that would require the 
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France, in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 7 September 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other 
regulated market in a Member State of the EEA. Application has been made for the delivery by the 
AMF of a certificate of approval specifying that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, 
as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purpose of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 
relating to prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs 
mobilières) which implements the Prospectus Regulation. In accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a certificate of approval to any 
competent authority of any member state of the EEA in order for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on any other Regulated Market in the EEA and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt 
Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance 
of doubt, all references contained in this Base Prospectus to the admission to trading on a Regulated 
Market in Italy and/or a Non-Exempt Offer in Italy shall require the prior passporting of the Base 
Prospectus in Italy. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection 
with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that 
such Notes constitute obligations under French law, require the decision of the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the decision of any person acting by 
delegation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer. For this purpose the 
Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer has delegated on 23 July 2021 to Andrew 
Wild, Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général), and pursuant to the proposal of the latter, to Chris 
Davies, Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué), to Joseph Swithenbank, Chief 
Financial Officer (Directeur financier), Marwan Dagher, Head of Markets & Securities Services 
(Directeur de Markets & Securities Services), Yonathan Ebguy, Deputy Head of Markets & 
Securities Services (Directeur Adjoint de Markets & Securities Services), Harry-David Gauvin, Head 
of Markets Treasury (Directeur de Markets Treasury) and to Laurent Durand, Head of the GBM 
Legal (Responsable de la Direction juridique de la Banque d’investissement, de financement et de 
marchés), with the ability for each of them to act jointly or separately, all powers to issue obligations 
and to determine their final terms and conditions, up to a maximum aggregate amount of 
€15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) for 1 year from 23 July 2021. Any issue of 
Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations under French law, fall within the 
general powers of the directeur général or a directeur général délégué of the Issuer. 
(3) 
Except as disclosed on pages 19, 226 and 262 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, on page 
82 of the First Amendment of the Universal registration document and Interim Financial Report 2021 
and in the Base Prospectus, including with respect to the impact that the sanitary crisis resulting from 
the coronavirus (COVID-19) may have, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 30 June 2021.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(4) 
With the exception of the elements mentioned in the 2020 Universal Registration Document and in 
the Base Prospectus, including with respect to the impact that the sanitary crisis resulting from the 
coronavirus (COVID-19) may have, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there are no recent events that the Issuer considers as 
material for investors since the date of the last published financial statements. 
(6) 
Except as disclosed pages 149 to 151, 224 to 225 and 261 to 262 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and on pages 80 to 82 of the First Amendment of the Universal registration document and 
Interim Financial Report 2021, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer. 
(7) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Clearstream (42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg), Euroclear (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, 
Belgique) and Euroclear France (66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France). The Common Code and 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(8) 
This Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) during at least a period of twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus 
and (b) the Issuer (www.hsbc.fr). So long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market 
of the EEA and/or offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in any Member State of the EEA in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) will be published on 
the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in 
(ii) and (iii) on the website of the Issuer (https://www.about.hsbc.fr/investor-relations):  
(i) 
the relevant Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
other Regulated Market in the EEA;  
(ii) 
the Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and  
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
(9) 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available on the website of the Issuer (www.hsbc.fr): 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert 
at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(10) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(11) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
(12) 
The Programme is currently rated A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, A1 by Moody's 
France S.A.S. and AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. The long term debt of the Issuer is currently 
rated A+ (with stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, A1 (with stable outlook) by 
Moody’s France S.A.S. and AA- (with negative outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited.  
(13) 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer for the periods covered by the historical financial information are 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France) and BDO Paris 
Audit & Advisory (43-47, Avenue de la Grande Armée 75116 Paris, France). They have audited and 
rendered unqualified audit reports on the financial statements of the Issuer for each of the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and BDO 
Paris Audit & Advisory are registered as Commissaires aux comptes and belong, respectively, to the 
Compagnie Régionale de Versailles et du Centre and to the Compagnie Régionale de Paris. 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in 
the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
(16) 
Certain statements contained in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements including, but 
not limited to, statements that are predictions of or indicate future events, trends, business strategies, 
expansion and growth of operations plans or objectives, competitive advantage and regulatory 
changes, based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to a 
historical fact or current fact. The Issuer may also make forward-looking statements in its audited 
annual financial statements, in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in 
press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or 
employees to third parties. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases 
such as, without limitation, “anticipate”, “assume”, “believe”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, 
“foresee”, “intend”, “may increase” and “may fluctuate” and similar expressions or by future or 
conditional verbs such as, without limitation, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could.” Undue reliance 
should not be placed on such statements, because, by their nature, they are subject to known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors and actual results may differ materially from any 
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” above.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake 
any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new 
information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not 
constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, 
as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
(17) 
All or some of the Dealers and their affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer 
and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (i) 
engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include 
prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as 
underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the 
Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of 
these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by 
entities of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions. In addition, the Calculation Agent may be an affiliate of the Issuer, and 
potential conflicts of interest may exist therefore between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
Furthermore potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any distributors 
or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or 
fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing.  
(18) 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is F0HUI1NY1AZMJMD8LP67.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Represented by Mr. Yonathan Ebguy 
Deputy Head of Markets & Securities Services 
 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Dated 7 September 2021 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 7 September 2021 and is valid until 7 September 2022 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-388.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
Tel: +33 1 40 70 70 40 
ARRANGER 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
8 Canada Square 
38, avenue Kléber 
London E14 5HQ 
75116 Paris 
United Kingdom 
France 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
CALCULATION AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London  E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
BDO Paris Audit & Advisory 
63, rue de Villiers 
43-47, Avenue de la Grande Armée 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
75116 Paris 
France 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France