--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 31 January 2024 
 
 
CCF SFH 
(duly licensed French specialised credit institution) 
€10,000,000,000 COVERED BOND PROGRAMME 
for the issue of Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat 
 
Under the Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), CCF SFH 
(formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer" or "CCF SFH"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue covered bonds (obligations de financement de l'habitat) to be governed by French law (the "Covered 
Bonds"). The Issuer is licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de 
financement de l'habitat ("SFH") by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR"). All Covered Bonds will benefit 
from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer created by Article L.513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège"), as more fully described herein. 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed €10,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies as at the date of determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Covered Bonds). 
Application may be made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of the 
approval granted by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext in Paris ("Euronext Paris") and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined below) and/or to be offered to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"), appearing on the list of 
regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on its website (each, a "Regulated 
Market"). The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or admitted to trading on any other 
market. The relevant final terms (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") 
will specify whether or not such Covered Bonds will be listed and/or admitted to trading and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus has received the approval number 24-015 on 31 January 2024 from the AMF, in its capacity as competent 
authority in France under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or 
the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Covered Bonds on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public of 
Covered Bonds pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 31 January 2025, provided that it 
is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Covered Bonds. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Covered Bonds") as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry 
form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in 
the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such a latter case, at the option of the relevant Bondholder (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the 
Account Holders designated by the relevant Bondholder. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in 
bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised 
Covered Bonds. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Covered Bonds with, 
where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds"), on or after a date expected 
to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Covered Bonds (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary 
Global Certificates in respect of Covered Bonds which are Materialised Covered Bonds") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and 
(b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). The rating of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is appearing on the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will benefit from the "European Covered Bonds (Premium)" label created by 
Ordinance n° 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. The authorisation to use this label has been 
granted by the ACPR to the Issuer in July 2022. However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Covered Bonds to be 
issued under the Programme will actually be and/or remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their 
maturity. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms relating to any issue of Covered Bonds admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in 
a Member State of the EEA will be published on the websites of (i) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (ii) My Money Group 
(https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area) in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
See section entitled "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Covered Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme. 
 
PERMANENT DEALER 
NATIXIS

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) constitutes a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by reference all 
necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the 
Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") not 
contained or incorporated by reference herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal 
amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds") at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement that may be published 
from time to time and with all documents and/or information incorporated herein by reference (see section 
entitled "Documents incorporated by Reference" below) as well as, in relation to any Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, with the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the 
purposes for which it has been published. 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, the information relating to the Issuer contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
To the best of CCF's knowledge, the information relating to CCF, the CCF entities and the Home Loans 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes 
no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. The Dealers do not make any representation, express or implied, or accept any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each 
prospective investor in the Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The Dealers do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or to advise any investor or prospective investor in the Covered Bonds of any information that may come to 
the attention of the Dealers. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that

--- Page 4 ---
4 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Covered Bond may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States of America, Japan, the European Economic Area (including 
France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands) and the United Kingdom. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023, 
and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID 
II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, 
but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II 
regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement 
entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail Investors", 
the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", such Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
"UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States of America and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). The Covered Bonds may include Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and subject to certain exceptions, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold or, in 
the case of Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended. The Covered Bonds are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay 
taxes or other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Covered 
Bonds are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Covered Bonds. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus but to 
ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, 
sale and redemption of the Covered Bonds. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor.  
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Covered Bonds 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section entitled "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant 
Covered Bonds and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant 
Covered Bonds as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Covered 
Bonds involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the 
purchase price of their Covered Bonds. For more information, see section entitled "Risk Factors". 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor on the Covered 
Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the 
Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an 
indefinite period of time. 
Each prospective investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
and weight the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and for the purpose of 
properly evaluating the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact the 
relevant Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
(f) 
be aware, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, of the applicable 
restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Covered Bonds generally and in any particular type of 
Covered Bonds. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to overall

--- Page 7 ---
7 
portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered 
Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered Bonds and 
the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. Covered 
Bonds which are complex financial instruments may be redeemable at an amount below par in which case 
investors may lose the value of part or their entire investment. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness 
of the subscription or acquisition of the Covered Bonds by a prospective investor in the Covered Bonds, 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different) or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 16 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE 
PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................................ 38 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM – PRINCIPAL PROGRAMME PARTIES ................................. 40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 42 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................... 45 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................... 47 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF COVERED BONDS 
WHICH ARE MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS ......................................................... 94 
THE ISSUER .......................................................................................................................... 96 
THE BORROWER COLLATERAL SECURITY ................................................................ 129 
ASSET MONITORING ........................................................................................................ 142 
CASH FLOW ........................................................................................................................ 154 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS........................................................................... 158 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 160 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ............................................................................................... 166 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ............................................................................................... 191 
CERTIFICATE OF THE SPECIFIC CONTROLLER RELATING TO ISSUANCE 
PROGRAMME OF LIABILITIES FOR THE [X] QUARTER OF [X]............................... 214 
CERTIFICATE OF THE SPECIFIC CONTROLLER RELATING TO THE RESPECT OF 
THE LEGAL COVER RATIO WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF THE NOTE 
ISSUANCE OF AT LEAST EUR 500 MILLION ................................................................ 220 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 223 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................................... 227

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued on such 
terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and the Covered Bonds will be subject to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or listed and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below and in 
the relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of 
the Issuer: 
 
969500HCJLWDO4YCYT40 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area  
Description: 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue covered 
bonds (obligations de financement de l'habitat) to be governed by 
French law (the "Covered Bonds").  
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of determination of the financial conditions of any Covered 
Bonds) aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme. 
Programme Documents: 
(a) the Letter of Undertakings (as defined in section entitled "The 
Issuer" – "Issuer Share capital and Issuer Majority 
Shareholder's undertakings"); 
(b) any Fee Letter; 
(c) the Issuer Accounts Bank Fee Letter; 
(d) the Administrative Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"The Issuer" – "The Administrative Agreement"); 
(e) the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de 
Moyens (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" – "Issuer 
Risk Management"); 
(f) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"The Issuer" – "The Issuer Accounts Agreement"); 
(g) this Base Prospectus including section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds"; 
(h) the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 10 ---
10 
(i) 
the Dealer Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale"); 
(j) 
the Borrower Facility Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"The Borrower and the Borrower Facility Agreement" – "The 
Borrower Facility Agreement"); 
(k) the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement (as defined in 
section entitled "The Borrower Collateral Security" – "The 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement"); 
(l) 
the Cash Collateral Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"The Borrower Collateral Security" – "The Cash Collateral 
Agreement"); 
(m) the Calculation Services Agreement (as defined in section 
entitled "Asset Monitoring" – "The Calculation Services 
Agreement"); and 
(n) the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement, which 
provides for the definitions of defined terms and incorporated by 
reference into certain of the Programme Documents. 
Risk Factors:  
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks which 
should be assessed prior to making any investment decision. 
For any information on the risks relating to the Issuer, the Borrower, 
CCF entities and the Covered Bonds, investors should refer to section 
entitled "Risk Factors". 
Dealers: 
Natixis. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealer" are to 
Natixis and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to "Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealer and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents and 
Calculation Agent:  
 
BNP Paribas SA 
Method of Issue: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis.  
Series and Tranches: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in Series having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first 
payment of interest), the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended 
to be fungible with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in Tranches having the same or different issue dates and 
on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The Covered Bonds of

--- Page 11 ---
11 
a Tranche of each Series will be fungible with all Covered Bonds of 
the other Tranches of that Series. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may be Dematerialised Covered Bonds or Materialised 
Covered Bonds. Dematerialised Covered Bonds will not be 
exchangeable for Materialised Covered Bonds and Materialised 
Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds. Materialised Covered Bonds may be issued only outside 
France.  
Settlement: 
The Covered Bonds will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds and Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system that 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to Materialised Covered Bonds.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Covered Bonds may be issued in Euros, U.S. dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Pounds sterling, Japanese Yen, Swiss Francs and, 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) 
set out in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all Covered Bonds 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be at least such amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
by any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year, in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, 
will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended, unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and they have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
Maturity:  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Covered Bonds may have any maturity as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to Soft Bullet Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the Conditions. Within the conditions of Articles L.513-30 and 
Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the Final Maturity Date of such Soft Bullet 
Covered Bonds may be extended upon the occurrence of a Maturity 
Extension Trigger Event. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service (including, without 
limitation, EURIBOR or SONIA),  
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated 
and payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum 
rate of interest or both. 
In no event shall the amount of interest (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds for which a change of interest 
basis is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms may be 
issued by the Issuer, such change of interest being at the option of the 
Issuer or automatic. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to it and will not pay periodic interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Independent Adviser 
may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C). 
Redemption and Purchase: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether 
such Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Bondholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will have to 
gross-up its payments of interest to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law and subject to certain exceptions. All payments of interest by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. 
There will be no grossing up provision and, accordingly, no early 
redemption whatsoever in case of any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA. 
Negative Pledge: 
Except in accordance with the Programme Documents, the Issuer will 
not create or permit to subsist any privilège, mortgage, charge, pledge 
or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of its assets 
or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Undertaking of, 
or guaranteed by, the Issuer. 
Issuer Events of Default: 
Subject to the legal framework applicable to a société de financement 
de l'habitat, if an Issuer Event of Default occurs in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds, the Representative (i) may, at its discretion 
or (ii) shall, if so directed by the Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer 
Event of Default is a Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event, upon 
an Issuer Enforcement Notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer (with 
copy to the Administrator and to the Rating Agency) given before all 
defaults have been cured, cause the principal amount of all Covered 
Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but subject to the 
relevant Priority Payment Order), together with any accrued interest 
thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received 
by the Fiscal Agent. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, the Covered Bonds, and, where 
appropriate, any related Coupons and Receipts will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and privileged obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally and rateably with all other present and future obligations 
(including the Covered Bonds of all other Series) and other resources 
raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
Privilège: 
The Bondholders benefit from the statutory priority right of payment 
(privilège) over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (for further description, see section entitled 
"The Issuer - The SFH Legal Framework"). 
Rating(s): 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to 
be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The 
rating(s) of the Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 of

--- Page 14 ---
14 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is appearing on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
The Covered Bonds may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any 
Member State of the EEA, to the extent the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") has provided a certificate of approval attesting 
that the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement related 
thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, if the Final Terms provide it and in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations.  
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
Application may be made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of the 
approval granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris and/or any 
other Regulated Market, if the Final Terms provide it and in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other market. 
Representation of Bondholders: 
Holders of Covered Bonds will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a Masse which will be governed by (i) the provisions of 
the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as completed by 
the provisions of Condition 12(a) if the relevant Final Terms specify 
"Full Masse" and (ii) certain provisions of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce) as completed by Condition 12(b) if the 
relevant Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse". 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
The Covered Bonds will be governed by French law with respect to 
the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered 
Bonds in various jurisdictions, in particular the European Economic 
Area, France, Italy, Belgium, the United Kingdom and the United 
Stated of America (see section entitled "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling Restrictions/ 
TEFRA: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Final Terms will specify 
whether TEFRA rules are applicable and, in this case, whether 
TEFRA C or TEFRA D is applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final 
Terms relating to any issue of Covered Bonds admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation will be published on the websites of My Money 
Group (https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area) and of 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org). In addition, if the Covered Bonds are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the 
websites of the relevant Regulated Market and/or the relevant 
competent authority.  
So long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding and in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, copies of this Base Prospectus and 
various other documents may be obtained, without charge upon 
request, during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered 
office of the Issuer (103, rue de Grenelle, 75007 Paris, France).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations related to the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material as to the market risk associated with Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and make their 
own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct 
their own analysis and evaluation of risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the issued Covered 
Bonds and consult their own financial or legal advisers about the risks associated with the investment in a 
particular Series of Covered Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds in light of their 
particular circumstances. Additional risks and uncertainties, not included in the risk factors below, which, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, are not known to the Issuer, or are considered to be not material nor specific, 
may have a significant impact on the Issuer, its activities, its financial condition, or the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer considers that the Covered Bonds should only be purchased by investors that are (or are advised by) 
financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience necessary to 
appropriately evaluate the risks associated with the Covered Bonds. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning when used below. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, THE BORROWER AND THE FUNCTIONNING OF 
THE PROGRAMME 
The following table summarizes the risk factors identified by CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the 
"Issuer") and indicates, for each of them, the likelihood of their occurrence and their negative impact on the 
Issuer and the group composed of the Issuer, CCF, CCF Holding (formerly Promontoria MMB SAS) and 
Promontoria 19 Coöperatie U.A. (the "Group" or "My Money Group") on the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
likelihood of the occurrence is graded on a three-level scale ("Very Unlikely", "Unlikely" and "Likely") and the 
magnitude of their negative impact is graded on a three-level scale ("Low", "Moderate" and "Significant"). 
Within each of the below mentioned categories, the risks have been listed according to this grading, the risks 
with the highest likelihood of occurrence and with the highest negative impact coming first.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
A. Risk factors related to the Issuer 
The Issuer has sole liability under the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is the only entity with the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds are not and will not be the obligation or responsibility of any other entity, including (but not 
limited to) CCF (in any capacity, but in particular, in its capacity as Borrower, Administrator, Issuer Calculation 
Agent or Cash Collateral Provider), the Dealers, the Representative, the Paying Agents or any company in the 
same group of companies as any of the foregoing entities, or the shareholders, directors or agents of any company 
in the same group of companies as the foregoing entities. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own examination of the Issuer, the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets, the terms of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and the financial 
information incorporated in this Base Prospectus. In the case of a Borrower Event of Default, the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets may not be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Covered Bonds. 
Should the Issuer default from its obligations under the Covered Bonds, Bondholders will have no other external 
remedies than to request such payment from the Issuer and, in particular, they will have no direct recourse to the 
Borrower or to the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. As a consequence, the situation of the Bondholders may 
be adversely and materially affected and Bondholders could lose all of their investments in the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
Operational issues may arise following the Transfer 
On 1st January 2024, HSBC Continental Europe transferred to CCF (formerly Banque des Caraïbes), among 
other things, its full ownership interest in the Issuer and most of its rights and obligations under the Programme

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Documents to which it was a party before the Transfer, including, notably, in its capacity as borrower, 
administrator, issuer calculation agent and cash collateral provider.  
In addition, in the context of the Transfer, CCF entered into certain agreements in order to maintain operational 
business of the Issuer and the Group following completion of the Transfer.  
In particular, since the Transfer Effective Date, Arkéa Banking Services has been appointed by CCF to manage 
a large part of its IT activities (including the servicing of CCF's home loans' portfolio). The operations of CCF's 
retail banking activities transferred from HSBC are hosted on the IT platform of Arkéa Banking Services and the 
management of the Programme Documents relies on operations and data produced by such IT platform. 
Therefore, if the IT platform does not function properly and the Group is unable to access such IT platform for 
any reason (technical or other), this would adversely and materially affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Programme Documents. 
It is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such 
risk could be significant. 
B. 
Risk factors related to the Borrower, the Borrower Collateral Securities and Affiliates 
(i) 
Risk factors related to the Borrower 
Borrower's ability to pay under the Borrower Debt 
Several items of the Issuer's balance sheet are subject to credit risk, in particular its cash and loans both on steady-
state as well as in the event of a transfer of collateral. Under steady-state, the Issuer's balance sheet is mainly 
exposed to its parent company through: 
- 
all the Borrower Advances granted to CCF under the Borrower Facility Agreement that replicate the 
characteristics of the Covered Bonds issued. As at 30 June 2023, the Borrower Debt amounted to 
€4,781,852,946 (i.e. the Borrower Advances still outstanding and the corresponding interests); and 
- 
the Issuer's cash currently composed of sight deposits within the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank which 
is subject to a minimum rating requirement described in this Base Prospectus (long-term rate BBB by 
S&P). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of HSBC Continental Europe (as Issuer 
Accounts Bank) is A+ by S&P. As at 30 June 2023, the Issuer's cash amounted to €1,309,348,715. 
As of 30 June 2023, the bulk of the cover pool is composed of prime Home Loans with the following 
characteristics: (i) all fixed-rate and (ii) all guaranteed by Crédit Logement. In addition, it is voluntarily over-
collateralised, above the regulatory minimum of 105% and above the overcollateralization level required by the 
Rating Agencies in order to obtain an AAA rating, i.e. as at 30 June 2023, 132%. As at 30 June 2023, the cover 
pool amounted to €6,199,618,297 and was composed of 45,888 Home Loans held by 35,501 borrowers.  
Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Programme Documents (other than, upon certain circumstances, the 
Borrower as grantor of the Borrower Collateral Security and as Cash Collateral Provider) guarantees or warrants 
the full and timely payment by the Borrower of any sums of principal or interest payable under the Borrower 
Debt.  
Should the Borrower be subject to any applicable insolvency proceedings (including the procedures of safeguard, 
moratorium, suspension of payments, controlled management, liquidation or similar insolvency proceedings), 
this would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against the Borrower to obtain timely payment of amounts of 
principal and interest due and payable under the Borrower Debt and as a consequence, this may adversely affect 
the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds and would prevent the acceleration of the 
payment of such amounts and the immediate enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security or the Cash

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Collateral (including upon and following the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Cash 
Collateral Provider and/or the Borrower). 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely but 
that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
Credit rating of the Covered Bonds may be affected by various factors 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by S&P. Such rating will be 
reflected in the applicable Final Terms relating to the Covered Bonds. In the Rating Agency's methodology, the 
credit rating of a covered bond programme is linked to the credit rating attributed to the issuer's parent. The rating 
criteria for the Issuer include the financial health of its parent, CCF, as well as the strength of the Borrower 
Collateral Security and various other structural features such as any Cash Collateral that aim to achieve a de-
linkage between the ratings of CCF and the relevant rating(s) of the Covered Bonds. Nevertheless, if the 
Borrower Collateral Security and the other support granted to the Issuer prove insufficient or fail to be granted 
to the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Documents, decreases in the credit ratings of CCF may cause a 
decrease in the relevant credit rating(s) of the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, failure to meet any legal 
overcollateralisation requirement may result not only in the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default but also 
in a downgrade of the relevant rating(s) assigned to the Covered Bonds. If the credit rating(s) of the Covered 
Bonds was or were reduced due to these factors, such downgrade(s) may adversely and materially affect the 
value of the then outstanding Covered Bonds, increase the Issuer's cost of borrowing and adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to issue new Covered Bonds. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of this risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
(ii) Risk factors relating to the Borrower Collateral Security 
No interpretation by French courts of rules applicable to Borrower Collateral Security  
The Home Loan Receivables which will be granted with full title transfer (remise en pleine propriété à titre de 
garantie) as Borrower Collateral Security in favour of the Issuer for the repayment of the Borrower Debt 
extended by the Issuer will be granted in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) implementing Directive 2002/47/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements, as amended (the "EU 
Collateral Directive"). 
Although these French laws are in full force and effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, holders of the 
Covered Bonds should note that French courts have not yet had the opportunity to interpret such rules and 
therefore the manner in which the Borrower Collateral Security would be enforced by a French court is uncertain. 
The effects of the application by French courts of rulings applicable to Borrower Collateral Security could be 
materially adverse to the functioning of the Borrower Collateral Security.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely but 
that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
Sale or refinancing of Home Loan Receivables and related Home Loan Security by the Issuer following 
enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security 
After title to the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral Security and the related Home Loan 
Security has been definitively transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security 
(the "Transferred Assets"), the Administrator will organise the sale or refinancing by the Issuer of such Home 
Loan Receivables and related Home Loan Security in order for the Issuer to receive sufficient Available Funds 
to make payments when due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments

--- Page 20 ---
20 
to be made in priority thereto according to the relevant Priority Payment Order and the relevant payment dates 
and Final Maturity Date under each relevant Series of Covered Bonds). As at 30 June 2023, the Home Loan 
Receivables amounted to €6,199,618,297 and the Home Loan Securities to €4,750,000,000. 
The Administrator will organise the sale or refinancing by the Issuer of the Home Loan Receivables granted as 
Borrower Collateral Security and the related Home Loan Security in accordance with the Administrative 
Agreement (see section entitled "The Issuer – The Administrative Agreement"). 
A buyer may not be found to acquire the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral Security and 
the related Home Loan Security at the times required and the price that may have been obtained, which may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments when due under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, with respect to any sale or refinancing of the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral 
Security and the related Home Loan Security to third parties, the Issuer will not be permitted to give warranties 
or indemnities as to those assets. The representations or warranties previously given by the Borrower with respect 
to such assets pursuant to the terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement may not benefit to a third-
party purchaser of such assets upon sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer. Accordingly, there is a risk that the 
price or value of such assets upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer be adversely affected by the lack 
of representations and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
when due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
It is therefore the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and that the 
impact of such risk could be moderate. 
Risks related to maintenance of Borrower Collateral Security prior to or following enforcement thereof 
If the collateral value of the Home Loan Receivables (amounting to €6,199,618,297 at 30 June 2023 and 
representing 131% of the Covered Bonds outstanding (i.e. €4,750,000,000)) granted as Borrower Collateral 
Security in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement has not been maintained 
in accordance with the terms of the Asset Cover Test or the Amortisation Test or the other provisions of the 
Programme Documents, the value of the relevant Borrower Collateral Security Assets or any part thereof (both 
before and after the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default) or the price or value of such Home Loan 
Receivables and related Home Loan Security upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer may be negatively 
affected. 
The value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number of factors, including 
the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, 
mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, increasing utility 
costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments and government policies. In addition, as the 
properties securing the Home Loans are exclusively located in France, the value of such properties may therefore 
decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in France. In this respect, it is to be noted that 
holders of Home Loans are composed of premium clients a large part of which are located in Paris and in the 
region Ile-de-France. As at 30 June 2023, the number of Home Loans was 45,888 held by 35,501 clients. 
The materialisation of any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations, and may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Set-off by debtors under the Home Loans 
Set-off under French law can operate by statute (compensation légale) or be agreed by contract (compensation 
contractuelle) or be ordered by court (compensation judiciaire). A set-off may also be invoked if claims are 
deemed mutual or inter-related (dettes connexes). 
Statutory set-off operates as of right between two reciprocal debts (dettes réciproques) provided that such debts 
are, at the same time, fungible (fongibles), certain (certaines), liquid (liquides) as well as due and payable 
(exigibles). A contract or a court may expand statutory set-off possibilities where, with respect to two reciprocal 
and fungible debts, such debts are not at the same time certain, liquid and due and payable. Set-off between debts 
which are deemed mutual by contract or on an economic standpoint is available as of right. 
Since no provision under the Home Loan agreements expressly allows a debtor to expand statutory set-off 
possibilities nor expressly provides for a mutuality (connexité) between claims owed by a debtor to the Borrower 
under a Home Loan and claims that such debtor may, as the case may be, have against the Borrower under other 
contracts, such as a bank account or a deposit contract, etc. but, at the same time, no provision under the Home 
Loan agreements expressly provides for a waiver of set-off (see section entitled "The Borrower Collateral 
Security – The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement – Eligible Assets - Home Loan Eligibility Criteria"), 
a debtor under a Home Loan is entitled to invoke either (i) a statutory or a judicial set-off, or (ii) a set-off based 
on a mutuality of claims (connexité) should such mutuality be provided for by another contract than the Home 
Loan agreement or the global economic relationship which would exist between a debtor under a Home Loan 
and the Borrower. 
However, a set off such as referred to in (i) or (ii) above may become a risk for the Issuer under the sole 
circumstances where the Home Loan Receivables would have been transferred to the Issuer following the 
enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default. 
Following such transfer and as long as the debtors under the Home Loans would have not been notified of such 
transfer, the debtors would be entitled to invoke statutory and judicial set-off as if no transfer had taken place. 
After notification of the transfer, a debtor under a Home Loan would still be entitled to invoke statutory set-off 
against the Issuer if prior to the notification of the transfer, the above-mentioned conditions for statutory set-off 
were satisfied. 
A set-off between inter-related debts (dettes connexes) is available as a right. Inter-related debts (dettes connexes) 
mainly result from an economic association. In this latter case, mutuality of claims will be determined on a case 
by case basis, depending on the factual circumstances then existing. The most likely circumstance where set-off 
would be considered is when counterclaims resulting from a current account relationship will allow a debtor to 
set-off such counterclaims against sums due under a Home Loan. In this situation, however, French case law 
states that there is no mutuality of claims, notwithstanding the fact that instalment under the Home Loan was to 
be paid by way of direct debit from the funds standing to the credit of the relevant current account since the 
parties did not intend to interrelate their current account relationship and the lending transaction from an 
economical standpoint. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
No prior notification to debtors under the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral Security 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the Home Loan Receivables will be granted as 
Borrower Collateral Security without notification or information of the underlying debtors of the Home Loans.  
Such debtors will only be notified if and when the relevant Borrower Collateral Security is enforced following 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and then title to the Home Loan Receivables and related Home 
Loan Security has been definitively transferred to the Issuer. Notification of such debtors will only be effected 
once following such Borrower Event of Default, the relevant Borrower Collateral Security has been enforced.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by any debtor under the relevant Home Loan 
Receivables will continue to be validly made by such debtors to the Borrower, even though title to such Home 
Loan Receivables would have been validly definitively transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the relevant 
Borrower Collateral Security. 
Until notification to the debtors has been given informing them that insolvency proceedings have been opened 
against the Borrower, a statutory stay of execution under mandatory rules of French insolvency law will prevent 
the Issuer from taking recourse against the Borrower for repayment of collections received by the Borrower 
under the relevant Home Loans which are commingled with other funds of the Borrower. 
Notification to the debtors under the relevant Home Loans may not be made at the times mandated and the Issuer 
might not obtain effective direct payment from the debtors under the relevant Home Loans in a sufficiently timely 
manner, all of which may affect negatively payments under the Covered Bonds. In such circumstances, a shortfall 
in distributions of interest or repayment of principal to Bondholders may result. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
C. 
Risk factors related to the functioning of the Programme 
(i) 
Risk relating to the nature of the Programme and the parties involved in its functioning  
Limited resources are available to the Issuer 
In the absence of any Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds will depend on the amount of scheduled principal and interest paid by the Borrower under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement and the timing thereof and/or the revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments, 
and/or payments proceeds under Other Legally Eligible Assets, and/or the available amount under the Share 
Capital Proceeds Account. 
Pursuant to the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Issuer will benefit from any Cash Collateral to be provided by 
the Cash Collateral Provider under the circumstances described under the Cash Collateral Agreement.  
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security, and 
without prejudice to any other unsecured recourse the Issuer may have under the Borrower Debt, the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under all the Covered Bonds will depend on the revenue proceeds from the 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets which would have been enforced in favour of the Issuer (meaning the 
amount of principal and interest paid directly to the Issuer by the relevant debtors under the Home Loan 
Receivables upon enforcement of such Borrower Collateral Security or the price or value of such Home Loan 
Receivables and related Home Loan Security upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer) and/or the 
revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments, and/or the amount of any Cash Collateral provided by the 
Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement, and/or the available amount under the Share 
Capital Proceeds Account, and/or payments proceeds under Other Legally Eligible Assets. 
If such amounts are not sufficient for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer will 
not have any further source of funds available other than the recourse the Issuer has under the Borrower Debt 
until such Borrower Debt is repaid in full. 
The occurrence for whatever reason of an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically trigger the cross 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, and the Issuer will in the absence of a Borrower Event of Default be 
unable to enforce the Borrower Collateral Security securing the repayment of the Covered Bonds in order to cure 
such Issuer Event of Default. Therefore, notwithstanding the occurrence of such an Issuer Event of Default while 
no Borrower Event of Default shall have occurred, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds will continue to depend only on the amount of scheduled principal and interest paid by the Borrower 
under the Borrower Facility Agreement and the timing thereof and/or the revenue proceeds generated by

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Permitted Investments and/or any Cash Collateral and/or the available amount under the Share Capital Proceeds 
Account. 
Should the double recourse against the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement and against the 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement prove to be insufficient 
to support payments under the Covered Bonds until their maturity, this may have a significant negative impact 
on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds and the Bondholders will 
have no other external remedies than to request such payments from the Issuer. In particular, they will have no 
direct recourse against the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and the Borrower. As a consequence, the situation 
of the Bondholders may be adversely and materially affected and they could lose all or a substantial part of all 
their investments in the Covered Bonds. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely but 
that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
Substitution risk 
In the event of a downgrading of the short-term and/or long-term debt of or certain other parties to the Programme 
Documents which triggers the need for a substitution, or if under certain other circumstances the substitution of 
CCF or the Issuer Accounts Bank is appropriate pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, the Issuer 
cannot ascertain that a substitute entity will be found. 
If there is a downgrading of the long-term debt of CCF or its successors, as the Administrator, or another 
Administrator Termination Event, occurs pursuant to the terms of the Administrative Agreement, the Issuer will 
be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Administrator and appoint a new administrator in its place. A 
substitute administrator with sufficient experience and expertise may not be found and may not be willing and 
able to serve on the same or similar terms found in the Administrative Agreement. In particular, upon the 
occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default and the subsequent enforcement of the Borrower Collateral 
Security and the definitive transfer to the Issuer of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, a substitute 
administrator with sufficient experience of servicing such transferred Borrower Collateral Security Assets may 
not be found or may not be willing and able to serve on the same or similar terms found in the Administrative 
Agreement. The ability of a substitute administrator to perform the required services fully would depend, among 
other things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or 
inability to appoint a substitute administrator may affect the realisable value of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. No 
Administrator has (nor will have, as applicable) any obligation itself to advance payments that the Borrower fails 
to make in a timely manner. The Representative is not obliged under any circumstance to act as an Administrator 
or to monitor the proper performance of obligations by any Administrator. 
The failure to proceed to the substitution of CCF or the Issuer Accounts Bank in any of the Programme 
Documents would adversely and materially affect the functioning of the Programme and as a consequence the 
ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Programme. Consequently, the Programme and the 
related Programme Documents could not effectively function up to the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds.  
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely but 
that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
The Issuer relies on CCF and its successors for the provision of liquidity 
The Issuer has entered into the Cash Collateral Agreement in order to provide liquidity upon certain rating trigger 
events occurring. As at 30 June 2023, there was no need to provide liquidity under the Cash Collateral Agreement.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Failure of CCF or its successors to provide liquidity to the Issuer where required under the Cash Collateral 
Agreement may adversely affect the Issuers' ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds and as a 
consequence Bondholders could receive a diminished return on their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
It is therefore the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely but that the 
impact of such risk could be significant. 
The Issuer relies on CCF or its successors for the monitoring of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
The Issuer has entered into the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement in order to monitor the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets and/or the Borrower Collateral Security. As at 30 June 2023, Borrower Collateral 
Security Assets amounted to €6,199,618,297. 
Under the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer may terminate the appointment of CCF (such termination 
not being effective until a substitute servicer with the required rating shall have replaced CCF), in which case 
the transfer of the monitoring function to any entity outside the Group may result in delays, increased costs 
and/or losses for the Issuer, could create operational and administrative difficulties for the Issuer and could 
adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. In addition, if the Borrower fails 
to adequately administer the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and/or the Borrower Collateral Security, this 
may lead to diminished value of the Borrower Collateral Security or any part thereof, and in turn, the ability of 
the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
As a consequence, Bondholders could lose all or a significant part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely and that 
the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
The Issuer relies on CCF or its successors for its operations and to administer the Programme Documents 
The Issuer has entered into a number of agreements with HSBC Continental Europe, who has agreed to perform 
services for the Issuer and, as from the Transfer Effective Date, the rights and obligations of HSBC Continental 
Europe have been transferred to CCF. Therefore, in particular, but without limitation: 
− 
CCF is now acting as Administrator to provide the Issuer with necessary advice and assistance and know-
how, whether technical or otherwise in connection with the day-to-day management and corporate 
administration of the Issuer and to ensure that the Issuer, exercises each of its rights and perform each of 
its obligations under the Programme Documents; and 
− 
CCF is now acting as Issuer Calculation Agent to make calculations as provided under the Programme 
Documents and, in particular, to make calculations relating to the Asset Cover Test, the Pre-Maturity Test 
and the Amortisation Test. 
Under the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer may in certain circumstances terminate the appointment 
of CCF (such termination not being effective until a substitute servicer with the required rating shall have 
replaced CCF), in which case the transfer of the servicing function to a new servicer outside the Group may 
result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in collection of sums due to the Issuer under its assets, could create 
operational and administrative difficulties for the Issuer, and could adversely and materially affect its ability to 
perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely and that 
the impact of such risk could be moderate.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
(ii) Risk related to the Home Loans and related Home Loan Security  
Enforcement of Home Loan Guarantees 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a large majority of Home Loans are guaranteed by Crédit Logement and 
the remainder are Mortgages. Following enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security, transfer of title to the 
Home Loan Receivables and related Home Loan Security in favour of the Issuer will become definitive and 
notification of the debtors under such Home Loans will be given, and the Issuer will enforce its rights under the 
relevant Home Loan Guarantees against the guarantor. If thereafter, such guarantor does not pay in whole or in 
part any amounts due under the relevant Home Loan Guarantees for whatever reason or does not pay such 
amounts in a timely manner, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds.  
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Borrower 
Each of the Home Loans will have been originated in accordance with the Borrower's lending criteria at the time 
of origination. It is expected that the Borrower's lending criteria will generally consider the type of financed 
property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, the status of applicants and their credit history. 
One of the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria requires that, prior to the date upon which the Home Loan has been 
made available to the borrower thereof, all lending criteria and preconditions as applied by the Borrower pursuant 
to its customary lending procedures be satisfied. The Borrower retains the right to revise its lending criteria from 
time to time. If the lending criteria changes in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Home Loans, this 
may lead to increased defaults by debtors thereof and may affect the realisable value of the Borrower Collateral 
Security Assets or a part thereof, and may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds upon the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and subsequent definitive transfer of title to the Home 
Loan Receivables and Home Loan Security in favour of the Issuer. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
No independent investigation – representations and warranties 
None of the Issuer, the Administrator or any other party to any Programme Document has undertaken or will 
undertake any investigations, searches or other due diligence regarding the Home Loans, the related Home Loan 
Security or the status and/or the creditworthiness of the debtors under the Home Loans. Each of them has relied 
solely on the representations and warranties given by the Borrower under the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement. 
If any breach of eligibility criteria relating to any Home Loan Receivable is material and (if capable of remedy) 
is not remedied, the Borrower shall be required under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement to provide 
sufficient eligible Home Loan Receivables in order to maintain compliance with the Asset Cover Test. Upon 
becoming ineligible on any given Asset Cover Test Date, any Home Loan Receivable shall be accounted for zero 
for the purposes of determining compliance with the Asset Cover Test. The foregoing is without prejudice to the 
obligations of the relevant parties under the Programme Documents, including the obligation to comply with the 
Asset Cover Test and to the Home Loan Eligibility Criteria. 
Failure to maintain compliance with the Asset Cover Test and/ or Minimum Legal Cover Ratio may result in the 
Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Debtors' ability to pay under the Home Loans  
The debtors under the Home Loans are individuals having borrowed under the Home Loans in order to finance 
the acquisition of real estate property. The ability of such debtors to make a timely payment mainly depends on 
their ability to generate sufficient income. In that respect, the Home Loans selected in the cover pool and which 
are guaranteed by Home Loan Guarantees need to strictly comply with a loan-to-income ratio (taux d'effort) 
threshold at origination below 33%. As of 31 December 2023, the cover pool was exclusively made of Home 
Loans guaranteed by Home Loan Guarantees. 
None of the Issuer, the Borrower or any other party to the Programme Documents guarantees or warrants full 
and timely payment by the debtors under the Home Loans of any sums payable under such Home Loans. 
The ability of a debtor under the Home Loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such Home Loans 
will mainly depend on his assets and his liabilities as well as his ability to generate sufficient income to make 
payments under the relevant Home Loans. His ability to generate income may be adversely affected by a large 
number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the debtor himself (including but not limited to his age 
and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more general in 
nature (such as changes in governmental regulations, fiscal policy, etc.). 
Furthermore, the debtors under the Home Loans may benefit from the favourable legal and statutory provisions 
of the French Consumer Code (Code de la consommation) pursuant to which any individual may, under certain 
circumstances and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from the competent court a grace period, a 
reduction of the amount of all and any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the case may 
be, (pursuant to (i) law No. 98-657 dated 29 July 1998, as amended, and (ii) law No. 2003-710 dated 1st August 
2003) a full or partial extinguishment of its indebtedness against a credit institution. If, following enforcement 
of the Borrower Collateral Security, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from the debtors on such 
Home Loans, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
may therefore be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the debtors under the Home Loans. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
Prepayment 
The rate of prepayment of Home Loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other factors, 
including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to amendments to 
mortgage interest tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions, as well as changes in the debtor's 
behaviour (including but not limited to home-owner mobility).  
A high level of prepayment of the Home Loans, and a variation in the rate of prepayments of principal on the 
Home Loans may negatively affect the ability of the Issuer to have sufficient funds to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds upon the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and subsequent definitive transfer of title to 
the Home Loan Receivables and Home Loan Security in favour of the Issuer. The Issuer calibrates its cover pool 
taking into account the risk induced by high prepayment rates. The impact of prepayment rates are monitored 
through projections made on the cover pool using various level of prepayment rates (from conservative to less 
conservative).  
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that such risk is likely to happen with a moderate impact.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
A. 
Risk factors related to all Series of Covered Bonds 
Insolvency and examinership laws in France could limit the ability of the Bondholders to enforce their rights 
under the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer.  
Under French insolvency law, pursuant to Ordinance No. 2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, which transposes 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, in the context of the 
opening in France of a safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with respect 
to the Issuer, the affected parties (parties affectées) (i.e. creditors, including the Bondholders) are grouped into 
distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. The administrator (administrateur judiciaire) splits, on the 
basis of verifiable objective criteria, the affected parties between classes comprising claims or interests with 
rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest, following certain conditions. As a minimum, the secured 
and unsecured receivables must be treated in distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a 
cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
The Issuer, as a French regulated financial institution, is also subject to the provisions of Articles L.613-24 et 
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). These provisions include in 
particular specific rules on the opening of an insolvency proceeding against the Issuer (e.g. the prior-approval of 
the ACPR would be required to open insolvency proceedings with respect to the Issuer), specific concepts of 
insolvency (cessation des paiements) for the Issuer and some specific rules of liquidation for the Issuer. 
However, the Issuer, as a société de financement de l'habitat, benefits from a regime which derogates in many 
ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings, in particular: 
− 
in accordance with Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
(nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds;  
− 
in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (applicable to the Issuer by reference to Article L.513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier)), the insolvency proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a shareholder of the Issuer cannot be extended to the Issuer; 
− 
in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (applicable to the Issuer by reference to Article L.513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code), any service/loan agreement pursuant to which the Issuer has delegated to another credit institution 
the management or the recovery of loans, exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, deposits, bonds 
or other sources of financing may be immediately terminated upon the opening of bankruptcy proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) affecting that credit institution; 
− 
in accordance with Article L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), in case of insolvency proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) or resolution proceeding (procédure de résolution) of the Issuer, all cash flows generated by 
the assets of the Issuer are allocated as a matter of absolute priority to servicing liabilities of the Issuer

--- Page 28 ---
28 
which benefit from the Privilège as they fall due, in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured 
or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of the liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the 
Privilège, no other creditors may take any action against the assets of the Issuer. 
In the case of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of Bondholders to exercise their rights 
under the Covered Bonds may be limited and the value of the Covered Bonds may be materially adversely 
affected. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties could substantially and adversely 
impact the Bondholders and even cause them to lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Covered 
Bonds, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification of the Conditions of Covered Bonds 
The holders of Covered Bonds will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interest in a Masse (and a General Meeting or a consultation by way of written 
resolutions can be held thereto. The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds permit, in certain cases, defined 
majorities to bind all holders of any series of Covered Bonds, including Bondholders of such series who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Resolutions or holders of 
Covered Bonds who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The General Meeting or consultation may 
deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions, subject to the limitations provided by 
French law, including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or 
which were the subject of judicial decisions (as more fully described in Condition 12(b) (Contractual Masse) 
under section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). The modification of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds adopted by a majority of holders of Covered Bonds, may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Covered Bonds and hence holders of Covered Bonds may lose all or part of 
their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, any resolution to direct the Representative to serve an Issuer Enforcement Notice, and any direction 
to the Representative to take any action as provided under this Base Prospectus, may be passed at the direction 
of the Bondholders of a single Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding and will not require the decision of the 
Bondholders of the other Series of Covered Bonds. Any resolution by Bondholders of a Series of Covered Bonds 
to direct the Representative to serve an Issuer Enforcement Notice will be effective for all the Bondholders of 
such Series of Covered Bonds, including the Bondholders of such Series of Covered Bonds who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant General Meeting and the Bondholders of such Series of Covered Bonds who voted in a 
contrary manner at such General Meeting. The service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice as mentioned above shall 
trigger the acceleration of sums due to Bondholders of the Series of Covered Bonds who have passed a resolution 
to this effect and a Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred (i.e. a 
cross acceleration of sums due to Bondholders of all other Series of Covered Bonds). As a result, Bondholders 
could lose all of part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Withholding taxes – No gross-up obligations in certain specific cases / circumstances 
If French law requires that any payments in respect of any Covered Bonds be subject to deduction as 
contemplated in Condition 9 (Taxation) under section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" or 
withholding in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will pay additional amounts except in certain 
specific circumstances detailed in Condition 9(b) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds". In such specific circumstances, no additional amounts shall be payable by the issuer and, therefore, the 
corresponding risk shall be borne by the Bondholders, or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders. 
Such risk could materially and adversely affect the investment in the Covered Bonds and could result in the 
holders of the Covered Bonds losing all of their investments in the Bonds.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
The EU Resolution and Recovery Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing of an EU-
wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
implemented in France (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"), provides the ACPR with 
a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to 
ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact 
of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). 
Such tools include write-down/conversion powers (i) to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated 
debt instruments) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Covered Bonds if junior 
instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in 
accordance with a set order of priority and (ii) with respect to institutions or groups which viability would 
otherwise be at threat or who require extraordinary financial support (the "BRRD Tool"). 
With respect to the obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged debts, relevant claims for the 
purposes of the BRRD Tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of any Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the notes liability exceeded the value of the cover pool 
collateral against which it is secured. In such case and to such extent, the write-down or conversion requirements 
could result in the full (i.e. to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments 
of ownership of the Covered Bonds, or the variation of the terms of Covered Bonds (for example, the maturity 
and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered).  
The application of any resolution measure and the use of any BRRD Tool, or any suggestion of such application 
or use with respect to the Borrower and its group, could materially adversely affect the rights of the Bondholders, 
the price or value of an investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. As a result, investors could lose all or a substantial part of all their investments in the 
Covered Bonds.  
However, it is to be noted that, pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Issuer shall maintain at all time a Minimum Legal Cover Ratio of at 
least 105% and the Legal Cover Ratios as of (x) 30 June 2023 and (y) 30 September 2023, certified by the 
Specific Controller, were respectively equal to 132% and 129%. 
B. 
Risk factors related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Risk factors related to the interest payable on the Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
As contemplated in Condition 6(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) of section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds", the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms. Investment in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate involves 
the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value, the yield and/or 
liquidity of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and holders of Covered Bonds may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond is determined during the term of such Covered 
Bond or within a given period of time, the market interest rate typically varies on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Covered Bond varies in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically decreases, until the yield of the Fixed

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Rate Covered Bond equals approximately the market interest rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of the Fixed Rate Covered Bond equals 
approximately the market interest rate. 
Movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Covered Bond and can 
lead to losses if they sell Covered Bonds during the period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed 
rate of such Fixed Rate Covered Bond. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Covered Bonds and cause holders of 
Covered Bonds who sell Covered Bonds on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
A key difference between Floating Rate Covered Bonds contemplated in Condition 6(c) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" and Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds is that interest income on Floating Rate Covered Bonds cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for frequent interest payment 
dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest 
the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's 
ability to also issue Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of 
the Floating Rate Covered Bonds (and vice versa). 
Investment in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate comprises (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin 
to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Covered Bonds but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance 
with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Covered Bonds may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Covered Bonds upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. As a result, holders of Covered Bonds may lose all or part of their investments in the Bonds and 
therefore their interests may be negatively altered and impact the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of 
such Covered Bonds. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
As contemplated in Condition 6(e) (Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds", the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Covered Bond which will not bear interest and no coupon 
will be payable prior to the Final Maturity Date. 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds than on the prices of ordinary Covered Bonds because the discounted issue prices are substantially below 
par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds can suffer higher price losses than other 
Covered Bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and holders of Covered Bonds may, 
as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
As contemplated in Condition 6(d) (Fixed/floating Rate Covered Bonds) of section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds", Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on 
the date set out in the Final Terms. The conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate will

--- Page 31 ---
31 
affect the secondary market and the market value of such Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. If the 
Issuer converts Covered Bonds from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds and therefore investors could receive a lower return on the Covered Bonds 
and, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Covered Bonds" and "Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds". 
Reform and regulation of "Benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6 (Interest and other Calculations) of section entitled "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds", the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be determined by reference to Relevant Rates that constitute 
"Benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation").  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of "Benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a 
"Benchmark" and the use of a "Benchmark" within the EEA. The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide 
and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, applies to many interest rate and foreign exchange rate 
indices, equity indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) where used to determine 
the amount payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments traded on a trading venue 
or via a "systematic internaliser", financial contracts and investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds traded on a trading venue or 
via a "systematic internaliser" linked to or referencing a "Benchmark", including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
• 
an index that is a "Benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if 
its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do 
not apply; and 
• 
if the methodology or other terms of the "Benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, amongst other things have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "Benchmark" 
and as a consequence, Bondholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would 
have been the case without such change. 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Covered Bonds being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or 
otherwise impacted depending on the particular "Benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national, or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and on the return on any Covered Bonds linked to a "Benchmark". 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined, and EURIBOR or 
another reference rate has been selected as the Relevant Rate, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen 
Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" of the 
Covered Bonds provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the 
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
unavailable. Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such Original Reference Rate is unavailable may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 6(a) (Definitions) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds") (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original 
Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The 
Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest will result in Covered Bonds linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, and such Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions of the Covered Bonds as necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, then the Issuer may vary these Conditions to give 
effect to such amendments without any requirement for consent or approval of the Bondholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Bondholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders, as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment 
Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can 
be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will 
still result in Covered Bonds linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event 
occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest or the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event (i.e. which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and

--- Page 33 ---
33 
a rising interest rate environment, holders of Covered Bonds will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in 
rates. The trading value of such Covered Bonds could therefore be adversely affected. 
Variable rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor  
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If, as provided in Condition 6 (Interest 
and other Calculations) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" they are structured to 
include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. Holders of Covered Bonds may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower 
interest as they would have expected. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds which are linked to or referencing risk-free rates (including SONIA) 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"). 
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may identify 
that the Rate of Interest for such Covered Bonds will be determined by reference to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof (including the Issuer) may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in Condition 6(c)(iii)(D) (including in relation to fallbacks in the event that SONIA 
is discontinued or fundamentally altered) and used in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing SONIA previously issued under this Programme. 
The continued development of overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing SONIA. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing SONIA 
is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Covered Bonds to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest that will be payable on such Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
(ii) Risk factors related to the redemption of the Covered Bonds 
Redemption for taxation reasons or in case of illegality 
As contemplated by Condition 7(f) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) and Condition 7(g) (Redemption due to 
illegality) of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds", the Issuer may redeem the Covered 
Bonds by anticipation for taxation reasons or for illegality. Such early redemption features may adversely and 
materially affect the holders of Covered Bonds. Therefore, an investor may be exposed to risks connected to the 
reinvestment of cash proceeds from the sale or early redemption of any Covered Bond. As a consequence, holders 
of Covered Bonds may lose all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds and the market value and 
liquidity of such Covered Bonds may decrease.  
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, Exercise of Issuer's Option and Partial Redemption) of 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" provide for the Issuer to redeem the Covered 
Bonds prior to their Maturity Date on any given Option Redemption Date(s) or Option Exercise Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, holders of Covered Bonds could lose part 
of their investment. 
In addition, the exercise of a redemption option by the Issuer only for certain Covered Bonds may affect 
negatively the liquidity for the other Covered Bonds of the same Series for which the option has not been 
exercised. On the basis of the number of Covered Bonds of the same Series for which the redemption option 
provided in the relevant Final Terms was exercised, the securities market for which such redemption right was 
not exercised could become illiquid. 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
Condition 7(a) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Final Redemption) of section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds" allows for the issuance of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds. Within the conditions 
of Article L.513-30 and Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the Final Maturity Date of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be extended automatically to the Extended 
Final Maturity Date if a Maturity Extension Trigger Event has occurred. The payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall not be due and payable until the Extended Final Maturity Date 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such 
extended period at the relevant Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
The extension of the maturity from the Final Maturity Date to, at the latest, the Extended Final Maturity Date 
will not result in any right of the Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will 
result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Covered Bonds. In addition, the situation of the Issuer 
may change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date. As a result, investors may 
not be repaid in full at the Final Maturity Date but at the Extended Final Maturity Date and the liquidity and 
market value of the Covered Bonds between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date might 
be significantly adversely affected.  
(iii) Risk factors relating to the pricing of the Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The issue price of any specific Series of the Covered Bond will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The 
market values of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Covered Bonds. Therefore, holders of Covered Bonds issued 
at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities and could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(iv) Risk factors related to the rating of the Covered Bonds 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds and Rating Affirmation  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA by S&P. The rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds by S&P is based on the SFH Legal Framework (including the Privilège), the Borrower 
Collateral Security, the Home Loans and Home Loan Security, any Cash Collateral and the other relevant 
structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the Programme Documents, including, among 
other things, the Issuer Credit Rating (as defined under the relevant S&P credit rating methodology) of certain 
parties to the Programme Documents, and reflect only the views of the Rating Agency. The ratings of S&P 
address the likelihood of full and timely receipt by any of the relevant Bondholders of interest on the Covered 
Bonds and the likelihood of receipt by the Bondholders of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds by the 
relevant Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be). Other non-credit risks 
have not been addressed but may have a significant effect on yield to investors. 
Any such rating(s) may not continue for any period of time or may not be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the 
judgment of the Rating Agency, circumstances so warrant. A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of the rating 
mentioned above may impact both the value of the Covered Bonds or their marketability in secondary market 
transactions. 
The Rating Agency will be notified of the exercise of certain discretions exercised by or on behalf of the Issuer 
under the Programme Documents. However, the Rating Agency is under no obligation to revert to the Issuer (or 
any of its agents) regarding the impact of the exercise of such discretion on the relevant rating(s) of the Covered 
Bonds and any decision as to whether or not to confirm, downgrade, withdraw or qualify the relevant rating(s) 
of all classes or any class of Covered Bonds based on such notification may be made at the sole discretion of the 
Rating Agency at any time, including after the relevant action has been taken. 
Where, after the Programme Date, as defined below, a particular matter such as that referred to in the preceding 
paragraph or any other matter involves the Rating Agency being requested a prior Rating Affirmation, the Rating 
Agency, at its sole discretion, may or may not give such affirmation. It should be noted that, depending on the 
timing of delivery of the request and any information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may 
be the case that the Rating Agency cannot provide the relevant affirmation in the time available or at all and it 
will not be held responsible for the consequences thereof. Any affirmation received from the Rating Agency, if 
given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time and in the context 
of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Covered Bonds form part since the Programme Date. 
Furthermore, in the event that the Rating Agency gives a Rating Affirmation, this will be on the basis of full and 
timely receipt by the relevant Bondholders of interest on the Covered Bonds and the likelihood of receipt of 
principal of the Covered Bonds by the relevant Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be). After any such affirmation, the then current rating(s) of the Covered Bonds may or may not 
continue for any period of time or may or may not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the 
Rating Agency for any of the reasons specified above in relation to the original rating(s) of the Covered Bonds. 
As such an affirmation of the rating(s) of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency is not a representation or 
warranty that, as a result of a particular matter, the interest and principal due under the Covered Bonds will be 
paid or repaid in full and when due. The rating(s) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to any sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the concerned rating agency 
at any time. 
Rating agencies (other than the Rating Agency) could seek to rate the Covered Bonds and if such unsolicited 
ratings are lower than any comparable ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency, those 
unsolicited ratings could have a material and adverse effect on the market value and the marketability of the 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
C. 
Risk factors related to the market generally 
Market value of the Covered Bonds 
Application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated 
Market. If this is the case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Covered Bonds will specify such admission 
to trading. 
The market value of the Covered Bonds will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Borrower and of the Issuer 
and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of the market interest and yield 
rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Covered Bonds on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Markets depends on a number of 
interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Covered Bonds are traded and/or 
admitted to trading. The price at which holders of Covered Bonds will be able to sell the Covered Bonds prior to 
maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such holder of Covered Bonds and result in losing all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
An active trading market for the Covered Bonds may not develop  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other 
Regulated Market. However, such Covered Bonds may have a limited established trading market when issued, 
and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. If a Tranche of Covered Bonds is 
issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile 
market in such Covered Bonds. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
an adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of this 
Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to 
the Covered Bonds. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Covered Bonds in 
secondary resales even if there is no decline in the credit strength of the Issuer or the performance of the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change and if and when they 
do whether there will be a more liquid market for the Covered Bonds and instruments similar to the Covered 
Bonds at that time. 
These risk factors could materially and adversely affect the market value of the Covered Bonds and, as a 
consequence, holders of Covered Bonds may lose all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Covered Bonds to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency" 
as defined in Condition 6(a) (Interest and other Calculations - Definitions) of section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value 
of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency

--- Page 37 ---
37 
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, the holders of Covered Bonds may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. As a consequence, this may adversely 
affect the Holders of the Covered Bonds who could lose part of their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the context of any offer of Covered Bonds in each Member State of the European Economic Area for which 
the Issuer has given its consent referred to in the relevant Final Terms (the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction") 
that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-exempt Offer"), in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom 
an offer of any Covered Bonds is made, CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer") consents to 
the use of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a 
Non-exempt Offer of any Covered Bonds during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Offer Period") and in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
(1) 
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary authorised to make 
such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, ("MiFID II") and which satisfies any conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Covered Bonds 
by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out in 
section entitled "Subscription and Sale" which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) considers the 
relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID 
II product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms and/or the "UK MiFIR product 
governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions 
or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of 
the Covered Bonds is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, 
consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or 
sales of, the Covered Bonds under the Rules; (f) complies with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate 
steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor 
prior to initial investment in any Covered Bonds by the Investor), and will not permit any application 
for Covered Bonds in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source 
of the application monies; (g) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or 
the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (h) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent 
in any jurisdiction; and (i) satisfies any further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each 
case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and 
shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the content 
of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer 
of any Covered Bonds is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for which 
that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on the 
dates specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Non-exempt Offers and provided that the 
relevant Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-exempt Offers may be made to the public in the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s), all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the 
Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the date 
of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors 
who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at 
https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area. 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, any 
such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is 
using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with 
the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with 
its offer of any Covered Bonds. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Covered Bonds from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Covered Bonds to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to 
price allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer"). The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer 
or sale of the Covered Bonds and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that 
Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information or the consequences of its use by 
the relevant investors.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM – PRINCIPAL PROGRAMME PARTIES 
 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
 
 
 
Covered Bonds 
Investors 
 
CCF SFH 
(Issuer) 
CCF 
(Borrower / Collateral Provider / 
Administrator/ 
Cash 
Collateral 
Provider 
/ 
Issuer 
Calculation 
Agent)  
BNP Paribas SA 
(Fiscal Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent) 
Covered 
Bonds 
Issuance 
Proceeds 
Covered 
Bonds 
Issuance 
Interest and 
principal 
payments under 
the Covered 
Bonds 
Interest and 
Principal 
payment under 
the Borrower 
Facility 
Borrower 
Collateral 
Security 
Borrower 
Advances under 
the Borrower 
Facility 
Agreement

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Principal Programme Parties 
The following list does not purport to be complete and is qualified in all respects by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Issuer: 
CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France))  
Administrator: 
CCF 
Borrower: 
CCF 
Cash Collateral Provider: 
CCF 
Permanent Dealer: 
Natixis 
Bondholders Representative in 
respect of the Covered Bonds: 
 
DIIS Group 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent in 
respect of the dematerialised 
Covered Bonds: 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas SA 
Rating Agency: 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
Issuer Calculation Agent: 
CCF 
Issuer Accounts Bank: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Specific Controller: 
Cailliau Dedouit et associés 
Substitute Specific Controller: 
Rémi Savournin

--- Page 42 ---
42 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously or simultaneously published and filed with the Autorité des marches financiers (the "AMF") and 
which are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, the Base Prospectus: 
- 
the half-year report of CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) for the period ended 30 June 2023 in 
the French language and prepared in accordance with French generally accepted accounting principles 
(the 
"2023 
Half-Year 
Financial 
Report"; 
https://www.mymoneygroup.com/sites/corporate/files/medias/documents/2024-01/230801-rapport-
financier-semestriel-juin-2023_0.pdf); 
- 
the annual financial report of CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) for the year ended 
31 December 2022 in the French language and prepared in accordance with French generally accepted 
accounting principles and the statutory auditors' report thereon (the "2022 Annual Financial Report"; 
https://www.mymoneygroup.com/sites/corporate/files/medias/documents/2024-01/230307-rapport-
financier-annuel-2022.pdf); and 
- 
the annual financial report of CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) for the year ended 
31 December 2021 in the French language and prepared in accordance with French generally accepted 
accounting principles and the statutory auditors' report thereon (the "2021 Annual Financial Report"; 
https://www.mymoneygroup.com/sites/corporate/files/medias/documents/2024-01/220307-rapport-
financier-annuel-2021.pdf).  
All documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge on request, at 
the principal office of the Issuer and the Paying Agents set out at the end of the Base Prospectus during normal 
business hours so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding. Such documents will be published on the 
website of My Money Group (https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area).  
For the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall be read in connection with the following cross-reference table (in which the numbering refers 
to the relevant items of Annexes 6 and 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended). For the avoidance of doubt, any 
information not listed in the cross-reference list but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given 
for information purposes only.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Cross-reference list 
(Annex 6 and Annex 7 of the Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended) 
Extracts of Annexes 6 and 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended 
2023 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
(page number) 
2022 Annual 
Financial Report 
(page number) 
2021 Annual Financial 
Report (page number) 
 
SECTION 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1.5  
Recent events relating 
to the issuer 
Pages 3 and 4 
Pages 4 to 9 
Pages 4 to 9 
SECTION 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1  
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.1.1  
Historical 
financial 
information covering 
the latest two financial 
years 
(at 
least 24 
months) 
or 
such 
shorter period as the 
issuer has been in 
operation and the audit 
report in respect of 
each year. 
Pages 10 to 33 
Pages 48 to 66 
Pages 47 to 66 
 
11.1.3  
Accounting standards 
N/A 
Page 23 
Page 24 
 
11.1.5  
Financial information 
 
 
 
 
- 
Balance sheet 
Pages 10 to 11 
Pages 48 to 49 
Pages 47 to 48 
 
 
- 
Income statement 
Page 12 
Page 50 
Page 49 
 
 
- 
Statement of cash 
flows 
Page 13 
Page 51 
Page 50 
 
 
- 
Statement of 
changes in equity 
Page 14 
Page 52 
Page 51 
 
 
- 
Accounting 
policies and 
explanatory notes 
Pages 15 to 31 
Pages 53 to 62 
Pages 52 to 62 
 
11.1.7  
Age of financial 
information 
Page 10 
Page 48 
Page 47

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Extracts of Annexes 6 and 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended 
2023 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
(page number) 
2022 Annual 
Financial Report 
(page number) 
2021 Annual Financial 
Report (page number) 
 
11.3  
Auditing of Historical 
financial information 
Pages 32 to 33 
Pages 63 to 66 
Pages 63 to 66

--- Page 45 ---
45 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 31 January 2025, a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to information included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds arises 
or is noted, CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer") shall prepare and make available a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the relevant Final Terms 
relate to a Non-exempt Offer of the Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for Covered Bonds before any supplement is published have the right, exercisable 
within two working days after the publication of this supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that 
the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the Non-exempt Offer or the delivery of the Covered Bonds, 
whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). 
The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 31 January 2025, this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the website of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (www.amf-france.org) and of My Money Group (https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area) 
and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on 
any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (103, rue de Grenelle, 75007 Paris, France).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds will be used to fund the Borrower Advances that CCF SFH 
(formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer") (as Lender) will make available to CCF (as Borrower) under the 
Borrower Facility Agreement. Such net proceeds may also fund the purchase by the Issuer in the future of Eligible 
Assets other than the Borrower Advances and the Home Loan Receivables. In particular, the Issuer may purchase 
any such assets in the future with a view to grant such assets as collateral with the Banque de France in accordance 
with the rules of the Eurosystem. The estimated net proceeds in respect of each issue of Covered Bonds will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") that, 
as completed in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms (as defined below), shall be 
applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Dematerialised Covered Bonds (as defined below), the text of the terms 
and conditions will not be attached to any physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following 
text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Covered Bonds which are Materialised Covered 
Bonds (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed shall, in each case, be attached 
to the relevant Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Temporary Global Certificate and Permanent Global 
Certificate as the case may be. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, or defined or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings when used in these Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
References in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to (i) "Covered Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds 
of one Series (as defined below) only and not to all Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Programme 
and (ii) "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
The Covered Bonds are issued by CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer" or "CCF SFH"), on 
a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest), the 
Covered Bonds of each Series being intended to be fungible with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having the same or different issue dates and on terms 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The Covered Bonds of a Tranche of each 
Series will be fungible with all Covered Bonds of the other Tranches of that Series. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the 
issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms").  
An agency agreement dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus (the "Agency Agreement") governed 
by French law has been entered into between the Issuer and BNP Paribas SA as fiscal agent, principal paying 
agent and calculation agent. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)".  
The Bondholders (as defined below) and, where applicable, the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Covered Bonds and, where applicable in the case of such Covered Bonds, 
talons (the "Talons") for further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of 
principal (the "Receipts") relating to Materialised Covered Bonds of which the principal is redeemable in 
instalments are respectively referred to below as the "Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders" and are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In these Conditions, references to "day" or "days" are to calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
1. 
Definitions  
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus dated 31 January 2024 of the Issuer, in the form in which 
it is on file with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France and received the approval 
number 24-015 on 31 January 2024, together with any document incorporated by reference and any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, as the case may be. 
"Bondholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Covered Bond" means: (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Covered 
Bonds, (ii) in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bond and the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it and (iii) in the case of Materialised 
Covered Bonds in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, 
each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as the holder of such Covered Bonds or of a 
particular nominal amount of interests in such Covered Bonds, in accordance with the applicable laws and 
regulations and with the applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution, including, 
without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate. 
"Borrower" means CCF, in its capacity as borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement (as defined 
in section entitled "The Borrower and the Borrower Facility Agreement").  
"Borrower Debt" means the Borrower's indebtedness outstanding from time to time under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement. 
"CCF" means CCF (formerly Banque des Caraïbes), a French société anonyme, duly licensed as a French 
établissement de crédit, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Paris under number 
315 769 257 and having its registered office at 103, rue de Grenelle, 75007 Paris, France. 
"Closing Date" means the date of the issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds by the Issuer. 
"Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (d) of 
the definition of Issuer Event of Default below. 
"Fee Letter" means any letter or letters dated on or about the Transfer Effective Date entered into between 
the Administrator, the Issuer Calculation Agent, the Lender and the Borrower setting out any of the fees 
to be paid to the Issuer or CCF. 
"Issuer Accounts Bank Fee Letter" means the letter dated on or about the Transfer Effective Date entered 
into between the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Issuer setting out any of the fees to be paid to the Issuer 
Accounts Bank by the Issuer. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
at any relevant time following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in section 
entitled "The Borrower and the Borrower Facility Agreement" – "The Borrower Facility 
Agreement"), a Breach of Amortisation Test (as defined in section entitled "Asset Monitoring") 
occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Covered Bond (including 
the payment of any additional amounts mentioned in Condition 9) when due and payable, unless 
such default has arisen by reason of technical default or error and payment is made within five (5) 
Business Days of the due date thereof; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance or observance of any of its other material obligations 
under any Covered Bond and such default has not been cured within thirty (30) days after the 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer and, when applicable, the Specific Controller)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
of the written notice of such default by the Representative requiring such default to be remedied 
and indicating that this provision may be invoked if it is not so remedied; or 
(d) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer (including any Covered Bonds of any other 
Series) becomes or becomes capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
as a result of a default thereunder, or any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case 
may be, within any originally applicable grace period (a "Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration 
Event"); or 
(e) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the liquidation or winding up of the Issuer 
(except in the case of a liquidation or winding up for the purpose of a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, merger or following the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, 
the terms of which have previously been approved by the Majority Bondholders of all Series for 
which Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, are Outstanding, 
and such liquidation or winding up being subject to prior Rating Affirmation); or 
(f) 
the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or applies for a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole 
of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, if the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or makes any 
conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a 
composition with its creditors; or 
(g) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business (except in the case of a cessation 
for the purpose of a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or following the transfer of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, in each case the terms of which have previously been 
approved by the Majority Bondholders of all Series for which Covered Bonds or, if applicable, 
any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, are Outstanding and such liquidation or winding up 
being subject to prior Rating Affirmation). 
"Majority Bondholders" means a decision of the General Meeting of such Series taken in accordance 
with Condition 12. 
"Outstanding" means, in relation to Covered Bonds of any Series all the Covered Bonds issued other 
than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such 
Covered Bonds to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly 
paid as provided in Condition 8, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled or held by the Issuer, for so long 
as such Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer, as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds that 
have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, (ii) (for the 
purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate or Permanent Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, pursuant to its provisions. 
"Payment Date" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the payment date of any 
principal or interest amount applicable to the Issuer and specified as such in the relevant Final Terms for 
such Covered Bonds. 
"Programme Date" means the date of the Base Prospectus applicable to the Programme.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
"Programme Documents" means: 
(a) 
the Letter of Undertakings (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" – "Issuer Share capital and 
Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings"); 
(b) 
any Fee Letter; 
(c) 
the Issuer Accounts Bank Fee Letter; 
(d) 
the Administrative Agreement (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" – "The Administrative 
Agreement"); 
(e) 
the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens (as defined in section entitled 
"The Issuer" – "Issuer Risk Management"); 
(f) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" – "The Issuer 
Accounts Agreement"); 
(g) 
these Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(i) 
the Dealer Agreement (as defined in section entitled "Subscription and Sale"); 
(j) 
the Borrower Facility Agreement (as defined in section entitled "The Borrower and the Borrower 
Facility Agreement" – "The Borrower Facility Agreement"); 
(k) 
the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement (as defined in section entitled "The Borrower 
Collateral Security" – "The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement"); 
(l) 
the Cash Collateral Agreement (as defined in section entitled "The Borrower Collateral Security" 
– "The Cash Collateral Agreement"); 
(m) 
the Calculation Services Agreement (as defined in section entitled "Asset Monitoring" – "The 
Calculation Services Agreement"); and 
(n) 
the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement, which provides for the definitions of defined 
terms and incorporated by reference into certain of the Programme Documents. 
"Rating Affirmation" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment, and 
except as otherwise specified in any Programme Document, receipt by the Issuer (and sent to the relevant 
Representative) of written confirmation from the Rating Agency, for so long as the Covered Bonds are 
rated by such Rating Agency, that such specified action, determination or appointment will not result in 
the downgrading or withdrawal of the rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by that Rating Agency. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or any other S&P's Global substituted 
entity) ("S&P").  
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended from time to time ("MiFID II"), appearing 
on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website. 
"Representative Consent" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment, 
receipt by the Issuer of written confirmation of consent of the Representative (acting upon instructions of 
the Majority Bondholders of the relevant Series of Outstanding Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any 
Receipts or Coupons relating to them).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
"Transfer" means the transfer by HSBC Continental Europe of, among other things, its full ownership 
interest in the Issuer and of most of its rights and obligations under the Programme Documents to which 
it was a party, including, notably, in its capacity as borrower, administrator, issuer calculation agent and 
cash collateral provider, to CCF which has occurred on the Transfer Effective Date. 
"Transfer Effective Date" means the 1st January 2024. 
2. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") 
or in materialised form ("Materialised Covered Bonds"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including 
certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier)) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder in either 
administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account 
Holder designated by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds or in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration 
Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream as the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
In the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur), Euroclear France shall act as agent for the Issuer solely for the purpose of 
maintaining the record of ownership of such Dematerialized Covered Bonds in Euroclear 
France's books. In the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), each Account Holder shall act as agent for the 
Issuer solely for the purpose of maintaining the record of ownership of such Dematerialized 
Covered Bonds in such Account Holder's books. 
(ii) 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form only. Materialised Covered 
Bonds in definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds") will be serially 
numbered and issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the 
case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
the case may be)), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment 
Covered Bonds are issued with one or more Receipts attached. In accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
securities (such as Covered Bonds constituting obligations under French law) in

--- Page 52 ---
52 
materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside of the French 
territory. 
(b) 
Type of Underlying 
The Covered Bonds may be "Fixed Rate Covered Bonds", "Floating Rate Covered Bonds", 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds" "Zero Coupon Covered Bonds" or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Denomination 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)"), provided that all Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") will be at least such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or by 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, the Covered Bonds (including Covered 
Bonds denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued in one Specified Denomination only.  
(d) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Covered 
Bonds may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Covered Bonds may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of 
any Covered Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss (or that of the 
related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(e) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of 
the holder of any Covered Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 17 and on or after the date on which the Member State of the 
EEA in whose national currency the Covered Bonds are denominated has become a participating 
Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided 
in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time (the "Treaty"))

--- Page 53 ---
53 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds of any Series into Euro and adjust the 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly. 
3. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at 
the option of the holder of such Covered Bonds, be converted into Covered Bonds in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any 
such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Covered Bonds 
Materialised Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, the principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 5(b), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present and future 
obligations (including the Covered Bonds of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer 
benefiting from the Privilège described in Condition 5(b). 
5. 
Covenants 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, is 
Outstanding:  
(a) 
Negative Pledge 
Except in accordance with the Programme Documents, the Issuer will not create or permit to 
subsist any privilège, mortgage, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) 
upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Undertaking (as 
defined below) of, or guaranteed by, the Issuer, where "Relevant Undertaking" means any present 
or future (i) indebtedness for borrowed money or (ii) undertaking in relation to interest or currency 
swap transactions. 
(b) 
Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) 
The principal and interest of the Covered Bonds will benefit from the privilège (statutory priority 
in right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège").

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)), pursuant to Articles L.513-11 and L.513-30-I of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, 
securities and deposits referred to in Articles L.513-3, L.513-6, L.513-7 and L.513-29 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), including any 
mortgages, guarantees, accessories and indemnities relating thereto, and forward financial 
instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) (in each case after any applicable set-off), together with the 
claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, shall be allocated 
in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of obligations de financement de 
l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds), and any of other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings of the Issuer, or resolution 
proceeding (procédure de résolution) opened against the Issuer pursuant to Article L.613-
49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the amounts 
due by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat 
(including the Covered Bonds) or any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège, shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's 
debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have 
been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and 
rights of the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) 
the safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings of the Issuer, or resolution proceeding 
(procédure de résolution) opened against the Issuer pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), will not result in the 
obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and the other debts 
benefiting from the Privilège becoming due and payable. 
(c) 
Limitation on Indebtedness 
The Issuer undertakes not to incur any indebtedness other than as contemplated by the Programme 
Documents unless: 
(i) 
such indebtedness is fully subordinated to the outstanding indebtedness incurred in relation 
to the Covered Bonds, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
prior Rating Affirmation has been delivered in relation to such indebtedness. 
(d) 
Separateness covenants 
The Issuer undertakes (except as permitted under the Programme Documents or the Issuer's by-
laws (statuts)): 
(i) 
to maintain books and records separate from any other person or entity; 
(ii) 
to maintain its accounts separate from those of any other person or entity; 
(iii) 
not to commingle assets with those of any other entity; 
(iv) 
to conduct its own business in its own name;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(v) 
to maintain separate financial statements; 
(vi) 
to pay its own liabilities out of its own funds; 
(vii) 
to observe all corporate, partnership, or other formalities required by its constituting 
documents; 
(viii) not to guarantee or to become obligated for the debts of any other entity or to hold out its 
credit as being available to satisfy the obligations of others;  
(ix) 
not to acquire capital shares of its partners or shareholders; 
(x) 
to use its own separate stationery, invoices and cheques; 
(xi) 
to hold itself out as a separate entity; 
(xii) 
not to have any employees; 
(xiii) not to voluntarily wind up; and  
(xiv) to correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity. 
(e) 
Amortisation Test 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default (as defined in section entitled "The 
Borrower and the Borrower Facility Agreement"), the Issuer undertakes to comply with the 
Amortisation Test. For the purposes hereof, the terms of section entitled "Asset Monitoring" are 
incorporated by reference in this Condition 5(e). 
(f) 
Programme Documents 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a 
party, the Issuer undertakes that no amendment, modification, alteration, termination or 
supplement shall be made to any Programme Document to which it is a party without prior 
information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the interests of the 
Issuer or the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may amend, modify, alter, terminate or supplement any 
Programme Document to which it is a party without prior information to the Rating Agency: 
(i) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(ii) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to any Programme Document to which it is 
a party to any successor; 
(iii) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under any 
Programme Document to which it is a party;  
(iv) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or 
(v) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
In addition, the Issuer undertakes that: 
(i) 
each Programme Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will include 
limited recourse language pursuant to which the creditors of the Issuer (including the 
holders of the Covered Bonds) will agree that their recourse will be limited to the funds 
that are available to the Issuer at any relevant date; and 
(ii) 
each Programme Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will also include 
non-petition language, whereby the creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Covered Bonds) will agree not to commence or to join any proceedings for the insolvency 
of the Issuer prior to the end of an eighteen (18) month period after all Covered Bonds have 
been paid and discharged in full. 
(g) 
Notification of Issuer Events of Default 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer undertakes to promptly inform the Rating Agency, the 
Representative and the Administrator (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer") of the 
occurrence of any Issuer Event of Default. Upon receipt of a written request from such Rating 
Agency, the Representative or the Administrator, the Issuer will confirm to each of them that, save 
as previously notified to the Rating Agency, the Representative and the Administrator, or as 
notified in such confirmation, no Issuer Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
(h) 
No further Issuance 
The Issuer undertakes not to issue any further Covered Bonds under the Programme: 
(i) 
as from the date a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in section entitled "The 
Borrower and the Borrower Facility Agreement" – "The Borrower Facility Agreement") 
has been served, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 19; 
(ii) 
as from the date an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served; 
(iii) 
for so long as a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test (as defined in section entitled 
"Asset Monitoring") has occurred and is not remedied, except for the purposes of 
subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19;  
(iv) 
for so long as a Non-Compliance with Amortisation Test (as defined in section entitled 
"Asset Monitoring") has occurred and is not remedied, except for the purposes of 
subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19; 
or 
(v) 
for so long as, regarding the Pre-Maturity Test (as defined in section entitled "Asset 
Monitoring"), a Non-Compliance Notice (as defined in section entitled "Asset 
Monitoring") has been delivered and is not withdrawn, except for the purposes of 
subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), 
as may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version 
applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto, as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions), as published by ISDA, as may be 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as 
the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Bondholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or  
(ii) 
if no recommendation required under the subparagraph (a) above has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; or  
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative Benchmark which the Independent Adviser determines 
in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b) and which is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds;  
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system ("T2") is open for the settlement of payments in euro 
(a "TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Covered Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred 
and sixty-five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by three hundred 
and sixty-five (365). 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and  
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360). 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be thirty-one (31) and D1 is 
greater than twenty-nine (29), in which case D2 will be thirty (30). 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)]+ (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which 
case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will be thirty 
(30). 
"Effective Date" means, as the context requires: 
(i) 
with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of 
the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; or 
(ii) 
with respect to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and the Cash Collateral 
Agreement, the date upon which a first Borrower Advance shall have been made available 
by the Lender to the Borrower subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Facility Agreement. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended from time to time. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the issue date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two (2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final 
Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means , as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally specified Relevant Rate used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of a determination of SONIA, the principal London 
office of four (4) major banks in the London inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four (4) major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or (iii) in all other 
cases, the principal offices of four (4) major banks in the relevant interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the Relevant Rate, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in 
the case of Materialised Covered Bonds if earlier the date seven (7) days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Covered Bonds that, upon further presentation of 
the Materialised Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, 
such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case 
of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-Zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Benchmark:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Benchmark, relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Benchmark, relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency 
for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration 
commencing on the Effective Date.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre (and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-Zone as a 
Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time)). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual 
Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii). 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, 
more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the 
one which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular 
features of the relevant Covered Bonds and the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each 
date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be

--- Page 63 ---
63 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where 
the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be 
applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in (i) the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the provisions below relating to either 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(a) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (A)(a), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(a), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", 
"Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
(b) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (A)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 64 ---
64 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(5) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
(6) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(7) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective Date" and 
"Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to 
be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring 
Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
(8) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (3) above, the relevant Reset 
Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual 
Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms and, if so, the applicable number of days is 
either (x) as specified in the Final Terms or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms and, if so, the "Lookback" is either 
(x) as specified in the Final Terms or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as 
the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms and, if so, 
Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, "Observation Period Shift Additional Business

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Day" will be as specified in the Final Terms and the 
"Observation Period Shift" will be either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms or (y) if no number is specified as such in 
the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Observation 
Period Shift" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms and, if so, "Lockout Period 
Business Day" will be as specified in the Final Terms and the 
"Lockout" will be either (x) as specified in the Final Terms 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, 
the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(b), except as otherwise 
defined in such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Calculation 
Period", "Compounding with Lockout", "Compounding with 
Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period Shift", 
"Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", 
"Fixing Day", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout 
Period Business Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation 
Period Shift", "Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", 
"Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance", "Swap 
Transaction" and "Termination Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified as being EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or 
(if applicable) to Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be 
either:  
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Relevant Screen 
Page is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one 
entity); or  
(II) 
the arithmetic means of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Relevant Screen Page, in each case 
appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-
paragraph (1)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-
paragraph (1)(II) applies and fewer than two (2) Relevant Rates appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to 
leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in 
respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least 
two (2) out of five (5) leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the 
Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-Zone as selected by the Calculation 
Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the 
Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote 
such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business 
in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two (2) of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer 
than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined 
on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any 
difference between any Margin, multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B) and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing 
which 
an 
Alternative 
Rate 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially

--- Page 67 ---
67 
reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer (for the 
avoidance of doubt the Issuer's consultation referred to above shall not give 
any discretionary power to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser will act 
alone in determining whether a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is 
available). In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or the Bondholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing 
which, 
an 
Alternative 
Rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been 
a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding 
Interest 
Period. 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
(subject 
to 
the 
operation 
of 
this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to

--- Page 68 ---
68 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Bondholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms 
of 
any 
Benchmark Amendments, 
determined 
under 
this 
Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the 
Masse and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Bondholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Bondholders and the Representative of the Masse 
of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) 
where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by 
the Bondholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.  
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall 
be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)

--- Page 69 ---
69 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's, the Calculation Agent's or the Paying 
Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Bondholders. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the 
Originial Reference Rate specified in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B) will continue to 
apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any 
time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(C), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified 
in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) and, until such determination 
and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these 
Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B), will continue to apply in accordance with 
their terms. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Accrual Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, in relation to an Interest Accrual Period: 
I. 
where "Index Determination" is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during 
the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005% being rounded upwards):

--- Page 70 ---
70 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
II. 
where "Index Determination" is specified as Applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005% being rounded upwards): 
( 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × 365
𝑑 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any reason to 
determine either or both of IndexEND and IndexSTART in relation to any Interest 
Accrual Period, then Compounded Daily SONIA shall be calculated for such 
Interest Accrual Period as if "Index Determination" had been specified as being 
Not Applicable in the relevant Final Terms (and paragraph I of this definition 
shall be applied accordingly), 
where: 
"d" means (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and (ii) where "Shift" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
"d0" means (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Observation Method, the number of London Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and (ii) where "Shift" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, for any Observation Period, 
the number of London Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means, in relation to any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing the relevant London Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London Business Day (i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and (ii) where 
"Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"IndexEND" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Index Value 
on the day which is "p" London Business Days prior to (i) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (ii) if the Covered Bonds become due 
and payable prior to the end of an Interest Period, the date on which the 
Covered Bonds become so due and payable; 
"IndexSTART" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Index Value 
on the day which is "p" London Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period (and in respect of the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Issue Date); 
"Index Value" means, where "SONIA" is specified as the Relevant Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms, in relation to any London Business Day, the value of the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised redistributors on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the immediately following London Business Day 
provided, however, that in the event that the value originally published is 
subsequently corrected and such corrected value is published by authorised 
redistributors or the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA (or any 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the original date of publication, then 
such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall 
be deemed the Index Value in relation to such London Business Day; 
"LBD" means a London Business Day; 
"Lock-Out Period" means the period from, and including, the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"ni" means, for any London Business Day, the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following London Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date which is "p" London Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling 
"p" London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"p" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, other than any London Business Day in the Lock-Out Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the "SONIA 
Compounded Index" administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof); 
"SONIAi" means (i) where "Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Observation Method, and in respect of a London Business Day "i", the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of that day, and (ii) where "Lock-Out" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, (x) in respect 
of any London Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of such Reference Day, and (y) in respect of any London 
Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a London Business Day in 
the Lock-Out Period), the SONIA reference rate in respect of the last Reference 
Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day falling no 
fewer than five London Business Days prior to the final day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period); 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means (i) where "Lag" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, in respect of any London Business Day falling in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period the SONIA reference rate for the London 
Business Day falling "p" London Business Days prior to the relevant London 
Business Day "i", and (ii) where "Shift" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, SONIAi; and 
"SONIA reference rate" means, in relation to any London Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA")

--- Page 72 ---
72 
rate for such London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Business Day immediately following 
such London Business Day. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(D), an "Interest Accrual Period" 
means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the 
first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
becomes due and payable following an Issuer Event of Default, shall be the 
date on which such Covered Bonds become due and payable). 
Fallback provisions 
If, in respect of any London Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that 
the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA reference rate shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes (i) guidance as to how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined 
or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall, subject to receiving 
written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference 
rate for the purpose of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds for so long as the 
SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party

--- Page 73 ---
73 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 10 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Covered 
Bonds became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds 
shall, for so long as any such Covered Bond remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Change of Interest Basis is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch 
Date") from a fixed rate (as determined pursuant to Condition 6(b)) (a "Fixed Rate") to a 
floating rate (as determined pursuant to Condition 6(c)) (a "Floating Rate") or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis"), it being specified 
that any Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be notified by the Issuer to the relevant 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 within the period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to 
a Fixed Rate on the Switch Date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis"). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Where a Covered Bond the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) pursuant to 
an Issuer's Option or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 7(e) or 
otherwise and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Final Maturity Date 
(or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be the Early Redemption Amount. As 
from the Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Covered Bond shall be a rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(e)(i)).

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Covered Bond on the due date for redemption unless (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Covered Bonds, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the 
manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, 
in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
In no event shall the amount of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
applicable Margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall 
be rounded to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Covered Bond for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Covered Bond by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Covered Bond for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated 
in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum 
of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and

--- Page 75 ---
75 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Bondholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the 
rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number 
as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Covered 
Bond is Outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or 
unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference 
Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than 
one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office, or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign from its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled pursuant to the Issuer or Bondholders' 
option or its maturity is extended, all as specified below, each Covered Bond shall be finally 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Covered 
Bond falling within Condition 7(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
Covered Bonds may have hard bullet maturities (not allowing the Final Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series to be extended) or soft bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series to be extended, each such Covered Bonds being referred to as "Soft Bullet Covered 
Bonds", as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant Series). With respect to Series of Soft Bullet

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Covered Bonds, an extended Final Maturity Date (the "Extended Final Maturity Date") shall be 
specified as applying in relation to such Series in the relevant Final Terms. The conditions in which 
such a maturity extension shall be made have been specified by a decree-law (ordonnance) 
No. 2021-858 of 30 June 2021, a decree (décret) No. 2021-898 of 6 July 2021, a decree (décret) 
No. 2022-766 of 2 May 2022 and a decree (décret) No. 2023-102 of 16 February 2023. 
The maturity extension trigger event shall only be, in accordance with the provisions of Articles 
L.513-30 and R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), one of the following cases (or all of them): 
(i) 
in the event of non-payment on the maturity date initially set, of the principal or the 
interests of a loan granted by the Issuer to a credit institution and guaranteed by the 
remittance, the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to 
L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these receivables are of a professional 
nature. It shall be the same in the event of non-payment, by the credit institution issuing 
the promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), of the principal or the interests of such promissory notes 
(billets à ordre); 
(ii) 
in the event of non-payment, on the maturity date initially set, of the principal or the 
interests of the relevant Covered Bond by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
in the event of (x) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and 
guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles 
L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these receivables are of a 
professional nature or (y) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) 
subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-
48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), is the 
subject of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings, or resolution proceeding 
(procédure de resolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(iv)  
in the event the Issuer is subject to safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings, or 
resolution proceeding (procédure de resolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
(each such event, a "Maturity Extension Trigger Event"). 
If a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs, then the payment of the unpaid amount shall be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable up to twelve (12) months later on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity 
Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the 
relevant Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, or the 
relevant Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is 
extended pursuant to any Issuer's or Bondholders' option in accordance with Conditions 7(c) or 
7(d), each Covered Bond that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Covered Bond shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Covered Bond, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on the due date for such 
payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, on presentation of the related Receipt, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such 
Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, Exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption 
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 17 to the Bondholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, in relation to all or, if so provided, some, of the Covered 
Bonds on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any 
such redemption of Covered Bonds shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must 
relate to Covered Bonds of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Covered Bonds in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the 
Issuer's Option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with 
this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option in respect of 
Materialised Covered Bonds, the notice to holders of such Materialised Covered Bonds 
shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject 
to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option in respect of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, 
either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Covered Bonds in a 
Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full 
some only of such Dematerialised Covered Bonds and, in such latter case, the choice 
between those Dematerialised Covered Bonds that will be fully redeemed and those 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in 
accordance with Article R.213-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated 
Market requirements.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(ii) 
So long as the Covered Bonds are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and 
the rules thereof so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption 
of the Covered Bonds, cause to be published either on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) or in a leading financial newspaper of general circulation in France, which is 
expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Covered 
Bonds outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, a list of any 
Materialised Covered Bonds drawn for redemption but not surrendered.  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Bondholders and Exercise of Bondholders' Options 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Bondholder, upon the Bondholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Bondholder 
must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice 
(the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business hours from any Paying Agent, 
within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, the Exercise Notice shall have 
attached to it the relevant Covered Bonds (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the Bondholder shall transfer, 
or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Covered Bonds to be redeemed to the account of the 
Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Covered Bond so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond, the amount upon redemption of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 
7(f) or (g) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall 
be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Covered 
Bond. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal amount 
of any such Covered Bond (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Covered Bond on the Final Maturity 
Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the amortisation yield (which, if none is 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Covered Bonds if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the "Amortisation Yield") 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Covered Bond upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(f) or 7(g) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Covered Bond as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Covered Bond becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be), in which case the amount due and payable shall 
be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Covered Bond on the Final 
Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds, 
or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 9(b) below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days' 
notice to the Bondholders, or, if applicable, Receiptholders or Couponholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 17, redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the Bondholders, or, if applicable, Receiptholders or Couponholders or, if 
applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 9(b) below, then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving 
not less than seven (7) days' prior notice to the Bondholders, or, if applicable, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in accordance with Condition 17, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons then outstanding 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, 
or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, provided that if such notice would expire after such 
Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Bondholders, or, 
if applicable, Receiptholders or Couponholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons and (ii) fourteen (14) 
days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, 
Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series shall be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives, in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 17 to the Bondholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), if the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately before 
the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered 
Bonds of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding 
any Borrower Advance made by it to the Borrower or to comply with any other of its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds of that Series, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the 
next such Interest Payment Date. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two (2) representatives of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Fiscal Agent 
shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Bondholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(g) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph 7(e) above together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Covered Bonds, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
(including by tender offer) at any price.  
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the Final Terms, Covered 
Bonds so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Covered Bonds, or cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7(i) below. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Covered Bonds which have been purchased for cancellation, will be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, by surrendering the 
relevant Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds in question, 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Covered 
Bonds redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled or annotated forthwith, as the case may be, (together 
with, in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, all rights relating to payment of interest and 
other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Covered Bonds and, in the case of Materialised 
Covered Bonds, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Covered Bonds so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Covered Bonds shall be discharged.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Bondholders and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated 
by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or 
Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the 
Specified Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the 
payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on, a Bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be any country in the Euro-Zone, and, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts and 
Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) 
of such Covered Bonds, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Covered Bond in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Covered Bond to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the Definitive Materialised Covered Bond to which they 
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond becomes due and 
payable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so 
paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the 
Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 11) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond is not an 
Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and 
including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender (if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Covered Bond. 
(iii) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Covered Bonds are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives but without prejudice to Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the Bondholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are set forth in the Agency Agreement. The Fiscal Agent, the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any Bondholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration 
Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration 
Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one 
or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified 
offices in at least one major European city (and ensuring the financial services of the Covered 
Bonds in France so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so 
long as the Covered Bonds are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in 
such other city where the Covered Bonds are listed and/or admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds, a Paying Agent having its specified office in a Member State of the 
EEA that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to any directive on the taxation of 
savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to, such 
directive (which may be any of the Paying Agents referred to in (iii) above), (v) in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market and/or other stock exchange 
on which the Covered Bonds may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Covered Bonds denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(e) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Covered Bond, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may 
have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(f) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, 
the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of all other Covered Bonds, on 
which Banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant 
Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is 
to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a Bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET 
Business Day. 
(g) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Covered Bond, 
Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes 
or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Bondholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Bondholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder who is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection 
with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Covered Bond, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
More than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it (or the Certificate representing it, as applicable) for 
payment on the thirtieth (30th) day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Covered 
Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
References in these Conditions to (A) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons, all Instalment Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised 
Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 
or any amendment or supplement to it, (B) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (C) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition. 
10. 
Events of Default 
Subject to the legal framework applicable to a société de financement de l'habitat, if an Issuer Event of 
Default occurs in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the Representative (i) may, at its discretion or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(ii) shall, if so directed by the Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer Event of Default is a Covered Bonds 
Cross Acceleration Event, upon written notice (an "Issuer Enforcement Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer (with copy to the Administrator and to the Rating Agency) given before all defaults have been 
cured, cause the principal amount of all Covered Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but 
subject to the relevant Priority Payment Order), together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the date 
on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Covered Bonds, Receipts 
and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
12. 
Representation of Bondholders 
(a) 
Full Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches 
in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse") and the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the 
Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, the provisions of this Condition 12(a). 
(i) 
Legal Personality  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through (a) a general meeting of the Bondholders 
(a "General Meeting") and/or (b) Written Resolutions (as defined below). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse  
The names and addresses of the initial Representative (as defined above) of the Masse and 
its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Covered Bonds will be the Representative of 
the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the initial 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate. In the event of death, 
retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate representative, an 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), 
the right of each Bondholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the 
entries in the books of the relevant Bondholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Commercial Code (Code 
de commerce), notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be

--- Page 86 ---
86 
published as provided under Condition 17 not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date 
of such General Meeting on first convocation, and 5 calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Bondholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce), by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Bondholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by 
Article R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved will be published 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 17.  
The place where a General Meeting shall be held will be set out in the notice convening 
such General Meeting 
(b) 
Contractual Masse 
If the Covered Bonds have a denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency or are issued outside France for the purpose of Article L.228-90 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the relevant Final Terms may specify "Contractual Masse" 
and the Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a Masse which will be subject to the provisions of this 
Condition 12(b) below. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-71, R.228-63, R. 228-65, R. 
228-67 and R.228-69 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and subject to the 
following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative and 
in part through (a) a General Meeting (as defined above) and/or (b) Written Resolutions (as 
defined below). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Bondholder, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
• 
the Issuer, the members of its board of directors (conseil d'administration), its chief 
executive officer (directeur général), its deputy chief executive officers (directeurs 
généraux délégués), its statutory auditors, its employees and their ascendants, 
descendants and spouses; or 
• 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), chief executive officer (directeur général), deputy chief 
executive officers (directeurs généraux délégués), members of their board of 
directors (conseil d'administration), executive board (Directoire) or supervisory 
board (conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors, their employees and their 
ascendants, descendants and spouses; or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
• 
companies holding directly ten per cent. (10%) or more of the share capital of the 
Issuer or companies having ten per cent. (10%) or more of their share capital held 
by the Issuer; or 
• 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing a company in whatever capacity. 
The Representative appointed in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds will be: 
DIIS Group 
12, rue Vivienne 
75002 Paris 
France 
Email address: rmo@diisgroup.com 
represented by Mr. Sylvain Thomazo. In the event of retirement, dissolution or revocation 
of appointment of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by the 
alternative representative.  
The alternative representative is, at the date hereof, DIIS Group, represented by Mrs. 
Sandrine d'Haussy. 
In the event of the death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
alternative representative, an alternative representative will be elected by the General 
Meeting. 
The Issuer shall pay to the Representative an amount of €1,500 (excluding tax) per year so 
long as any of the Covered Bonds is Outstanding. The alternative representative will only 
become entitled to the annual remuneration of €1,500 (excluding tax) if it exercises the 
duties of Representative on a permanent basis; such remuneration will accrue from the day 
on which it assumes such duties. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternative representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents.  
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the 
common interests of the holders of Covered Bonds. 
All legal proceedings against the holders of Covered Bonds or initiated by them, must be 
brought by or against the Representative except that, should safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) proceedings be commenced against the Issuer, Cailliau Dedouit et associés, 
acting as specific controller (the "Specific Controller") would file the proof of debt of all 
creditors (including the holders of the Covered Bonds) of the Issuer benefiting from the 
Privilège pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more holders of Covered Bonds, holding together at least one-
thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds Outstanding, may address to 
the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such 
General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the 
holders of Covered Bonds may commission one of their members to petition a competent 
court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 17 not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on first convocation, and 5 calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Bondholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce), by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Bondholders. Each Covered Bond carries the 
right to one vote or, in the case of Covered Bonds issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond. 
(v) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and the alternative representative and also may act with respect to any other 
matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future 
may accrue with respect to the Covered Bonds, including authorising the Representative to 
act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to 
rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase amounts payable by holders of 
Covered Bonds, nor establish any unequal treatment between the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if holders of Covered 
Bonds present or represented hold at least a fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds then Outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast by holders 
of Covered Bonds attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be published 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 17. 
(c) 
Written Resolutions  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), but in 
respect of any Series of Dematerialised Covered Bonds only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of 
the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Bondholders by way 
of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained 
in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
of the Bondholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(Code de commerce) approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Bondholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will 
be published as provided under Condition 17 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Resolution (the "Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by 
the Bondholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written 
Resolution. Bondholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date 
will undertake not to dispose of their Covered Bonds until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a "Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by the 
Bondholders of not less than 80 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds Outstanding. 
(d) 
Information to Bondholders 
Each holder of Covered Bonds or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen 
(15)-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, and, 
in the case of an adjourned General Meeting, five (5)-day period preceding the holding of such 
adjourned General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be 
proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of 
which will be available for inspection by the relevant holders of Covered Bonds at the registered 
office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
Except if "Full Masse" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses 
relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to the calling and holding of 
General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Bondholders. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Covered Bonds of the same Series, and the holders of Covered Bonds of any other 
Series which have been assimilated (assimilées) with the Covered Bonds of such first mentioned 
Series in accordance with Condition 16, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, 
be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche or Series 
of Covered Bonds will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
One Bondholder 
If and for so long as the Covered Bonds of any Series are held by a single Bondholder and unless 
a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Bondholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 12. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Bondholder and shall make them available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Covered Bonds of such Series. 
13. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Covered Bonds, a Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Bondholders, in accordance with Condition 17, in each case on payment by 
the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence,

--- Page 90 ---
90 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment 
or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Limited recourse, Non petition  
Limited recourse 
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will be automatically deemed to have agreed: 
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds and these Conditions against any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), deputy chief executive officer 
(directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any 
proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that 
any obligation of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions is a corporate 
obligation of the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall be attached to, or be incurred by any 
shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officer 
(directeur général), deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the 
Issuer, as such, or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or 
agreements of the Issuer contained in these Conditions or implied therefrom and, as a condition of 
and in consideration for the issuing by the Issuer of any Covered Bond, to waive any and all 
personal liability of every such shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), deputy chief executive officer 
(directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its 
obligations, covenants or agreements under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions; 
(b) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions to amounts 
payable or expressed to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations and 
liabilities under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the 
exclusion of any damage for breach of contract or other penalties not expressed as being payable 
by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions) and in accordance with the then 
applicable Priority Payment Order; 
(c) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its 
obligations and liabilities under the Covered Bonds and/or these Conditions shall be recoverable 
only from and to the extent of the amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or (as applicable) on the relevant Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds (provided that, in the 
event that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not be liable to make 
payment of the aforementioned amounts and, provided further that, in the event that the Available 
Funds at the relevant date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever due to it and all 
other claims ranking pari passu to its claims, then its claims against the Issuer shall be satisfied 
only up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds (as determined in accordance with the then 
applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after payment of such percentage, the obligations of the 
Issuer to it shall be discharged in full); 
(d) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), in the event of a conciliation (conciliation), safeguard 
(sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard (sauvegarde accélérée), judicial reorganisation (redressement

--- Page 91 ---
91 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the amounts due by the 
Issuer from time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered 
Bonds) and any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, 
including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all 
creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may 
exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; 
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L.513-11, of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Covered Bonds and the other debt benefiting from the 
Privilège shall not become due and payable as a result of the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer; and 
(f) 
that, in accordance with Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code 
de commerce) (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by 
the Issuer in application of the Programme Documents. 
Non-petition  
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will also be automatically deemed to have agreed 
that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one day after the latter of (i) the Final Maturity 
Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of the last Series issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and owing under the latest outstanding 
Covered Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, 
dissolution or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer or the opening of receivership 
proceedings or insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings (sauvegarde, redressement ou liquidation 
judiciaires) or any other similar proceedings in any relevant jurisdiction, for the Issuer or for any 
or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable 
to it under the Covered Bonds by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step to recover 
any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and subject to, 
the Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant Bondholder shall survive the payment of all sums owing under 
any Covered Bond and/or these Conditions.  
15. 
Priority Payment Orders 
Any and all sums due by the Issuer under the Programme (including principal and interest under the 
Covered Bonds) will be paid within the limit of the Available Funds of the Issuer at the time of such 
payment and according to the relevant Priority Payment Order described under section entitled "Cash 
Flow". As a consequence, the payment of certain sums will be subordinated to the full payment of other 
sums. Bondholders are deemed to have notice of the provisions of section entitled "Cash Flow". 
16. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Series of Covered Bonds or further Tranches of the same 
Series, which shall be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with such Series.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), 
may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after one or more Series of 
Covered Bonds has been redenominated in accordance with Condition 2(e) on giving not less than 
thirty (30) days prior notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17, without the 
consent of the Bondholders, Receipt holders or Coupon holders, consolidate the Covered Bonds 
of one Series denominated in Euro with the Covered Bonds of such redenominated Series, 
provided such two Series of Covered Bonds have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, identical terms and conditions. 
17. 
Notices  
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form (au nominatif) shall be 
valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, so 
long as such Covered Bonds are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any 
other stock exchange and the applicable rules of the relevant Regulated Market or stock exchange 
so require, notices shall be published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) and/or the stock exchange(s) on which such Covered Bonds 
is/are admitted to trading, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchanges(s), as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Covered Bonds and Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, so long as such Covered Bonds are listed 
and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any other stock exchange and the applicable 
rules of the relevant Regulated Market or stock exchange so require, notices shall be published in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) 
and/or the stock exchange(s) on which such Covered Bonds is/are admitted to trading, which in 
the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable 
rules of the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchanges(s), as the case may be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
clearing system through which the Covered Bonds are for the time being cleared in substitution 
for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 17(a) and (b), above; provided that so 
long as such Covered Bonds are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any 
other stock exchange and the applicable rules of that Regulated Market or stock exchange so 
require, notices shall also be published as otherwise required by the applicable rules of the relevant 
Regulated Market(s) or stock exchanges(s), as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so 
long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notices shall be 
published as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may 
be. Any notice given by publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication 
as provided above. Coupon holders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents

--- Page 93 ---
93 
of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Covered Bonds in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation and decisions of the General Meetings and to the Written 
Resolutions pursuant to Condition 12 or to any decision taken by the Issuer following a General 
Meeting or a Written Resolution shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Covered Bonds 
are for the time being cleared and on the website of My Money Group (or its successor or of the 
Issuer). 
(f) 
Notices to be given by any Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Covered Bonds in definitive form) with the relative Covered Bonds or Covered 
Bonds, with the Paying Agent (in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds). 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court in Paris. 
19. 
Subscription by the Issuer of Covered Bonds as eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Should the Issuer not be in a position to satisfy its treasury needs based on other means available to it, 
and as an exception to the principles set out in Article 1349 of the French Civil Code (Code civil) and 
Articles L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), pursuant to Article 
L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Issuer as société 
de financement de l'habitat (SFH) may subscribe to its own Covered Bonds (the "Auto-held Covered 
Bonds") for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible collateral for credit transactions with the Banque 
de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions determined by the later for the purpose of its 
monetary policy transactions and intra-day credit transactions. The Covered Bonds thus subscribed by the 
Issuer must meet the following conditions: 
(a) 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds do not exceed 10 per cent. of the resources benefiting from the 
statutory Privilège (created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) on the subscription date of the Auto-held Covered Bonds by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds do not benefit from the rights provided for by Articles L.228-46 to 
L.228-89 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as long as they are self-detained; 
(c) 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are granted as collateral to the Banque de France or, if not, are 
cancelled within eight (8) calendar days from the settlement date or from the date they are no more 
granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
(d) 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met and reports the same to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF COVERED BONDS WHICH ARE 
MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued 
in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Covered Bonds, which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date 
of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Covered Bonds that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as required under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) and any successor regulation issued under the HIRE Act as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
for Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds. 
While any Materialised Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in 
respect of such Materialised Covered Bonds prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the 
extent that the certification described in (b) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant 
Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon 
on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, CCF SFH 
(formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer") will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds. In this Base Prospectus, 
"Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged in accordance with the 
terms hereunder (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Covered Bonds, 
the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further Materialised 
Covered Bonds which are to be assimilated (assimilables) with such first mentioned Materialised Covered Bonds are

--- Page 95 ---
95 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 16, the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed 
to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after the issue date of such further Materialised Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds with an initial maturity of more than 365 days (and that are not relying on 
the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED 
STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) 
AND 1287 (a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
THE ISSUER  
General  
CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the "Issuer") is a limited liability company (société anonyme) 
organised under the laws of France. It is registered with the Trade and Companies Register (Registre du 
commerce et des sociétés) of Nanterre under number 480 034 917 (on-going transfer to the Trade and Companies 
Register (Registre du commerce et des sociétés) of Paris). 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 December 2004 for 99 years under the corporate name "Hervet 
Participations". On 20 June 2008, the general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer voted to change the 
corporate name to "HSBC Covered Bonds (France)", which was changed on 21 April 2011 with the adoption of 
the status of société de financement de l'habitat to become "HSBC SFH (France)". On 25 November 2021, HSBC 
Continental Europe, CCF Holding (formerly Promontoria MMB SAS) and CCF (formerly Banque des Caraïbes) 
entered into a framework agreement whereby HSBC Continental Europe will transfer, among other things, its 
full ownership interest in HSBC SFH (France) to CCF (the "Transfer"). This Transfer includes HSBC 
Continental Europe's French retail banking business and its 100 per cent. ownership interest in the Issuer and 
most of HSBC Continental Europe's rights and obligations under the covered bonds programme. Such Transfer 
has occurred on the Transfer Effective Date and consequently, the current legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer is "CCF SFH". 
The structure of the group to which the Issuer belongs since the Transfer Effective Date is shown below: 
  
On July 2008, the Issuer established a programme for the issue of contractual covered bonds. As a result of the 
Issuer's adoption of the status of société de financement de l'habitat on or prior the date hereof, such contractual 
covered bonds shall automatically benefit from the Privilège. 
The Issuer is governed by: 
(a) 
the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce); and 
(b) 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and in particular Articles L.513-
28 et seq. of such code. 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity, with separate legal capacity and existence, which was licensed by the 
French banking regulator (the Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d'investissement, an 
institution now merged into the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (the "ACPR")) as a credit

--- Page 97 ---
97 
institution (établissement de crédit) with the status of a financial company (société financière) and with limited 
and exclusive purpose by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution on 28 March 2011.  
Following the enactment of Law No. 2010-1249 dated 22 October 2010 on banking and financial regulation 
(the "SFH Law") and of Decree n°2011-205 dated 23 February 2011 establishing the new status of "société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH)" (as modified by Decree n°2014-1315 dated 3 November 2014), and in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 74 of the SFH Law, the Issuer has opted for the regime of société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH). On 28 March 2011, the Issuer was granted the status of société de financement 
de l'habitat (SFH) by the ACPR. It shall be noted that following the transposition of the Directive n° 2013/36/EU 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, as amended (Directive CRD IV) by the ordonnance n°2013-544 dated 27 June 2013, the 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat have the status of specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit 
specialisés) since 1st January 2014 and is under supervision of the ACPR and the European Central Bank (ECB). 
The Issuer is governed by the SFH Legal Framework as described below (see section entitled "The SFH Legal 
Framework"). 
The Issuer's exclusive corporate purpose set out in Article 2 of the Issuer's by-laws (statuts) is to finance home 
loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold financial assets which are eligible under the SFH Legal Framework.  
Therefore, in compliance with its license as société de financement de l'habitat but subject to the limitations set 
forth in its by-laws (statuts), the Issuer may: 
(a) 
grant or finance home loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold eligible securities and instruments;  
(b) 
grant to any credit institutions (including CCF) loans guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the 
pledge of the receivables arising from home loans;  
(c) 
acquire promissory notes issued by credit institutions which represent receivables arising from home 
loans; 
(d) 
issue obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and raise other sources of 
financing which benefit from the Privilège in order to finance these assets;  
(e) 
issue ordinary bonds or raise other sources of financing which do not benefit from the Privilège, including 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) which represent receivables arising from home loans; 
(f) 
carry out temporary transfers of securities, pledge a securities account and pledge or transfer all or part 
of the receivables held by it in accordance with the applicable provisions of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The receivables or securities thus transferred or pledged 
are not included in the cover pool defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) (assiette du Privilège) and are not taken into account for the calculation of 
the Legal Cover Ratio;  
(g) 
in order to hedge its interest and currency risks on loans, exposures, obligations de financement de 
l'habitat and other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège, or to manage or hedge the global 
risk on its assets, liabilities and off balance sheet, exposures, use derivative instruments as defined in 
Article L.211-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Any amounts 
due by the Issuer pursuant to these financial instruments, after applicable netting, benefit from the 
Privilège. 
The Issuer may not hold equity participations or other forms of equity interest issued by other companies. 
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 103, rue de Grenelle, 75007 Paris, 
France. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is: 01 58 13 30 25. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, 100 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital is held by CCF.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
At 30 June 2023, the nominal amount of the covered bonds ("dettes representées par un titre") issued by the 
Issuer amounted to €4,750,000,000. Such covered bonds are scheduled to mature no later than 7 September 2032. 
Issuer's Activities  
The sole activity of the Issuer is to issue Covered Bonds from time to time that benefit from the Privilège, as 
described in this Base Prospectus, and to use the proceeds thereof to fund advances (each, a "Borrower 
Advance"), as lender (in such capacity the "Lender"), to CCF as borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower") 
under an amended and restated credit facility agreement (the "Borrower Facility Agreement"). See section 
entitled "The Borrower and the Borrower Facility Agreement". 
Special purpose entity and restrictions on object and powers 
The Issuer's objects and powers are restricted to those activities necessary to carry out its obligations under the 
Programme Documents.  
The Issuer does not have and will not have any employees, nor will it own or lease any premises. The 
management of its operations is, and will be, entrusted to another credit institution or credit institutions in 
accordance with the provisions of Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier). On or about the Transfer Effective Date, the management of the administrative operations of the 
Issuer is carried out by CCF in its capacity as Administrator in accordance with the Administrative Agreement 
and the risk management of the Issuer is carried out by the relevant departments of CCF in accordance with the 
provisions of the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens entered into between the 
Issuer and CCF. The Issuer will undertake pursuant to the Administrative Agreement and its by-laws (statuts) 
not to engage in unrelated business activities or incur any material liabilities other than those contemplated in 
the Programme Documents.  
Limitations on indebtedness 
Pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer is restricted from incurring additional indebtedness (other than as 
contemplated by the Programme Documents) unless: 
(a) 
such indebtedness is fully subordinated to any amounts (whether privileged or not privileged) incurred in 
relation to Covered Bonds; or  
(b) 
prior Rating Affirmation has been delivered in relation to such indebtedness.  
Limited recourse 
Each party to any Programme Document will agree:  
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under any Programme 
Document against any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief 
executive officer (directeur général), deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) or agent 
of the Issuer, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or 
otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that any obligation of the Issuer under any 
Programme Document is a corporate obligation of the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall be 
attached to, or be incurred by any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), deputy chief executive officer (directeur 
général délégué) or agent of the Issuer, as such, or any of them under or by reason of any of the 
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in any Programme Document or implied 
therein and to waive any and all personal liability of every such shareholder, member of the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), deputy chief executive 
officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its 
obligations, covenants or agreements under any Programme Document;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(b) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under any Programme Document to amounts payable or expressed 
to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations and liabilities under any 
Programme Document (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the exclusion of any damage for breach of 
contract or other penalties not expressed as being payable by the Issuer under any Programme Document) 
and in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order; and 
(c) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations 
and liabilities under any Programme Document shall be recoverable only from and to the extent of the 
amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant Payment Date (provided that, in the event 
that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not be liable to make payment of the 
aforementioned amounts and provided further that in the event that the Available Funds at the relevant 
date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever due under any claim of any party under any 
Programme Document and all other claims ranking pari passu to any such claim, then the claim of such 
party against the Issuer shall satisfied only up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds (as 
determined in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after payment of such 
percentage, the obligations of the Issuer to such party shall be discharged in full; 
(d) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), in the event of a conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), 
accelerated safeguard (sauvegarde accélérée), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time 
under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) and any other resources 
or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all 
other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in 
full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer;  
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), the Covered Bonds and the other debt benefiting from the Privilège shall 
not become due and payable as a result of the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer; and 
(f) 
that, in accordance with Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
(nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by the Issuer in application 
of the Programme Documents. 
Non-petition  
Each party to any Programme Document will also agree that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and 
one day after the latter of (i) the Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of 
the last Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding 
and owing under the latest outstanding Covered Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, dissolution or 
organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, 
liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer or the opening of receivership proceedings or 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings (sauvegarde, redressement ou liquidation judiciaires) or any other 
similar proceedings in any relevant jurisdiction, for the Issuer or for any or all of the Issuer's revenues 
and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable to it 
under any Programme Document by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step to recover any 
debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Conditions.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
The above undertakings by each relevant party survive the termination of any Programme Document and the 
payment of all sums owing under any such Programme Document. 
No risk of Issuer consolidation upon insolvency of any Affiliate 
The Issuer is a ring-fenced, bankruptcy remote entity. Pursuant to the provisions of Article L.513-20 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the safeguard procedure, the accelerated safeguard 
procedure, judicial reorganisation or liquidation (procédure de sauvegarde, de sauvegarde accélérée, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of CCF, in its capacity as shareholder of the Issuer, will not be 
extended to the Issuer.  
The SFH Legal Framework  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to the Issuer as société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH) mainly results from the following provisions (as they may be amended from time 
to time) (the "SFH Legal Framework"): 
(a) 
Articles L.513-26-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);  
(b) 
Articles R.513-1-A et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(c) 
regulation (règlement) No. 99-10 of 9 July 1999 issued by the Comité de la Règlementation Bancaire et 
Financière (the "CRBF Regulation"); and 
(d) 
the various instructions of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution applicable to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat. 
The amendments to the above-mentioned legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat have recently been made by: 
- 
decree-law (ordonnance) No. 2021-858 of 30 June 2021 transposing directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision (the "Covered Bond Directive"); 
- 
decree (décret) No. 2021-898 of 6 July 2021 transposing the Covered Bond Directive; 
- 
decrees (décrets) No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 and No. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023 
completing the transposition of the Covered Bond Directive; 
- 
ministerial decrees (arrêtés) of 7 July 2021 and 1 December 2022 amending the CRBF Regulation; 
- 
instruction No. 2022-I-03 of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution on the coverage ratio 
of sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat and the regulatory statements 
mentioned in article 10 of the CRBF Regulation; 
- 
instruction No. 2022-I-04 of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution on the publication by 
sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat of information related to the quality 
of the assets financed and respectively, their outstanding obligations foncières and obligations de 
financement de l'habitat; and 
- 
instruction No. 2022-I-23 of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution on the information to 
be provided to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution by sociétés de crédit foncier and 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat in the context of the granting of the "European Covered Bond" and 
"European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels replacing instruction No. 2022-I-05 of the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the SFH Legal Framework, a société de financement de l'habitat may only:  
(a) 
grant loans to any credit institution provided that such loans are guaranteed by the collateralisation 
(remise), the assignment (cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of Home Loans receivables (créances de 
prêts à l'habitat) (as defined below), pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.211-
36 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), regardless of their professional nature; 
(b) 
subscribe for promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by any credit institution, pursuant to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which, as an exception to Article L.313-42 of such code, are 
issued in order to refinance Home Loans receivables (créances de prêts à l'habitat) (as defined below);  
(c) 
grant Home Loans (as defined below); and 
(d) 
issue obligations de financement de l'habitat (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the 
Privilège) in order to finance these assets and issue ordinary bonds or raise other sources of financing 
which do not benefit from the Privilège, including by issuing certain promissory notes (billets à ordre). 
The Home Loans which may be granted or financed by a société de financement de l'habitat are: 
(a) 
aiming at financing, in whole or in part, residential real property located in France or another European 
Union Member State or an EEA Member State or a State benefiting from the highest level of credit 
assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); and 
(b) 
guaranteed by (x) a first-ranking mortgage or a charge over real property which provides a guarantee at 
least equivalent (garantie au moins équivalente) or (y) a guarantee (cautionnement) granted by a credit 
institution (établissement de crédit), a financing company (société de financement) or an insurance 
company (entreprise d'assurance) benefiting from the second level of credit assessment (deuxième 
échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier). 
In addition, according to Articles L.513-7, R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), a société de financement de l'habitat may also hold securities, exposures and 
deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid, whose debtors are credit institutions (établissements de crédit), 
investment firms (entreprises d'investissement) or asset management companies (sociétés de gestion de 
portefeuille) with the second credit quality level (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external 
rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution pursuant to Article L.511-44 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); the exposures on credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit) with best credit quality level (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) shall not exceed 
fifteen per cent. (15%) of the total amount of the liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat which 
benefit from the Privilège and the exposures on credit institutions (établissements de crédit) with second credit 
quality level (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) shall not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of such total amount 
of liabilities. 
Finally, a société de financement de l'habitat may acquire and own any movable or immovable property which 
is necessary for the accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from recovery of the receivables 
it holds. 
See also section entitled "The Issuer" – "Issuer's Activities".

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Legal Cover Ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), a société de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio between its eligible assets 
(including sums receivable as a result of forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège) and its 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège of at least 105% (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring" – "The 
Minimum Legal Cover Ratio"). 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must submit their Legal Cover Ratio on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September 
and 31 December of each year to the Autorité de contrôle prudential et de résolution. The Legal Cover Ratios as 
of (x) 30 June 2023 and (y) 30 September 2023, certified by the Specific Controller, were respectively equal to 
132% and 129%. 
Liquidity needs 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), sociétés de financement de l'habitat must ensure, at all times, the coverage of their cash requirements 
for the next one hundred and eighty (180) days, by acquiring liquid assets and short-term exposures to credit 
institutions complying with the provisions of Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial (Code 
monétaire et financier). 
Privilège 
The obligations de financement de l'habitat issued by sociétés de financement de l'habitat, together with the 
other resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the public (provided for in 
regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation")) or any equivalent document required for the admission to trading on foreign 
regulated markets which mentions the Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from derivative transactions relating 
to the hedging of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged debts in accordance with Article 
L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) benefit from the Privilège 
set out under Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions included in book VI of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the prevention and conciliation of business difficulties 
and to the judicial administration and liquidation of companies: 
(i) 
the sums resulting from loans, or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities eligible to the assets 
of a société de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of Articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), (and deposits (dépôts)), including 
any mortgage, guarantee or indemnity relating to these assets, and forward financial instruments referred 
to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as the 
case may be, after any applicable netting), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by a 
société de financement de l'habitat (i.e. the issuer of obligations de financement de l'habitat, such as the 
Issuer) with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of the 
obligations de financement de l'habitat issued by the Issuer and any other resources raised by the Issuer 
and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
when a société de financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, judicial 
reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de 
liquidation judiciaires) or to resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the amounts arisen regularly (nées 
régulièrement) from the operations referred to in Article L.513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other

--- Page 103 ---
103 
debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their 
duration; 
(iii) 
until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the société de 
financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of such société 
de financement de l'habitat, either in principal or interest; 
(iv) 
the safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or the resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article 
L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer 
will not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the 
Covered Bonds and other debts benefiting from the Privilège; and 
(v) 
the rules set out in (i) and (ii) above also apply to the fees related to the transactions mentioned in 1 and 
2 of I of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
(including, respectively, the granting of the Borrower Advances and the issue of the Covered Bonds) and 
to sums due, as the case may be, under the contract provided for by Article L.513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Non privileged debts 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may also raise other resources which do not benefit from such Privilège. 
Such other resources include: 
(i) 
loans or resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the public (provided 
for in the Prospectus Regulation and within the meaning of Article L.412-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) or any equivalent document required for the admission to 
trading on foreign regulated markets does not mention the Privilège; 
(ii) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
which, as an exception to Article L.313-42 of the said code, are issued in order to refinance Home Loans 
receivables (créances de prêts à l'habitat); 
(iii) 
temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), pledge of a securities account as defined in 
Article L.211-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and transfer 
of all or part of its receivables in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 or in accordance with 
Articles L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
regardless of their nature, professional or otherwise. The receivables and securities so refinanced are not 
taken into account for the purpose of determining the cover ratio of the resources benefiting from the 
Privilège. 
Hedging 
A société de financement de l'habitat may enter into forward financial instruments to hedge its interests and 
currency risk on the loans and exposures referred to in Articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), on the obligations de financement de l'habitat and other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège. Any amounts payable pursuant to these forward financial instruments, 
after the applicable set-off as the case may be, benefit from the Privilège of Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), unless such forward financial instruments were not 
concluded by the Issuer to hedge items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, 
liabilities and off-balance sheet items in accordance with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Insolvency derogating regime 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) precludes the 
extension of any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the société de financement de l'habitat's 
shareholders to the société de financement de l'habitat. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) provides for a regime which derogates 
in many ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, in the event of 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of a société de financement de l'habitat, all claims benefiting from the Privilège, including 
interest thereon, must be paid on their due dates and in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or 
statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of all such preferred claims, no other creditors may take any action 
against the assets of the société de financement de l'habitat. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), allowing an administrative 
receiver to render certain transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void 
are not applicable for agreements or acts entered into by a société de financement de l'habitat, provided that such 
agreements or acts are directly made in accordance with their exclusive legal purpose (Articles L.513-28 to 
L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) and without fraud.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in case 
of the opening of any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and 
servicer of the assets and liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat, the recovery, management and 
servicing contract may be immediately terminated by the société de financement de l'habitat notwithstanding 
any legal provisions to the contrary. 
Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de financement de l'habitat as 
eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a société 
de financement de l'habitat may subscribe to its own obligations de financement de l'habitat, by derogation to 
the provisions of Articles 1349 of the French Civil Code (Code civil), L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce), for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible collateral with the 
Banque de France and procedures set by it. Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The obligations de financement 
de l'habitat thus subscribed by the société de financement de l'habitat must meet the following conditions: 
- 
their maximum principal amount does not exceed 10 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of any liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat benefiting from the Privilège on the 
subscription date of the obligations de financement de l'habitat by the société de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) for so long as they are held by the société de financement de 
l'habitat; 
- 
they are granted as collateral to the Banque de France failing which they will be cancelled within eight 
(8) days.  
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the ACPR.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Extendable maturity structure 
The possibility for sociétés de financement de l'habitat to issue obligations de financement de l'habitat with 
extendable maturity structures has been more explicitly affirmed by a decree-law (ordonnance) No. 2021-858 
dated 30 June 2021, a decree (décret) No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, a decree (décret) No. 2022-766 dated 
2 May 2022 and a decree (décret) No. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023. 
In accordance with Article L.513-30 and Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), a société de financement de l'habitat may issue obligations de financement de l'habitat 
with extendable maturity structures, provided that (i) the final maturity date of such obligations de financement 
de l'habitat may be determined at any time, (ii) the relevant maturity extension trigger event (or at least one of 
the relevant maturity extension trigger events) is (are) mentioned in Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and (iii) the contractual terms and conditions of such 
obligations de financement de l'habitat specify the relevant maturity extension trigger event(s). 
In the event of insolvency or resolution of the credit institution issuing the obligations de financement de l'habitat 
or in the case the Issuer is subject to safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or to resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
extensions of maturity shall not affect the ranking of investors in the obligations de financement de l'habitat or 
reverse the order of the initial maturity schedule of the obligations de financement de l'habitat. 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L.513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a 
société de financement de l'habitat may use: 
(i) 
the label "European Covered Bond" for the issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-33 
and R.513-19 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
and 
(ii) 
the label "European Covered Bond (Premium)" for the issuance of obligations de financement de 
l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-
28 to L.513-33 and R.513-19 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) and the provisions of Article 129 of the Capital Requirements Regulation. 
A société de financement de l'habitat may apply to one of the above-mentioned labels and then, provided it is 
eligible, decide whether or not to comply with.  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is responsible for the granting and supervision of both 
"European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. In particular, the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution publishes the lists of obligations de financement de l'habitat that are entitled 
to use the labels "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)".  
With regard to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L.513-32 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) 
verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of the Capital Requirements Regulation are complied with. 
The Issuer was granted with the European Covered Bonds (Premium) Label by the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution in July 2022. However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Covered 
Bonds to be issued will actually be and remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label 
until their maturity.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Issuer Risk Management  
The Issuer having no employees and own resources, it has entered into a Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise 
à Disposition de Moyens with CCF, setting out the conditions under which CCF shall provide, or cause to 
provide, services for the fulfilment of the regulatory obligations of the Issuer in its capacity as specialised credit 
institution subject to the laws and regulations governing société de financement de l'habitat, in accordance with 
the order (arrêté) dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of banking sector companies, payment 
services and investment services subject to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution supervision, which 
replaced the Règlement 97-02 of the French Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière. 
The outsourced activities include in particular the accounting supervision (including regulatory reporting), the 
legal, tax, corporate and administrative assistance, the risks control, the permanent control (including compliance 
and fight against money laundering) and the periodic control. 
Issuer Financial Elements 
The financial year of the Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. The annual and semestrial results of the 
Issuer incorporated by reference herein are non-consolidated accounts. The Issuer does not have subsidiaries and 
does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
Comparative Financial Data (in euros) 
 
30/06/2023 
(limited review) 
31/12/2022 
(audited) 
30/06/20
22 
(limited 
review) 
31/12/20
21 
(audited
) 
Income Statement 
 
Net operating 
income 
1,911,000 
1,489,199 
587,463 
1,551,71
9 
Gross operating 
income 
868,357 
-675,342 
-957,425 
-283,794 
Net income 
558,663 
-579,943 
-843,135 
-470,694 
Balance Sheet 
 
Total balance sheet 
6,105,221,679 
4,894,652,786 
4,387,51
1,824 
3,777,69
5,946 
Equity attributable 
to the owners of the 
parent (excluding 
FRBG) 
113,732,776 
113,174,113 
112,910,
919 
113,754,
056 
Debt represented 
by a security 
4,781,921,439 
4,779,724,315 
4,271,28
7,671 
3,261,77
0,548 
 
As of 30 June 2023, the balance sheet presents a total of 6,105,221,679 euros. As of 31 December 2022, the 
balance sheet presents a total of 4,894,652,786 euros, as a reminder the total balance sheet as of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
31 December 2021 was of 3,777,695,946 euros. The balance sheet has increased over the year mainly due to 
three new issues of covered bonds in March, June and September 2022, less the redemption of an existing series 
of covered bonds in March 2022. 
As of 30 June 2023, the net income presents a total of 558,663 euros. As of 31 December 2022, the net income 
presents a total of -579,943 euros, as a reminder the net income as of 31 December 2021 was of -470,694 euros. 
The decrease of the net income is mainly due to the reduction in net operating income and the increase of the 
Issuer's general operating expenses. 
Prudential ratios  
The Issuer's prudential ratios are assessed at the Issuer level. 
Cash flow statements (fiscal years 2022 and 2021 audited) 
The cash flow statement analyses changes in cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and 
financing activities between two financial periods. 
It is prepared using the indirect method. Net income for the period is restated for non-monetary items: 
• 
depreciation allowances for tangible and intangible assets, net depreciation, net provisions, other 
transactions without cash payments such as expenses payable and accrued income, and corporate tax due 
on the following financial period; 
• 
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities are determined by the difference between 
the items in the annual financial statements for the previous year and for the current year. 
Operating activities include lending to CCF of resources from financial activities. 
Investment activities correspond to the acquisition of investment notes, subscription of term deposits, and 
coupons and interest amounts of such investments. 
Financing activities correspond to the issue of shares, and the issue or reimbursement of unsubordinated long-
term loans, and the issue of covered bonds. 
Cash flow is defined according to the standards of the CNC. It includes cash on hand and demand deposits at the 
Banque de France, in post office accounts and with banks.

--- Page 108 ---
108

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Issuer Share capital and Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings 
Share capital  
On or about the Programme Date, the Issuer's issued share capital is €113,250,000, made up of 7,550,000 
ordinary shares with a par value of €15 each (the "Issuer Share Capital"). 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, 100 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital is held by CCF. 
The share capital may be increased or decreased in accordance with legal provisions. New shares can be 
issued either at par value or at a premium. 
A capital increase can only be approved by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, on the basis 
of a report by the board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders can delegate the necessary powers to the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration) to increase the share capital on one or more occasions, to establish the 
terms of the increase, to certify that such terms have been carried out and to amend the Issuer's by-laws 
(statuts) accordingly. 
A reduction in capital can be decided by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which may 
delegate to the board of directors (conseil d'administration) all the necessary powers to carry out such a 
reduction. 
Letter of Undertakings  
As the majority shareholder of the Issuer and pursuant to a letter of undertakings (the "Letter of 
Undertakings"), CCF undertakes, except in the context of and/or following completion of the Transfer, in 
favour of the Bondholders of all Series to be issued following the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
not to take, or participate in, any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the 
voluntary winding-up, dissolution or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other action, step or 
proceeding provided in Book VI (Livre 6 – Des difficultés des Entreprises) of the French Code de 
commerce in relation to the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets;  
(b) 
not to take, or participate in, any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the 
voluntary appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, 
examiner, sequestrator or similar officer with respect to the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's 
revenues and assets;  
(c) 
not to permit any amendments to the Programme Documents other than as expressly permitted or 
contemplated under the Programme Documents; 
(d) 
not to create or permit to subsist any encumbrance over the whole or any part of the shares of the 
Issuer it owns; 
(e) 
not to sell, transfer, lease out or otherwise dispose of, by one or more transactions or series of 
transactions (whether or not related), whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the whole or any part 
of the shares of the Issuer it owns; and 
(f) 
to take any necessary steps, which are available to it as shareholder, to remain majority shareholder 
of the Issuer. 
In addition, as the head of the tax group of the Issuer and pursuant to the Letter of Undertakings, CCF 
Holding (formerly Promontoria MMB SAS) undertakes in favour of the Bondholders, represented by their 
respective Representative to ensure that the Issuer will be included, as soon as practicable, and maintained 
within a tax group formed under the régime d'intégration fiscale provided by article 223 A et seq. of the 
French Tax Code, and that no adverse amendment to the rights of the Issuer under any such tax group will 
be made without prior information to the Rating Agency.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Issuer Management bodies 
The chairman, the chief executive officer and the deputy chief executive officer 
Fady Wakil, Chief Executive Officer (directeur général) and Bertrand Robequain, Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer (directeur général délégué) are responsible for the conduct of the Issuer's activities vis-à-vis the 
ACPR in accordance with Article L.511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier).  
Fady Wakil and Bertrand Robequain have been respectively appointed as Chief Executive Officer (directeur 
général) and Deputy Chief Executive Officer (directeur général délégué) on 1st January 2024. In 
accordance with French applicable corporate laws, the Chief Executive Officer (directeur général) and the 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer (directeur général délégué) represent the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties. 
The chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) of the Issuer ensures the 
efficient functioning of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. 
Board of directors (conseil d'administration)  
The board of directors of the Issuer consists of a minimum of three (3) members and a maximum of eighteen 
(18) members. The term of office is three (3) years.  
The board of directors of the Issuer is composed of three (3) members: 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the board 
of directors, the chief executive officer, the deputy chief executive officer, their private interests and any 
other duties. 
Issuer Statutory Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are: 
(a) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers 92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex, France; and 
(b) 
BDO Paris, 43-47, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75116 Paris, France. 
Names 
Date of 
appointment 
Business Address 
Function for the 
Issuer 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Thomas Vandeville 
1st January 2024 
103, rue de Grenelle – 
75007 Paris 
Chairman of the board 
of directors (président 
du 
conseil 
d'administration) and 
member of the board 
of 
directors 
(administrateur) 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer 
and 
Senior 
Manager of CCF 
Matthieu Flichy 
1st January 2024 
Tour Europlaza – 20, 
avenue André Prothin – 
92063 Paris La Défense 
Cedex 
Member of the board 
of 
directors 
(administrateur) 
Group Chief Investment 
Officer of My Money 
Bank 
Agnieska Bojarska 
1st January 2024 
103, rue de Grenelle – 
75007 Paris 
Member of the board 
of 
directors 
(administrateur) 
Head of Lending of CCF

--- Page 111 ---
111 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes (official statutory auditors' representative body). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de Villiers 92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex, France, (duly authorised 
as Commissaire aux comptes) and BDO Paris, 43-47, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75116 Paris, France, 
(duly authorised as Commissaire aux comptes) have been appointed as Commissaires aux comptes of the 
Issuer (the "Statutory Auditors") respectively as from 2 March 2015 and as from 20 June 2008. The 
Statutory Auditors have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and issued a 
limited review report on the interim financial information of the Issuer for the period ended 30 June 2023. 
External Supervision and oversight of the Issuer 
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) 
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) and a société de financement de 
l'habitat the Issuer is supervised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, an independent 
supervisory and control authority of banking and insurance activities in France, integrated within the 
framework of the Banque de France. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is notably 
composed of the Governor of the Banque de France and various experts chosen for their expertise in 
banking and financial matters and is responsible for monitoring observance of the laws and regulations 
applicable to credit institutions as well as the soundness of their financial position.  
The Issuer is subject to off-site monitoring and on-site inspections by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution. Off-site monitoring by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution consists of the 
examination of the Issuer's prudential and accounting records as well as regular contacts with the Issuer's 
board of directors and statutory auditors. The Issuer is required to submit to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution an annual report on internal control procedures and the assessment and 
supervision of risk procedures and bi-annual reports setting forth its Legal Cover Ratio (pursuant to its 
status as a société de financement de l'habitat). In addition, statutory auditors are required to advise the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of any fact or decision that may constitute a breach of 
existing regulations and that is likely to have a significant effect on the financial situation, the profits or the 
asset composition of the Issuer or cause the statutory auditors to issue a qualified or adverse opinion. 
Through on-site inspections, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ascertains that the 
information disclosed by the Issuer accurately reflects its financial condition. The Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution may decide to make a recommendation, issue an injunction or institute 
disciplinary proceedings if it determines that the Issuer has contravened a law or regulation relating to its 
activity as a société de financement de l'habitat. 
The Specific Controller 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) a Specific Controller (Contrôleur spécifique), and a Substitute Specific 
Controller (Contrôleur Spécifique Suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are 
appointed by the board of directors of the Issuer with the approval of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution. 
The Specific Controller ensures that the Issuer complies with the SFH Legal Framework (in particular, 
verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets the Legal Cover Ratio). He also monitors the balance 
between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow adequacy) and notifies 
the board of directors (conseil d'administration), the chief executive officer (directeur général), deputy 
chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) of the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution if he considers such balance to be unsatisfactory.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
The Specific Controller carries out various audits in cooperation with the Issuer's statutory auditors and is 
completely independent of the Issuer. In particular, the Specific Controller must control the valuation 
procedures of the real estate properties securing the Home Loan Receivables that are granted as Borrower 
Collateral Security. 
For the performance of its duties, the Specific Controller has access to all information from management, 
internal control data, and internal audit data. The Specific Controller is entitled to undertake, at any time, 
any necessary control of the Issuer that it deems appropriate and to review the Issuer's books and records. 
In addition, the Specific Controller is entitled to request information from third parties who have entered 
into transactions on behalf of the Issuer. It may request copies of relevant agreements and documents from 
any credit institution entrusted with the management or the recovery of loans, bonds or other sources of 
financing of the Issuer pursuant to Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) and copies of the home loan agreements, mortgage registration certificates and any 
other documents relating to the Home Loan Receivables that are granted as Borrower Collateral Security it 
may consider relevant in order to carry out its duties. 
The Specific Controller certifies, on a quarterly basis, compliance with legal and regulatory standards 
concerning the Legal Cover Ratio in connection with the issuance programme of the Issuer and for any 
issue of resources of more than €500 million which benefit from the Privilège. The Specific Controller's 
certificate relating to the quarterly issuance Programme and, if any, the Specific Controller's certificate 
relating to the issue of Covered Bonds the amount of which equals or exceeds €500 million will be attached 
to the relevant Final Terms. 
Additionally, the Specific Controller certifies that documents the Issuer sends to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution meet legal and regulatory requirements. The Specific Controller submits an 
annual report on its activity to the board of directors of the Issuer, and a copy is forwarded to the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution.  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution can require information relating to the activity and the 
financial situation of the Issuer from the Specific Controller. The Specific Controller is required to disclose 
to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution any decision taken by the société de financement de 
l'habitat or its parent company, which constitute a violation of legal provisions and affect its financial 
situation, the continuity of the company or the certification of accounts. The Specific Controller is also 
required to advise the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of any fact or decision that could 
jeopardize the situation of the société de financement de l'habitat as a going concern. 
The Specific Controller cannot conduct any activities that could undermine its independence and take, 
receive or retain any interest in the Issuer or CCF. The Specific Controller is prevented from providing 
services exceeding the scope of its control to the Issuer or to CCF.  
The Specific Controller is liable for any error or negligence committed in the exercise of its functions. 
Managers may be sanctioned if the Specific Controller is not appointed, not invited to attend shareholders' 
meetings, prevented from conducting its control or not provided with useful documents that he has 
requested. 
The Specific Controller attends all meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer and, on his request, may be 
heard by the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. 
On or about the Programme Date:  
(a) 
the Specific Controller of the Issuer is M. Laurent Brun, partner (associé) at Cailliau Dedouit et 
Associés, 19, rue Clément Marot, 75008 Paris, France; and 
(b) 
the Substitute Controller of the Issuer is M. Rémi Savournin 19, rue Clément Marot 75008 Paris 
France.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
The Administrative Agreement  
This section sets out the main material terms of the Administrative Agreement. 
Background 
The "Administrative Agreement" refers to the amended and restated agreement dated on or about the 
Transfer Effective Date and entered into between the Issuer and CCF, as Administrator (the 
"Administrator"). 
Purpose 
Under the Administrative Agreement, the Issuer appoints CCF as its servicer for the rendering of 
administrative services to the Issuer (including all necessary advice, assistance and know-how, whether 
technical or not, day to day management and corporate administration services). The Administrator will 
always act in the best and exclusive interest of the Issuer. 
Administrator's duties 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator will inter alia:  
(a) 
advise and assist the Issuer in all accounting and tax matters; 
(b) 
advise and assist the Issuer in all legal and administrative matters; 
(c) 
ensure that the Issuer will exercise each of its rights and perform each of its obligations under the 
Programme Documents; 
(d) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, to 
exercise and perform all of its rights and obligations under the Programme Documents; 
(e) 
assist the Issuer in operating its bank accounts, the management and investment of its available cash 
in Permitted Investments in accordance with the relevant Permitted Investments rules, and any other 
matters in relation to the management of its bank accounts and funds so as to ensure that the Issuer 
will at all times comply with the provisions of the Programme Documents; 
(f) 
act as custodian of any and all other documents that any corporate company similar to the Issuer 
shall keep on file under any applicable laws, until the Service Termination Date, as defined below; 
(g) 
until no Borrower Event of Default has occurred, perform the management and servicing of the 
Borrower Advances made available to the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement; 
(h) 
upon a Borrower Enforcement Notice being served under the Borrower Facility Agreement, assist 
the Issuer within the enforcement process of the Borrower Collateral Security; 
(i) 
upon enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security following the occurrence of a Borrower Event 
of Default and upon the Issuer taking definitive title to the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, 
perform the servicing of such assets, or if the servicing of such assets is transferred to a substitute 
servicer, procure that the servicing of such assets shall be performed by such substitute servicer 
pursuant to a servicing agreement to be entered into by the Issuer and such substitute servicer in 
accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), and promptly notify the debtors for the direct payment to the Issuer of the amounts due 
under the relevant Home Loan Receivables;  
(j) 
perform the management and servicing of the Covered Bonds and of the other resources of the Issuer 
mentioned in Article L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier); and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(k) 
upon cancellation of any Auto-held Covered Bond by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, notify such cancellation to the Rating Agency in 
accordance with the Administrative Agreement. 
For the purpose of investment by the Administrator of the Issuer's available cash in Permitted Investments 
as mentioned in paragraph (e) above, "Permitted Investments" shall mean: 
(a) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and 
short term debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in such investments have a 
remaining maturity date of sixty (60) days or less and mature on or before the next following 
Payment Date and are being rated at least A-1 (short term) or A (long term) by the Rating Agency; 
and 
(b) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and 
debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in such investments have a remaining 
maturity date of three hundred and sixty five (365) days or less and are being rated A-1+ (short term) 
or at least AA- (long term) by the Rating Agency. 
Administrator's duties regarding the refinancing of the Transferred Assets 
After title to the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral Security and the related Home 
Loan Security has been definitively transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the Borrower Collateral 
Security (the "Transferred Assets"), the Administrator will organise the sale or refinancing by the Issuer 
of such Home Loan Receivables and related Home Loan Security in order for the Issuer to receive sufficient 
Available Funds to make payments when due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (after taking into 
account all payments to be made in priority thereto according to the relevant Priority Payment Order and 
the relevant payment dates and Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) 
under each relevant Series of Covered Bonds). 
The Administrator shall ensure that Transferred Assets offered for sale by the Issuer to potential buyers are 
sold for the best price reasonably available.  
For the purpose hereof, the Administrator may through a tender process select a portfolio manager of 
recognised standing which shall be appointed by the Issuer to advise it in relation to the sale or refinancing 
of the Transferred Assets. This portfolio manager can be appointed by the Issuer on terms intended to incite 
the portfolio manager to achieve the best price for the sale or refinancing of the Transferred Assets (if such 
terms are commercially available in the market). 
In respect of any sale or refinancing of the Selected Assets, the Administrator shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to procure that the same are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in accordance, as the 
case may be, with the recommendations of the portfolio manager), taking into account the market conditions 
at that time. 
Substitution and Agency 
The Administrator may not assign its rights and obligations under the Administrative Agreement but will 
have the right to be assisted by, to appoint or to substitute for itself any third party in the performance of 
certain or all its tasks under the Administrative Agreement, provided that: 
(a) the Administrator has given written notice of the exercise of that right to the Issuer; 
(b) the Administrator remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those tasks and, with respect 
to the Issuer only, the relevant third party has expressly waived any right to any contractual claim against 
the Issuer; and

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(c) the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Administrator 
under the Administrative Agreement and relating to the tasks for which such third party has been 
appointed for. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Administrator to the Issuer under the Administrative 
Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the Administrator an administration fee computed subject to, and in 
accordance with, the provisions of the Administrative Agreement. 
The Administrator will benefit from the Privilège for the payment of that portion of its fees or the other 
amounts that might be owed to it by the Issuer under the Administrative Agreement which corresponds to 
the management and servicing of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer in accordance with Article L.513-
15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Administrator has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, 
the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Administrative Agreement and 
continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator undertakes to hold harmless and fully and 
effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses 
(including legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a 
consequence of the occurrence of any default by the Administrator in its performance of any of its 
obligations under the Administrative Agreement. 
Resignation of the Administrator 
The Administrator will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Administrator pursuant 
to the Administrative Agreement, except:  
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Administrative Agreement will no 
longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where, the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the 
Administrative Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty (180) 
days from the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Administrator,  
such resignation shall however be effective upon replacement of the Administrator. 
Administrator's Defaults 
Each of the following events shall constitute an Administrator's Default: 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Administrator is incorrect or misleading in any 
material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) 
Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Administrator or (if sooner) the 
Administrator has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it 
is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Administrator fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Administrative 
Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Administrator or (if sooner) the Administrator has 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Administrator; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Administrator to perform or comply with any or all of 
its material obligations under the Administrative Agreement or any or all of its material obligations 
under the Administrative Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
For such purposes, "Insolvency Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, the relevant entity is, or is deemed or 
declared for the purposes of any law to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due or to be insolvent, 
including without limitation, en état de cessation des paiements, or admits in writing its inability to 
pay its debts as they fall due; 
(b) 
the relevant entity by reason of financial difficulties, begins formal negotiations with one or more 
of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of any of its indebtedness or 
applies for or is subject to an amicable settlement, a mandat ad hoc or a procédure de conciliation 
pursuant to Articles L.611-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce); 
(c) 
a meeting of the shareholders of the relevant entity is convened for the purpose of considering any 
resolution for (or to petition for) its winding-up or its administration or any such resolution is passed; 
(d) 
any person presents a petition for the winding-up or for the administration or for the bankruptcy of 
the relevant entity and the petition is not discharged within thirty (30) days; 
(e) 
any order for the winding-up or administration of the relevant entity is issued; 
(f) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation ("liquidation judiciaire"), the safeguard procedure 
of the relevant entity ("procédure de sauvegarde"), the rescheduling of the debt of the relevant entity 
("redressement judiciaire") or the transfer of the whole or part of the business of the relevant entity 
("cession de l'entreprise") pursuant to Articles L.620-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce);  
(g) 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or the like 
(including, without limitation, any "mandataire ad hoc", "administrateur judiciaire", 
"administrateur provisoire", "conciliateur" or "mandataire liquidateur") is appointed in respect of 
the relevant entity or any substantial or material part of the assets or the directors of the relevant 
entity request such appointment; or 
(h) 
more generally and to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, the relevant entity is 
subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or makes any conveyance, assignment or 
other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors. 
Termination 
"Administrator Termination Events" under the Administrative Agreement will include the following 
events: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any Administrator's Default; 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default; or 
(c) 
the resignation from its duties and obligations by the Administrator. 
If an Administrator Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the 
Administrator under the Administrative Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice to the 
Administrator (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Administrator of the Notice of 
Termination, save for any continuing obligations of the Administrator contained in this Agreement and 
provided that the duties and obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement shall continue until

--- Page 117 ---
117 
the Service Termination Date, the appointment of the Administrator under this Agreement shall terminate 
with effect on the date on which the Administrator has been replaced under this Agreement (the "Service 
Termination Date"), it being provided that the Company and the Administrator shall take all necessary 
steps so that such replacement occurs no later than thirty (30) Business Days as from the receipt by the 
Administrator of the Notice of Termination. 
Upon the resignation of the Administrator, or termination of its appointment as Administrator in 
accordance with the terms of the Administrative Agreement, the Issuer shall replace CCF, as 
Administrator, by any legal entity, which is a financial institution (établissement de crédit) within the 
meaning of Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
(the "Substitute Administrator"), the choice of which not being likely to constitute a Rating Adverse 
Event.  
For such purposes, a "Rating Adverse Event" means any specified action, determination or appointment, 
for so long as any Covered Bonds are rated by the Rating Agency, which would result in a downgrading, 
or withdrawal, of the rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding the resignation of the Administrator or the termination of its appointment as 
Administrator, the Administrator will continue to be bound by all its obligations under the Administrative 
Agreement until the earlier of (i) its replacement as Administrator in accordance with the Administrative 
Agreement, and (ii) the termination of the Administrative Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof 
(the "Service Termination Date"). The Administrator undertakes to act in good faith to assist any 
Substitute Administrator. 
Term and Termination of the Administrative Agreement 
The Administrative Agreement shall remain in effect for an initial period of ten (10) years and shall be 
automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a party thereto notifies to the others its 
intention to terminate the Administrative Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period 
or the additional periods, as the case may be. 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Administrative Agreement, the Administrative Agreement shall 
terminate: 
(a) 
on its scheduled term as defined above; 
(b) 
if earlier than its scheduled term, if the Issuer and any Substitute Administrator replacing (i) CCF 
as Administrator or (ii) a previous Administrator having replaced CCF as Administrator agree in 
writing to cease to be bound by the Administrative Agreement and execute another agreement for 
the performance of the services contemplated by the Administrative Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its scheduled term and upon failure to replace the Administrator (i) the last day of 
the sixty (60) Business Days period starting on the date of resignation of the Administrator, or (ii) 
the last day of the thirty (30) Business Days period starting on the date a Notice of Termination is 
delivered to the Administrator.  
The termination of the Administrative Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the termination 
of the appointment of CCF as Administrator thereunder on the relevant termination date of the 
Administrative Agreement. 
Limited recourse – Non petition 
The Administrative Agreement includes "Limited recourse" and "Non petition" provisions, as described 
in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited recourse" and "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition".

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Administrative Agreement 
without prior information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the interests 
of the Issuer or the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agreement may be amended, modified, altered or 
supplemented without prior information to the Rating Agency: 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to the Administrative Agreement to any successor; 
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of the Administrator under the Administrative 
Agreement;  
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or  
(e) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
Governing Law – Jurisdiction 
The Administrative Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. The 
Issuer and the Administrator have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with the 
Administrative Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris. 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement pursuant to which the 
Issuer Accounts are opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank. 
Background 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement refers to the amended and restated agreement dated on or about the 
Transfer Effective Date and entered into between the Issuer and HSBC Continental Europe, as "Issuer 
Accounts Bank" (the "Issuer Accounts Bank") (the "Issuer Accounts Agreement"). The Issuer Accounts 
Bank will always act in the best and exclusive interest of CCF SFH. 
Purpose 
Under the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer appoints HSBC Continental Europe as its account bank 
for the opening and operation of its bank accounts (the "Issuer Accounts"). 
Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer Accounts opened in the name of the Issuer in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank include: 
(a) 
the "Issuer Cash Accounts", including the "Issuer General Account" (denominated in Euro), the 
"Cash Collateral Account" (denominated in Euro), the "Share Capital Proceeds Account" 
(denominated in Euro), the "Collection Loss Reserve Account" (denominated in Euro) and any 
cash bank account opened in the name of the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement 
and the Administrative Agreement; and  
(b) 
the "Issuer Securities Accounts", which are securities accounts (comptes d'instruments 
financiers) opened in relation to each Issuer Cash Account (save for the Collection Loss Reserve 
Account), 
it being provided that, according to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator may open within the 
books of the Issuer Accounts Bank any new bank cash account in the name of the Issuer which may be 
necessary or advisable for the performance by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under any 
Programme Document, and notably in case of issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Currency other than Euro provided that an Issuer Securities Account (compte-titres) is opened in relation 
to each such Issuer Cash Account. 
Funds Allocation 
Each of the Issuer Accounts shall be exclusively dedicated to the operation of the Issuer. 
All sums standing to the credit balance of the Issuer Cash Accounts may be invested from time to time in 
Permitted Investments by the Administrator (see section entitled "The Issuer" - "The Administrative 
Agreement"). 
Operation 
The Issuer Cash Accounts shall not be operated by the Issuer Accounts Bank otherwise than in accordance 
with the provisions of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and the Administrative Agreement and, in 
particular, the Issuer Accounts Bank shall be entitled to refuse to, without being liable for any such refusal: 
(a) 
deliver credit cards or other means of payment with respect to the Issuer Cash Accounts or make 
any transfer from any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of the Administrator other 
than by bank transfer or any such other means as is agreed with the Issuer; 
(b) 
debit any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of any person other than the Issuer or the 
Administrator; 
(c) 
debit any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of the Administrator, if the Issuer 
Accounts Bank is aware that such instructions may cause a debit balance of the relevant Issuer 
Cash Accounts (in which case the Issuer Accounts Bank will promptly inform the Administrator 
and the Issuer and postpone the performance of the relevant instructions until it has received the 
relevant renewed written instructions of the same); or 
(d) 
implement any instruction from the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) in connection 
with the Issuer Accounts if it is aware that an implementation of such instruction would constitute 
a breach of any provision of the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Issuer General Account 
As from the Programme Date and on any relevant date thereafter, the Issuer General Account shall be 
credited or debited by the Issuer Accounts Bank, acting upon the instructions of the Issuer (or the 
Administrator acting on its behalf), with any and all amounts which are not specified to be credited or 
debited to any other Issuer Cash Accounts (the "Issuer General Account"). 
Cash Collateral Account 
The Cash Collateral Account shall be credited and debited only subject to, and in accordance with, the 
Cash Collateral Agreement as described in section entitled "Asset Monitoring – The Pre-Maturity Test" 
(the "Cash Collateral Account"). 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance with, 
the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its 
behalf) will give the appropriate instructions in order to ensure that the balance of the Cash Collateral 
Account be allocated in accordance with the applicable Priority Payment Order. 
Share Capital Proceeds Account 
On or prior to the Programme Date and upon instruction of the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its 
behalf), the Share Capital Proceeds Account shall be credited with the amount of the Issuer Share Capital 
(the "Share Capital Proceeds Account").

--- Page 120 ---
120 
The funds standing to the Share Capital Proceeds Account shall be invested from time to time in Permitted 
Investments. Such funds and the proceeds from the relevant Permitted Investments shall be included in 
the Issuer's available funds and allocated to the payments due by the Issuer in accordance with the 
applicable Priority Payment Order. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer Accounts Bank has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to 
the Issuer, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement and continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer Accounts Bank undertakes to hold harmless and 
fully and effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, 
expenses (including legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain 
or incur as a consequence of the occurrence of any default by the Issuer Accounts Bank in its performance 
of any of its obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Issuer Accounts Bank to the Issuer under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) will pay to the Issuer Accounts 
Bank a fee to be computed subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement.  
The Issuer Accounts Bank will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other 
amounts that might be due by the Issuer under the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Resignation of Issuer Accounts Bank 
The Issuer Accounts Bank will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Issuer Accounts 
Bank pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement, except as follows: 
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will 
no longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty (180) days 
from the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Issuer Accounts Bank (with copy to the 
Administrator),  
Such resignation shall become effective upon replacement of the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Defaults  
Each of the following events shall constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default (an "Issuer Accounts 
Bank's Default"): 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Accounts Bank is or proves to have 
been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if 
capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the 
Issuer Accounts Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of the same, 
provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders 
of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Issuer Accounts Bank fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) 
Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Accounts Bank or (if sooner)

--- Page 121 ---
121 
the Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, 
certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Accounts Bank; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Accounts Bank to perform or comply with any 
or all of its material obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement or any or all of its material 
obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default occurs, the Issuer Accounts Bank shall notify the Issuer (or the 
Administrator) of such occurrence promptly after becoming aware of the same. 
Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer Accounts Bank will promptly notify 
the Issuer in writing of the occurrence of such event. Within sixty (60) calendar days of the occurrence, 
of an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event: 
(a) 
the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) shall have closed the then existing Issuer 
Accounts and opened new accounts in its name under the terms of a new Issuer Accounts 
Agreement substantially on the same terms as the Issuer Accounts Agreement, with another 
financial institution whose the Issuer Credit Rating (as defined under the relevant S&P credit rating 
methodology) is rated at least BBB (long-term); or  
(b) 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, the Issuer Accounts Bank has obtained a guarantee of its 
obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement on terms acceptable to the Issuer, acting 
reasonably, from a financial institution whose the Issuer Credit Rating (as defined under the 
relevant S&P credit rating methodology) is rated at least BBB (long-term), 
provided that failure to comply with the provisions of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) above (each, a 
"Remedy to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event") within the relevant 60 calendar day-
period shall constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event within the meaning of the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement. 
For the purpose of the above, "Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which 
the Issuer Credit Rating (as defined under the relevant S&P credit rating methodology) of the then 
appointed Issuer Accounts Bank become rated below BBB (long-term) by S&P. 
The same provisions will apply each time an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event occurs in relation 
to any substitute financial institution appointed in replacement of an Issuer Accounts Bank. 
Termination 
"Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Events" under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will include the 
following events: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any Issuer Accounts Bank's Default; 
(b) 
the failure to comply with one or the other remedies to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger 
Event within the relevant 60 calendar day-period; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default; or 
(d) 
the resignation from its duties and obligations by the Issuer Accounts Bank. 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the 
Issuer Accounts Banks under the Issuer Accounts Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice 
to the Issuer Accounts Bank (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Issuer Accounts Bank of 
the Notice of Termination, the appointment of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Agreement will terminate with effect not earlier than thirty (30) Business Days as from the receipt by the 
Issuer Accounts Bank of the Notice of Termination or at any other date that the Issuer may have specified 
in the Notice of Termination, save for any continuing obligations of the Issuer Accounts Bank contained 
in the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Upon the resignation of the Issuer Accounts Bank or termination of its appointment as Issuer Accounts 
Bank hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer shall replace 
HSBC Continental Europe, as Issuer Accounts Bank, at the costs of HSBC Continental Europe, by any 
legal entity (the "Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank"), the choice of which not being subject likely to 
constitute a Rating Adverse Event (as defined above). Upon its appointment and unless otherwise agreed 
with the Issuer (but provided it is not likely to constitute a Rating Adverse Event (as defined above)), the 
Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank shall: 
(a) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary advice and assistance and know-how, whether technical or 
other, including in connection with the opening, maintaining and operation of the Issuer Accounts 
and the Programme Documents and, in particular, as described under the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement; 
(b) 
together with the Issuer Accounts Bank, take all steps necessary to replace the Issuer Accounts 
Bank in all rights and obligations arisen from the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Notwithstanding its resignation or the termination of its appointment as Issuer Accounts Bank in 
accordance with the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the duties of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement shall continue and the Issuer Accounts Bank shall continue to be bound by all its obligations 
under the Issuer Accounts Agreement until the earlier of (i) its replacement as Issuer Accounts Bank, and 
(ii) the termination of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement in accordance with its terms (the "Service 
Termination Date"). 
Term and Termination of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement 
The Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement shall remain in effect for an initial period of ten (10) years and shall 
be automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a party thereto notifies to the others its 
intention to terminate the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial 
period or the additional periods, as the case may be. 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement, the Issuer Accounts Bank 
Agreement shall terminate: 
(a) 
on its scheduled term as defined above; 
(b) 
if earlier than its scheduled term, if the Issuer and any Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank replacing 
(i) HSBC Continental Europe as Issuer Accounts Bank or (ii) a previous Issuer Accounts Bank 
having replaced HSBC Continental Europe as Issuer Accounts Bank agree in writing to cease to 
be bound by the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement and execute another agreement for the 
performance of the services contemplated by Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its scheduled term and upon failure to replace the Issuer Accounts Bank (i) the last 
day of the sixty (60) Business Days period starting on the date of resignation of the Issuer Accounts 
Bank, or (ii) the last day of the thirty (30) Business Days period starting on the date a Notice of 
Termination is delivered to the Issuer Accounts Bank.  
The termination of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the 
termination of the appointment of HSBC Continental Europe as Issuer Accounts Bank thereunder on the 
relevant termination date of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Limited recourse – Non petition 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement includes "Limited recourse" and "Non petition" provisions, as described 
in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited recourse" and "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Non 
petition". 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Issuer Accounts Agreement 
without prior information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the interests 
of the Issuer or the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer Accounts Agreement may be amended, modified, altered or 
supplemented without prior information to the Rating Agency: 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to the Issuer Accounts Agreement to any successor; 
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement;  
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or  
(e) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
Governing Law – Jurisdiction 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. The 
Issuer and the Issuer Accounts Bank have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
THE BORROWER AND THE BORROWER FACILITY AGREEMENT 
The Borrower 
The borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement (the "Borrower") is CCF (formerly known as Banque des 
Caraïbes). 
Please refer to section entitled "The Issuer" in respect of the sale of HSBC Continental Europe's retail banking 
business in France including its full ownership interest in CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH (France)) (the 
"Issuer"). 
General information relating to CCF  
CCF is a limited liability company (société anonyme) organised under the laws of France and licensed as a credit 
institution, having its registered office at 103, rue de Grenelle, 75007 Paris, France and registered with the Trade 
and Companies Register of Paris, France under number 315 769 257. CCF was incorporated on 6 May 1979 until 
5 May 2078. CCF is governed by the laws and regulations applicable to commercial companies and, in particular, 
the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), to the extent that they are not disapplied by more specific 
laws such as, inter alia, the various applicable rules of French law applicable to licensed entities and by the by-
laws (statuts) of CCF.  
The shares of CCF are not listed.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the short-term issuer credit rating of CCF is A-3 (S&P) and the long-term 
issuer credit rating of CCF is BBB- with negative outlook (S&P). Such ratings being subject to variations from 
time 
to 
time, 
up-to-date 
ratings 
are 
available 
at 
the 
following 
address: 
https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area. 
Activities  
CCF provides its customers with a tailored products and services offering centred around excellence and 
including a unique wealth proposition, a modern online banking platform enabling clients to manage efficiently 
their day-to-day operations, coupled with a one-on-one relationship founded on in-depth local expertise. 
On 25 November 2021, HSBC Continental Europe, CCF Holding (formerly Promontoria MMB SAS) and CCF 
(formerly Banque des Caraïbes) entered into a framework agreement whereby HSBC Continental Europe would 
transfer, among other things, its full ownership interest in the HSBC SFH (France) to CCF. 
CCF is a member of the CCF Holding (formerly Promontoria MMB) group.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
The recent CCF's annual reports are available on https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area. 
General information relating to share capital  
The issued capital of CCF is €147,000,001 and consists of 294,000,002 shares with a par value of €0.50 each. 
Structure of the capital and voting rights as of 2 January 2024 is as follows:  
- 
CCF Holding: 99.99% of the voting rights, representing €147,000,000.50 and 294,000,001 shares; and 
- 
MMB: 0.01% of the voting rights, representing €0.50 and 1 share. 
Management and administration  
CCF is administered by a board of directors which consists of at least three (3) and no more than eighteen (18) 
members, zero (0) of whom are representatives of salaried staff elected by the employees of CCF. 
The members of the board of directors are appointed or elected for a term of three (3) years. 
Control 
As a regulated bank, CCF is subject to various controls by the French financial regulators (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution, Autorité des Marchés Financiers, etc.) and by the European Central Bank. 
Accounting regulations and methods 
CCF presents its accounts according to the provisions in use in all private industrial and commercial companies 
and is subject to tax in the same way as any commercial entity. 
The accounts of CCF are subject to examination by KPMG and RSM, the statutory auditors (commissaires aux 
comptes) of CCF appointed by the ordinary general meeting of CCF on 4 June 2020 and 31 May 2021 
respectively, for a period of six (6) years, expiring at the close of the ordinary general meeting to be called in to 
approve the financial statements for the years ending in 2025 and 2026. The accounts of CCF must be approved 
by its board of directors and are submitted, within six (6) months following the end of each financial year, 
together with the statutory auditors' report, for examination by the shareholders meeting of CCF.  
The Borrower Facility Agreement 
Background 
The proceeds from the issuance of the Covered Bonds under the Programme will be used by the Issuer, as lender 
(in such capacity, the "Lender"), to fund advances to be made available to CCF as borrower (in such capacity, 
the "Borrower"). 
The Lender and the Borrower have agreed to enter into an amended and restated credit facility agreement (the 
"Borrower Facility Agreement") in order to determine the terms and conditions according to which the Lender 
shall grant the Borrower with advances under the Borrower Facility Agreement (each, a "Borrower Advance"). 
The Borrower Advances 
The Borrower Advances shall be made available to the Borrower in an aggregate maximum amount equal to 
€10,000,000,000 (the "Borrower Facility Commitment") for the purpose of financing the general financial 
needs of the Borrower. Pursuant to the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower shall send to the 
Administrator (with a copy to the Issuer acting as Lender under the Borrower Facility Agreement) a duly 
completed drawdown request (a "Drawdown Request") in respect of the Borrower Advance to be made 
available under the Borrower Facility Agreement. Upon receipt of a Drawdown Request by the Administrator 
(with copy to the Lender), the Lender, together with the Administrator, shall elaborate (i) corresponding Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds to be issued to fund such Drawdown Request, and (ii) final terms of the Borrower 
Advance ("Final Terms of Borrower Advance") reflecting the terms and conditions of such corresponding Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
The Borrower may (i) accept the terms and conditions of the Final Terms of Borrower Advance proposed by the 
Administrator and the Lender, in which case such Final Terms of Borrower Advance shall be definitive between 
the Borrower and the Lender and a Borrower Advance shall be made available according to such Final Terms of 
Borrower Advance, or (ii) refuse the terms and conditions of such Final Terms of Borrower Advance, in which 
case such Final Terms of Borrower Advance and the relevant Drawdown Request shall be considered as null and 
void between the Borrower and the Lender. 
Principal and interest amounts 
The terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower 
Advance shall mirror the equivalent terms and conditions of the corresponding Final Terms of Covered Bonds, 
it being provided that, as a principle, the interest to be paid by the Borrower under a Borrower Advance shall 
reflect the financing costs of the Lender under the Covered Bonds funding such Borrower Advance. The terms 
and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower Advance 
shall be further described hereunder and in the relevant Final Terms of Borrower Advance. Any amounts repaid 
or prepaid under any Borrower Advance may not be re-borrowed. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Borrower has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Lender, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Borrower Facility Agreement and 
continuing until all sums due by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement shall have been repaid in 
full. 
Main other terms 
The Borrower Facility Agreement also provides for: 
(a) 
(i) customary tax gross-up provisions relating to payments to be made by the Borrower to the relevant 
Finance Parties under the Borrower Facility Agreement and (ii) corresponding tax gross-up provision 
relating to payments to be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(b) of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
customary tax indemnity provisions relating to any payment to be made by the relevant Finance Parties 
on account of tax on or in relation to any sum received or receivable under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement by the Finance Parties from the Borrower or any liability in respect of any such payment being 
asserted, imposed, levied or assessed against the Finance Parties; 
(c) 
customary "increased costs" provisions; 
(d) 
general financial information covenants and other customary covenants of the Borrower. 
Borrower Events of Default  
Each of the following events constitutes the occurrence of an event of default under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement (each a "Borrower Event of Default"): 
(a) 
the Borrower fails to pay any sum due under the Borrower Facility Agreement when due, in the currency 
and in the manner specified therein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to an 
administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems reasonably 
used by the Borrower and such payment is made by the Borrower within three (3) Business Days of such 
non-payment, such non-payment shall not constitute a Borrower Event of Default; 
(b) 
a Breach of Pre-Maturity Test occurs; 
(c) 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test occurs; 
(d) 
a Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement occurs;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(e) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Borrower, in the Borrower Facility Agreement or in 
any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant thereto or in connection 
therewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the 
same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator or 
the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the Borrower has knowledge of the same, 
provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the 
relevant Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
the Borrower fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
or the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied 
within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator or the Issuer has given notice thereof to the 
Borrower or (if sooner) the date on which the Borrower has knowledge of the same provided that the 
Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered 
Bonds;  
(g) 
as regards the Borrower, an Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(h) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Borrower to perform or comply with any or all of its material 
obligations under the Borrower Facility Agreement or any of the material obligations of the Borrower 
under the Borrower Facility Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding. 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) shall, by 
written notice (such notice to constitute a mise en demeure) to (i) the Borrower (if the Borrower Enforcement 
Notice is delivered by the Administrator) and (ii) (in each instance) the Rating Agency), (x) declare that (i) no 
further Borrower Advances shall be available under the Borrower Facility Agreement, and (ii) the then 
outstanding Borrower Advances are immediately due and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Lender under 
the Borrower Security Documents for the repayment of any sum due by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement and not paid by the Borrower (whether at its contractual due date or upon acceleration pursuant to 
the aforementioned provision) (a "Borrower Enforcement Notice"). 
Borrower's indemnities  
Under the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower undertakes to indemnify the Lender against: 
(a) 
any cost, claim, loss, expense (including legal fees) or liability (other than reasonable consequential losses 
including loss of profit), which it may (acting reasonably) sustain or incur as a consequence of the 
occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default or any default by the Borrower in the performance of any 
of the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Borrower Facility Agreement; and 
(b) 
(other than by reason of negligence or default by the Lender) any loss it may suffer or incur as a result of 
its funding or making arrangements to fund a Borrower Advance requested by the Borrower under the 
Borrower Facility Agreement but not made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the provisions 
of the Borrower Facility Agreement. 
In addition, the Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees and undertakes to hold the Issuer harmless 
against any liabilities that the Issuer may incur in connection with its funding or making arrangements to fund, 
through the issuance of Covered Bonds or otherwise, any Borrower Advance made available to the Borrower 
hereunder (including but not limited to any indemnity payable by the Lender (in its capacity as Issuer) to any 
party under any Programme Documents).  
Broken Funding Indemnity  
If, as a consequence of the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Lender receives or recovers all or any 
part of a Borrower Advance otherwise than as described or scheduled under the relevant Finals Terms of 
Borrower Advance, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender on demand an amount equal to the amount (if any) of 
the difference (if positive) between (x) the additional interest which would have been payable on the amount so

--- Page 128 ---
128 
received or recovered had such Borrower Event of Default not occurred, and (y) the amount of interest which 
the Lender reasonably determines would have been payable to the Lender on the last day of the term thereof in 
respect of a deposit equal to the amount so received or recovered placed by it with a prime bank for a period 
starting on the third Business Day following the date of such receipt or recovery and ending on the last day of 
the term thereof. 
Limited recourse – Non petition 
The Borrower Facility Agreement includes "Limited recourse" and "Non petition" provisions, as described in 
"The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited recourse" and "The Issuer Issuer's Activities - Non-petition". 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Borrower Facility Agreement 
without prior information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the interests of the 
Issuer or the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower Facility Agreement may be amended, modified, altered or 
supplemented without prior information to the Rating Agency: 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to the Borrower Facility Agreement to any successor; 
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement;  
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or 
(e) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
Governing Law – Jurisdiction 
The Borrower Facility Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. The 
Lender and the Borrower have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with the Borrower 
Facility Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
THE BORROWER COLLATERAL SECURITY  
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement  
Background 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement refers to the  amended and restated agreement dated on or about 
the Transfer Effective Date, as amended from time to time, and made between (i) CCF SFH (formerly HSBC 
SFH (France)) (the "Issuer"), in its capacity as "Lender", and (ii) CCF, in its respective capacity as "Borrower", 
"Administrator" and "Issuer Calculation Agent" (the "Borrower Collateral Security Agreement"). 
Borrower Secured Liabilities  
Pursuant to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, the Borrower has irrevocably and unconditionally 
undertaken, pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) to transfer by way of security the full title (remettre en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) 
(the "Borrower Collateral Security") in favour of the Issuer, acting as lender under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement, in order to secure, as they become due and payable, the payments of all and any amounts owed by 
the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement, whether present or future (the "Borrower Secured 
Liabilities"), such Eligible Assets (as described below) that will have been selected by the Borrower. 
The title to the Eligible Assets granted as Borrower Collateral Security shall be immediately transferred in favour 
of the Issuer but this transfer will not become definitive until perfection of the Borrower Collateral Security. 
Eligible Assets 
For the purposes of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" is any Home Loan 
Receivable that complies or whose underlying Home Loan complies (each, a "relevant Home Loan") with the 
requirements of the SFH Legal Framework and each of the following eligibility criteria (the "Home Loan 
Eligibility Criteria"): 
(a) 
prior to the date upon which the relevant Home Loan has been made available to the borrower thereof, by 
satisfying all lending criteria and preconditions as applied by the originator of such relevant Home Loan 
pursuant, until the Transfer Effective Date, HSBC Continental Europe's customary lending procedures 
and as from the Transfer Effective Date, its customary lending procedures; 
(b) 
 the purpose of the loan is either to buy, to renovate, to build or to refinance a residential real estate 
property; 
(c) 
the underlying property is located in France; 
(d) 
 the relevant Home Loan is governed by French law; 
(e) 
the relevant Home Loan is denominated in Euro; 
(f) 
all sums due under the relevant Home Loan (including interest and costs) are secured by a fully effective 
Home Loan Security; 
(g) 
when the relevant Home Loan is guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee, the borrower is contractually 
prevented from constituting a Mortgage on the underlying property without the previous consent of the 
originator; 
(h) 
when the relevant Home Loan is guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee, on the date upon which it has 
been made available to the borrower thereof, the loan-to-income ratio (taux d'effort1) of this borrower was 
not above thirty-three per cent. (33%); 
 
1 Corresponding to the "ratio emprunt/revenus" mentioned in Article 129 1(e) of the French version of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(i) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the remaining term for the relevant Home Loan is less than thirty (30) 
years; 
(j) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the borrower under the relevant Home Loan has paid at least one instalment 
in respect of such Home Loan; 
(k) 
the borrower under the relevant Home Loan is either (1) an individual who is not an employee of the 
originator of such relevant Home Loan or (2) a "SCI patrimoniale" (provided that the shareholders of such 
SCI shall only be individuals); 
(l) 
the relevant Home Loan is current (i.e. does not present any arrears) as at the Selection Date; 
(m) 
the relevant Home Loan is either monthly or quarterly amortising as at the Selection Date; 
(n) 
under the relevant Home Loan, the borrower does not benefit from a right to raise contractual right of set 
off; 
(o) 
the opening by the borrower under the relevant Home Loan of a bank account dedicated to payments due 
under such relevant Home Loan is not provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements as a condition 
precedent to the originator of such relevant Home Loan making such relevant Home Loan available to the 
borrower under such relevant Home Loan; 
(p) 
except in the event that prior Rating Affirmation has been obtained, no amount drawn under the relevant 
Home Loan is capable of being redrawn by the borrower thereof (i.e. such relevant Home Loan is not 
flexible); and 
(q) 
the relevant Home Loan complies with the requirements of the SFH Legal Framework. 
If it is confirmed that a relevant Home Loan ceases to comply with any Home Loan Eligibility Criteria (each, an 
"Ineligible Home Loan"), any Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral Security under such 
Ineligible Home Loan shall account for zero for the purpose of calculation of the Asset Cover Test on the relevant 
Asset Cover Test Date (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring - Asset Cover Test"). In addition, the Borrower 
may request that such Ineligible Home Loan Receivables be released from the scope of the Borrower Collateral 
Security.  
The Home Loan Eligibility Criteria may be amended from time to time subject to prior information to the Rating 
Agency. 
For the purpose hereof:  
"Home Loan" means each and any loan originated by the Borrower which finances or refinances the acquisition 
(and/or, as the case may be, the construction) of residential real estate property. 
"Home Loan Receivable" means each and any loan receivable arising from any Home Loan. 
"Home Loan Security" means, in respect of a Home Loan, a Mortgage or a Home Loan Guarantee. 
"Home Loan Guarantee" means (i) each and any joint and several guarantee or other type of guarantee provided 
by Crédit Logement; or, subject to Rating Affirmation and notification of S&P, a French société de financement 
or a credit institution of the EEA specialised in the guaranteeing of loans financing the acquisition of residential 
real estate property and guaranteeing the Home Loans; or (ii) subject to Rating Affirmation of S&P, each and 
any financial guarantee or other type of guarantee provided by insurance companies, or mutual insurance 
companies and guaranteeing the Home Loans. 
"Mortgage" means each duly registered first ranking mortgage (and in particular in respect of Home Loans 
governed by French law, any hypothèque) or similar first ranking legal privilege (and in particular in respect of 
Home Loans governed by French law, any privilège de prêteur de deniers) securing the repayment of any given 
Home Loan or any second ranking mortgage securing the repayment of any given Home Loan if the relevant

--- Page 131 ---
131 
first ranking mortgage is granted to secure the repayment of a Home Loan which receivable is granted as 
Borrower Collateral Security. 
"Selection Date" means, with respect to each Home Loan Receivable to be granted to and/or released form the 
Borrower Collateral Security under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, at the latest the 20th Business 
Day of each calendar month upon which such Home Loan Receivable shall have been effectively granted to 
and/or released from the Borrower Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of 
the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
Eligible Assets shall be validly granted as Borrower Collateral Security and shall qualify as "Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets" for the purposes of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement only upon 
execution of the relevant transfer certificate (a "Transfer Certificate") or substitution transfer certificate (a 
"Substitution Transfer Certificate"), each duly identifying the transferred Eligible Assets. 
Creation and Perfection 
In accordance with paragraphs I and II, 1°) and II, 2°) of Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), the perfection of the Borrower Collateral Security on each Selection Date 
shall not be conditional upon any formality other than the identification of the transferred Eligible Assets in the 
relevant Transfer Certificate or Substitution Transfer Certificate subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of 
the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
Asset Monitoring and Asset Cover Test 
First Transfer 
On the Selection Date falling on November 2015 
(i). 
the Home Loan Receivables selected by the Borrower to be granted by it as Borrower Collateral Security 
on such Selection Date shall have been identified: 
a) 
in its dedicated data base (the "Borrower Collateral Security Database") and in the relevant 
list (the "Borrower Collateral Security List") in accordance with the identification 
requirements set out in the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement (the "Identification 
Requirements"); 
b) 
in the relevant asset report (the "Asset Report"); and 
c) 
in a duly executed Transfer Certificate. 
(ii). 
such Home Loan Receivables shall qualify as "Borrower Collateral Security Assets" within the meaning 
of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
(iii). 
With effect on such Selection Date and upon confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent in the Asset 
Report delivered on such Selection Date in accordance with this the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement that a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test would not occur as a result thereof: 
a) 
all the Eligible Assets granted as collateral security (remise en garantie financière à titre de 
sûreté) since the Effective Date and then renewed on each previous Selection Date shall be 
automatically and entirely released without formality; and 
b) 
the Home Loan Receivables identified as mentioned in this Clause (i) above shall be deemed 
automatically granted as Borrower Collateral Security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de 
garantie).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Addition 
On each following Selection Date on which Home Loan Receivables are to be added to the Borrower Collateral 
Security: 
(i). 
the Home Loan Receivables selected by the Borrower to be granted by it as Borrower Collateral Security 
on such Selection Date shall have been identified: 
a) 
in the Borrower Collateral Security Database and the relevant Borrower Collateral Security List 
in accordance with the Identification Requirements; 
b) 
in the relevant Asset Report; and 
c) 
in a duly executed Transfer Certificate. 
(ii). 
such Home Loan Receivables shall qualify as "Borrower Collateral Security Assets" within the meaning 
of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
(iii). 
with effect on such Selection Date and upon confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent in the Asset 
Report delivered on such Selection Date in accordance with the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement 
that a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test would not occur as a result thereof, the Home Loan 
Receivables identified as mentioned above shall be deemed automatically granted as Borrower Collateral 
Security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie). 
Substitution 
On each following Selection Date on which existing Borrower Collateral Security Assets are to be substituted 
by new Home Loan Receivables: 
(i). 
the new Home Loan Receivables selected by the Borrower to be granted by it as Borrower Collateral 
Security on such Selection Date and the existing Borrower Collateral Security Assets to be released from 
the Borrower Collateral Security on such Selection Date shall have been identified: 
a) 
in the Borrower Collateral Security Database and the relevant Borrower Collateral Security List 
in accordance with the Identification Requirements; 
b) 
in the relevant Asset Report; and 
c) 
in a duly executed Substitution Transfer Certificate. 
(ii). 
the new Home Loan Receivables shall qualify as "Borrower Collateral Security Assets" within the 
meaning of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
(iii). 
with effect on such Selection Date and upon confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent in the Asset 
Report delivered on such Selection Date in accordance with the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement 
that a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test would not occur as a result thereof: 
a) 
the existing Borrower Collateral Security Assets identified to be released as mentioned above 
shall be deemed automatically released from the Borrower Collateral Security; and 
b) 
the new Home Loan Receivables identified as mentioned above shall be deemed automatically 
granted as Borrower Collateral Security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie). 
Release 
On each following Selection Date on which existing Borrower Collateral Security Assets are to be released from 
the Borrower Collateral Security: 
(i). 
the Borrower shall have delivered to the Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer Calculation Agent and the 
Administrator) a request of release (the "Release Request") substantially in the form as attached to the

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and identifying the Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
requested by the Borrower to be released from the scope of the Borrower Collateral Security; 
(ii). 
the existing Borrower Collateral Security Assets to be released from the Borrower Collateral Security on 
such Selection Date shall have been identified: 
a) 
in the Borrower Collateral Security Database and the relevant Borrower Collateral Security List 
in accordance with the Identification Requirements; 
b) 
in the relevant Asset Report; and 
c) 
in a duly executed partial release certificate (a "Partial Release Certificate") 
(iii). 
with effect on such Selection Date and upon confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent in the Asset 
Report delivered on such Selection Date in accordance with the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement 
that a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test would not occur as a result thereof, the existing Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets identified to be released as mentioned above shall be deemed automatically 
released from the Borrower Collateral Security. 
Interim Selection Date 
The Borrower shall be at any time entitled to request that any Home Loan Receivable granted as Borrower 
Collateral Security be added and/or released from the scope of the Borrower Collateral Security on any date 
(which is not a "normal" Selection Date) (an "Interim Selection Date"). In particular, if the Issuer Calculation 
Agent confirms to the Borrower and the Issuer in any relevant Asset Report or Asset Cover Test Calculation 
Notice that any Home Loan underlying a Home Loan Receivable granted as Borrower Collateral Security has 
become an Ineligible Asset at such date, the Borrower may request that such Home Loan Receivable be released 
from the scope of the Borrower Collateral Security and substituted by a Home Loan Receivable arising from an 
Eligible Asset. Any top-up and/or release on any Interim Selection Date shall be made subject to, and in 
accordance with, the procedures described above above with references to "Selection Date" deemed to be 
references to the relevant Interim Selection Date. 
For the purpose hereof: "Ineligible Asset" means any Home Loan granted as Borrower Collateral Security under 
the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement which ceases to comply with any Home Loan Eligibility Criteria. 
Asset Servicing 
The Lender/Issuer has full title over the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. However, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Borrower is entitled to keep and dispose of any collections received under the Collateral Security 
Assets, subject to the provisions of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement relating to enforcement. 
For the whole duration of the Borrower Collateral Security, it has been agreed that the servicing, management 
and recovery of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets shall be carried out by the Borrower in accordance with 
the provisions of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
The Lender/Issuer has acknowledged and accepted that it shall have no right to interfere with the free monitoring 
and servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, except as expressly provided for in the Borrower 
Collateral Security Agreement or upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement, provided that the Borrower shall monitor and service the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets on behalf of the Lender/Issuer, having due regard to the interests of the Lender/Issuer, and in accordance 
with the Servicing Procedures as mentioned below (the "Servicing Procedures"). 
Servicing Procedures 
The Borrower shall: 
(i). 
perform the servicing of the relevant Borrower Collateral Security Assets strictly in compliance with 
applicable laws and the applicable Servicing Procedures;

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(ii). 
use that degree of skill, care and attention in accordance with the Servicing Procedures with respect to the 
servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets which it uses with respect to the servicing of its 
assets for its own account; 
(iii). 
observe and comply in all material respects with all requirements of the law applicable to it and the 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets and to the instructions as may be given to it by other parties with 
respect to the servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets; 
(iv). 
not materially alter the Servicing Procedures without the consent of each other parties (such consent not 
to be unreasonably withheld); and 
(v). 
refrain from taking any action which would result in an interference with the Issuer's material rights under 
the the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
Asset Report 
The Borrower shall provide each other parties to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement (with a copy to the 
Rating Agency) with: 
(i). 
no later than 12 p.m. (Paris time) on each Asset Cover Test Date, an Asset Report which shall be up-to-
date as on the last day of the preceding calendar month;  
(ii). 
on any Selection Date and/or Interim Selection Date provided that additional, substituted or released 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets are selected by the Borrower for inclusion in and/or exclusion from 
the scope of the Borrower Collateral Security, an Asset Report up-to-date as on such Selection Date and/or 
Interim Selection Date; 
(iii). 
promptly upon the request of any such of such parties while a Borrower Event of Default has occurred, 
an Asset Report up-to-date as at the date which shall have been specified in such request; and 
(iv). 
at any time subject to giving reasonable prior written notice (except upon the occurrence of a Borrower 
Event of Default in which case such notice is not required) and in order to control compliance under the 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement or for any audit purposes, such additional information as any 
such parties may reasonably require with reasonable prior notice (except upon the occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default in which case such notice is not required) in connection with any Asset Report 
or the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. 
Asset Records 
The Borrower shall: 
(i). 
in accordance with the Servicing Procedures, establish and maintain or cause to be established and 
maintained at all times accurate, complete and up-to-date Asset Records using a degree of skill and care 
consistent with the servicing and administration procedures of its own assets; 
(ii). 
in administering the Asset Records, use or cause to be used the degree of skill and care that it exercises 
with respect to comparable records that it administers for its own account; and 
(iii). 
maintain or cause to be maintained the Asset Records at its offices or at any third party servicer's offices 
across France. 
Where: 
"Asset Records" means: 
(i). 
the electronic and manual records, files, internal data, books and all other information (including 
information stored in information systems) related to the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, together 
with the underlying contracts and other documents evidencing title of the relevant entity to such assets 
(including, with respect to Home Loans, the related Home Loan Security); and

--- Page 135 ---
135 
(ii). 
the records, files, internal data, computer systems and all other information related to the Collection 
Accounts and the operation of the same; 
"Collection Accounts" means any and all bank accounts opened in the name of the Borrower to collect interest 
and principal paid under the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral Security, as specified from 
time to time to the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement; 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Borrower has made customary representations, warranties and undertakings in favour of the Issuer, such 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement 
and continuing until satisfaction in full of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement following the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the transfer of full title (remise en pleine propriété) of the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets shall become definitive and the Lender/Issuer shall be definitively vested without any 
formality in all the rights of title, all discretions, benefits and all other rights of the Borrower with respect to the 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets, related Asset Records and related documents, including, without any 
formality whatsoever, all rights of title, all discretions, benefits and all other rights in relation to any right, 
privilege, guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as the case 
may be attached to the Borrower Collateral Security Assets (and, in particular, the relevant Home Loan Security) 
whatever the value of Collateral Security Assets at the time of enforcement but subject to the repayment claim 
(créance de restitution) of the Borrower against the Issuer provided for in the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement. In particular, with immediate effect as from the service to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice in respect of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets: 
(i). 
the Borrower shall no longer be entitled to service the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and shall 
refrain from taking any action whatsoever in connection with the Borrower Collateral Security Assets or 
vis-à-vis the Debtors, except upon the written prior instructions of the Issuer, the Administrator or any 
representative, agent or expert acting on the Issuer's or the Administrator's behalf; 
(ii). 
the Administrator acting on behalf of the Issuer or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its 
behalf, shall: 
a) 
exercise all its rights, discretions, privileges and remedies under the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets or any related documents; and/or 
b) 
enforce all its rights, discretions, privileges and remedies under the Home Loan Security and the 
other guarantees and security interest ancillary or attached to any or all Borrower Collateral 
Security Assets; and/or 
c) 
serve a notice to any or all the Debtors under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, 
mentioning the new payment instructions to be observed by the same with respect to the payment 
of sums due under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and/or the related Asset Contractual 
Documentation. 
For the purpose hereof: 
"Asset Contractual Documentation" means, in relation to any Borrower Collateral Security Asset, all originals 
or executive or true copies (copies exécutoires or bordereaux d'inscription) of any contract, instrument or other 
document (such as riders, waivers and amendments) providing for the terms and conditions of, and/or evidencing 
title and benefit to, such Borrower Collateral Security Asset and any right, privilege, guarantee or security interest

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as the case may be attached thereto (and, in particular, 
the relevant Home Loan Security). 
Conditions of enforcement 
Enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security following delivery of the Borrower Enforcement Notice shall 
not require the Issuer observing or undertaking, in exercising its rights as a secured party under the Borrower 
Security Agreement, any formality whatsoever (including the requirement to obtain a court order or conduct an 
auction), any notification requirements whatsoever (whether to the Borrower or to any other person) nor any 
other procedures, (provided that, in order to direct payments due under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
to the Issuer, a notice shall be served to any or all the debtors and all other relevant entities under the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets, mentioning the new payment instructions to be observed by the same with respect to 
the payment of sums due under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and/or the related Asset Contractual 
Documentation. 
No right of the Issuer to enforce its rights under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement shall be in any 
manner affected or limited by any Insolvency Event with respect to the Borrower. 
Borrower's obligations upon enforcement 
With immediate effect as from the service to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and upon the 
instructions of any Enforcing Party, the Borrower shall: 
(i). 
deliver such Asset Records and related documents to the enforcing party to such place as the same may 
reasonably designate; 
(ii). 
allow to the enforcing party reasonable access to its facilities, premises, computer and/or software 
systems; and 
(iii). 
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall have been 
appointed as Substitute Administrator in replacement of the Administrator to take over its duties in such 
capacity. 
Application of proceeds 
Once the Issuer shall have been definitively vested in all rights of title, discretions, benefits and other rights with 
respect to any Borrower Collateral Security Asset (and, as the case may be, moneys standing to the Collection 
Loss Reserve Account) following enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security, any enforcement proceeds 
(the "Enforcement Proceeds") received by the Issuer thereunder shall be held by the Issuer in its relevant 
accounts as cash collateral (gage-espèces) for the satisfaction in full of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. For the 
purpose of this cash collateral, the Issuer shall be hereby entitled not to segregate the Enforcement Proceeds from 
its other assets. 
As from the day upon which all sums due under any and all the Tranches and Series of Covered Bonds shall have 
been repaid in full and subject to the discharge in full of all the Borrower Secured Liabilities, the Borrower shall 
have the right to claim against the Issuer for repayment (créance de restitution) of the portion of the Enforcement 
Proceeds received by the Issuer and not applied to the satisfaction of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. Such 
repayment by the Issuer to the Borrower shall be made, subject to the applicable Priority Payment Order, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following such Borrower's claim. 
Limited recourse – Non petition 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement includes "Limited recourse" and "Non petition" provisions, as 
described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited recourse" and "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non 
petition".

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement without prior information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the 
interests of the Issuer or the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement may be amended, modified, altered or 
supplemented without prior information to the Rating Agency: 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement to any 
successor; 
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of the Borrower under the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement;  
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or 
(e) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
The Rating Agency shall be informed in advance of any amendment, modification, alteration of or supplement 
to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
Governing Law – Jurisdiction 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French 
law. The parties to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise 
in connection with the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of 
Paris. 
The Cash Collateral Agreement 
Background 
The Cash Collateral Agreement refers to the amended and restated agreement dated on or about the Transfer 
Effective Date and made between (i) the Issuer in its capacity as "Lender" and (ii) CCF in its capacity as "Cash 
Collateral Provider" (the "Cash Collateral Provider"), "Administrator" and "Issuer Calculation Agent" (the 
"Cash Collateral Agreement").  
Secured Liabilities  
The Cash Collateral Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the Cash Collateral Provider shall 
fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) (each, a "Cash Collateral") into the Cash Collateral 
Account and the Collection Loss Reserve Account. 
Creation and Perfection 
Any Cash Collateral shall be created upon credit of the corresponding sums into the Cash Collateral Account and 
the Collection Loss Reserve Account.  
The perfection of each Cash Collateral shall not be conditional upon any formality. Each Cash Collateral shall 
entail the transfer of title in favour of the Issuer with respect to the relevant cash funded into the Cash Collateral 
Account and the Collection Loss Reserve Account. 
The positive balance from time to time outstanding on the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection Loss 
Reserve Account shall at all times be kept and vested with the Issuer, form part of the Issuer's assets and be 
retained as continuing security for the satisfaction in full of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
Any such balance, at any time standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection Loss 
Reserve Account may be invested only in Permitted Investments whose maturity is earlier than the Final Maturity

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be). For the purpose of each Cash Collateral to be created 
hereunder, the Issuer shall be entitled not to segregate the funds credited to the Cash Collateral Account and the 
Collection Loss Reserve Account. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
The contractual liquidity test of the Issuer (the "Pre-Maturity Test") shall be deemed complied with for so long 
as, in relation to any and each Series of Covered Bonds, (i) no Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has 
occurred during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, and (ii) if, to the contrary, a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event 
has occurred during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, the Cash Collateral Provider has duly funded the Cash 
Collateral Account with the relevant Cash Collateral, up to the relevant CCRFA within thirty (30) Business Days 
from the receipt of the relevant Cash Collateral Funding Notice. 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall fund the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant Cash Collateral, up to the 
relevant Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount, upon the occurrence of the downgrading, during any Pre-
Maturity Test Period (as defined below), of the then applicable rating of the Borrower below the Pre-Maturity 
Rating Required Level (as defined below) (each, a "Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event"). The occurrence 
of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default 
or an Issuer Event of Default. 
The following credit rating with respect to the Borrower is defined as the "Pre-Maturity Rating Required 
Level" for the purposes of the Cash Collateral Agreement: A (long term) (S&P).  
Upon the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall inform the 
Cash Collateral Provider of the same within three (3) Business Days from such occurrence by written notice (the 
"Cash Collateral Funding Notice") delivered to the Cash Collateral Provider (with a copy to the Issuer, the 
Administrator and the Rating Agency). 
If a Cash Collateral Funding Notice is received by the Cash Collateral Provider, the Cash Collateral Provider 
shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount (the "Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount 
(CCRFA)") calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent as being equal to the Pre-Maturity Covered Bond 
Principal Amount in relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds + Pre-Maturity Costs in relation to relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds; 
whereby:  
"Pre-Maturity Costs" means the aggregate amount of fees, costs, expenses, taxes and other ancillary sums 
(excluding interest and principal amounts) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer on any Series of Covered Bonds 
within the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Period. 
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount" means the aggregate amount of principal of Covered Bonds 
(in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency), excluding the 
aggregate amount of principal of any Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, the Final Maturity Date of which falls 
during the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Period. 
"Pre-Maturity Test Period" is, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds (which is not a Series of Soft Bullet 
Covered Bonds), the period starting from, and excluding, the one hundred and eightieth (180th) calendar day 
preceding the Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and including, such Final Maturity Date.  
The failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund into the Cash Collateral Account the relevant CCRFA within 
thirty (30) Business Days from the receipt of a Cash Collateral Funding Notice shall constitute a "Breach of Pre-
Maturity Test". A Breach of Pre-Maturity Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
Collection Loss Trigger Event 
Means the downgrading of the Issuer Credit Rating of the Borrower (as defined under the relevant S&P credit 
rating methodology) below BBB (long term) by the Rating Agency (or any other credit rating determined by the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Issuer Calculation Agent after the date hereof in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating 
Agency) (a "Collection Loss Trigger Event") and within ten (10) Business Days from the occurrence of any 
Collection Loss Trigger Event, the Cash Collateral Provider shall be required (i) to pay into the credit of a bank 
account to be opened by the Administrator in accordance with the Administrative Agreement within such period 
in the Issuer's name and in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank (the "Collection Loss Reserve Account"), an 
amount in cash calculated in accordance with the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement that commensurate 
the relevant commingling risk, based on the greater of two (2) following amounts: (a) an amount equal to the 
contemplated collections to be received by the Borrower under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets during 
the following calendar month and (b) an amount equal to the sums due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds 
during the during the following calendar month and (ii) further, as long as the Collection Loss Trigger Event has 
not been remedied, to adjust, within ten (10) Business Days following each Asset Cover Test Date, the amount 
standing to the credit of this Collection Loss Reserve Account so that it is an amount equal to the greater of the 
two (2) preceding amounts, and any such adjustment shall be reported to the Issuer, the Administrator and the 
Issuer Calculation Agent (with a copy to the Rating Agency). 
All cash credited to the Collection Loss Reserve Account as described above shall be granted as Cash Collateral 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement and shall secure the 
Borrower Secured Liabilities as they become due and payable. 
Failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund the Collection Loss Reserve Account up to the required amount 
within the required period following the occurrence date of the Collection Loss Trigger Event in accordance 
with, and subject to, the relevant provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement shall constitute a "Breach of 
Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement". A Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement 
constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Cash Collateral Provider has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, 
the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Cash Collateral Agreement and 
continuing until satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement following the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) shall be entitled to 
apply to the repayment of the Secured Liabilities all sums standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account 
and the Collection Loss Reserve Account. 
Any sum remaining to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection Loss Reserve Account after 
satisfaction in full of the Borrower Secured Liabilities shall be promptly repaid to the Cash Collateral Provider. 
The Cash Collateral Provider will benefit from the Privilège for the repayment of any amounts constituting any 
Cash Collateral. The Cash Collateral Provider will thus be qualified as a Privileged Creditor. 
With immediate effect as from the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and upon the instructions of each 
of the Issuer, the Administrator or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf (each, an 
"Enforcing Party"), the Cash Collateral Provider shall: 
(a) 
execute any document, take whatever action and do all such things required in order to perfect, or any 
other action that the Enforcing Party deems necessary for the purpose of perfecting, the Issuer's rights 
hereunder; and 
(b) 
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall have been 
appointed as Substitute Administrator in replacement of the Administrator to take over its duties in such 
capacity.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Conditions of enforcement 
Enforcement requires no other formality whatsoever (including the necessity to obtain a court order or conduct 
an auction), any notification requirements (to the Borrower, the Cash Collateral Provider or any other person) 
nor any other procedures. No right of the Issuer to enforce its rights under the Cash Collateral Agreement shall 
be in any manner affected or limited by any Insolvency Event with respect to the Cash Collateral Provider or the 
Borrower. 
Release without discharge 
In respect of each Cash Collateral funded pursuant to the terms hereof, the Cash Collateral Provider shall have 
the right to request from the Issuer the release of such Cash Collateral under the following circumstances (each, 
a "Release Without Discharge Event"): 
(a) 
while such Cash Collateral has been funded upon a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the Borrower 
regains the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Level; or 
(b) 
if, on a given date, (i) the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account 
exceeds the applicable CCRFA or (ii) the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of each of the 
Collection Loss Reserve Account exceeds the amount that must be funded in each such accounts pursuant 
to the relevant terms hereof (each, a "Cash Collateral Excess").  
Upon any release request by the Cash Collateral Provider following the occurrence of a Release Without 
Discharge Event, the Issuer shall release the relevant Cash Collateral and repay to the Cash Collateral Provider 
(i) the full amount thereof if the release is given following a Release Without Discharge Event mentioned in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above, or (ii) an amount equal to the Cash Collateral Excess if the release is given 
following a Release Without Discharge Event mentioned in paragraph (c) above. Any release and repayment 
made as mentioned above shall not deemed a discharge of the Cash Collateral Provider with respect to its 
obligations to fund further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Final release and discharge 
The Issuer shall, at the request and cost of the Cash Collateral Provider, give final release with respect to all Cash 
Collateral, cancel the security created under the Cash Collateral Agreement and discharge the Cash Collateral 
Provider from all its obligations to fund any further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral 
Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events all sums due under any and all the Tranches and 
Series of Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full and the Secured Liabilities have been entirely and 
definitively discharged in full (independently of any intermediate or partial discharges. 
In connection with the final release and cancellation described above, the Issuer shall do all such acts and things, 
at the cost of the Cash Collateral Provider, as are reasonably requested by the Cash Collateral Provider in order 
to release and cancel the security created hereunder and discharge the Cash Collateral Provider from all its 
obligations to fund any further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Limited recourse – Non petition 
The Cash Collateral Agreement includes "Limited recourse" and "Non petition" provisions, as described in "The 
Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited recourse" and "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-petition". 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Cash Collateral Agreement without 
prior information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the interest of the Issuer or 
the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Cash Collateral Agreement may be amended, modified, altered or supplemented 
without prior information to the Rating Agency:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to the Cash Collateral Agreement to any successor; 
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral 
Agreement;  
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or 
(e) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
Governing Law – Jurisdiction 
The Cash Collateral Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. The Issuer 
and the Cash Collateral Provider have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with the Cash 
Collateral Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
ASSET MONITORING 
Under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred 
and been enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the 
Borrower shall monitor the Borrower Collateral Security Assets so as to ensure compliance with an asset cover 
test (the "Asset Cover Test"). 
Under the SFH Legal Framework, the Specific Controller shall monitor the Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
so as to ensure compliance with a Minimum Legal Cover Ratio (the "Minimum Legal Cover Ratio"). 
Under the Cash Collateral Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred and been 
enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower, 
as Cash Collateral Provider, shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount determined in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Borrower Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Under Condition 5(e) and following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH 
(France)) (the "Issuer") shall ensure compliance with an amortisation test (the "Amortisation Test").  
The Asset Cover Test 
The following terms shall have the following definitions: 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means: 
(a) 
in the event of a Selection Date, such Selection Date; 
(b) 
in the event of the issuance of a Series or a Tranche of Covered Bonds, such issuance date; or 
(c) 
otherwise, a day which must fall between the 15th Business Day and the last Business Day (both included) 
of each calendar month; 
The first Asset Cover Test Date shall be the date of the first issue of Covered Bonds by the Issuer under the 
Programme. 
"Asset Cover Test Calculation Date" means the last day of every calendar month. 
"Asset Cover Test Calculation Notice" means the notice sent by the Issuer Calculation Agent to the Issuer on 
each Asset Cover Test Date and providing for, in particular, the Asset Cover Ratio on any relevant Asset Cover 
Test Date. 
"Asset Cover Test Calculation Period" means, each period starting on, and including, the immediately 
preceding Asset Cover Test Date, and ending on, and excluding such Asset Cover Test Date. 
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test requires compliance with the asset cover ratio R specified below (the 
"Asset Cover Ratio"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from time to time subject to, 
and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and the Calculation 
Services Agreement.  
The Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
"R" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one at each Asset Cover Test Date: 
R = 
 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date, the 
aggregate amount of principal (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a 
Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds. 




Amount
  
Principal
 
g
Outstandin
Bond
Covered
Aggregate
(AAAA)
Amount 
Asset 
 
Aggregate
Adjusted

--- Page 143 ---
143 
"Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date:  
 (AAAA) = A + B + C + D 
whereby: 
"A" means the lower of "A1" and "A2". 
"A1" is equal to the sum of all Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant Home Loans 
(see section entitled "The Borrower Collateral Security" for a description of the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria) 
during the most recently completed Asset Cover Test Calculation Period, as such Adjusted Home Loan 
Outstanding Principal Amounts will be calculated on the relevant Asset Cover Test Date, whereby:  
"Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home 
Loan granted as Borrower Collateral Security, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Home Loan minus the Applicable 
Deemed Reductions; and 
(ii) 
the LTV Cut-Off Percentage of the Indexed Valuation relating to such Relevant Home Loan minus 
the Applicable Deemed Reductions. 
"Applicable Deemed Reductions" means, with respect to any Relevant Home Loan, the aggregate sum 
of the financial losses incurred by the Borrower with respect to such Relevant Home Loan to the extent 
that such financial losses have been incurred as a direct result of a material breach of the Servicing 
Procedures by the Borrower during the applicable Asset Cover Test Calculation Period (see section 
entitled "The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement – Asset Servicing" for a description of the 
Servicing Procedures).  
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home Loan, the 
amount of principal outstanding at the relevant Asset Cover Test Date under such Relevant Home Loan 
(in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Home Loans denominated in a Specified Currency). 
"Index" means (i) with respect to properties located in France (except in the Ile de France's district), the 
index of increases of prices issued by the INSEE and named "Indice trimestriel du prix des logements 
anciens – Province – Appartements / Maisons", or (ii) with respect to properties located in the Ile de 
France district, the index of increases of prices issued by the INSEE and named "Indice trimestriel du 
prix des logements anciens – Ile de France – Appartements / Maisons". 
"Indexed Valuation" means, at any date in relation to any Relevant Home Loan secured over any 
property: 
(i) 
where the Original Market Value of that property is equal to or greater than the Price Indexed 
Valuation as at that date, the Price Indexed Valuation; or 
(ii) 
where the Original Market Value of that property is less than the Price Indexed Valuation as at 
that date, the Original Market Value plus eighty per cent. (80%) of the difference between the 
Price Indexed Valuation and the Original Market Value. 
"LTV Cut-Off Percentage" means: 
(i) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Mortgage; or 
(ii) 
one hundred per cent. (100%), for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Home Loan Guarantee 
issued by Crédit Logement or any other eligible credit institution, financing company or insurance 
company.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
"Original Foreclosure Value" in relation to any property, means the purchase price of such property or 
(as applicable) the most recent valuation of such property, as disclosed to the Borrower by the relevant 
debtor under the related Relevant Home Loan. 
"Original Market Value" in relation to any property, means the Original Foreclosure Value divided by 
one. 
"Price Indexed Valuation" in relation to any property at any date, means the Original Market Value of 
that property increased or decreased as appropriate by the increase or decrease in the Index since the date 
of the Original Market Value. 
"Relevant Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Asset Cover Test Date, any Home Loan from 
which Home Loan Receivables have been granted as Borrower Collateral Security, excluding Home 
Loans which do not comply any more with the applicable Home Loan Eligibility Criteria. 
"A2" is equal to the sum of all unadjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant 
Home Loans minus the Applicable Deemed Reductions (as defined above) of all such Relevant Home 
Loans multiplied by the applicable Asset Percentage, whereby: 
"Asset Percentage" means the lowest of (i) the Legal Asset Percentage and (ii) such percentage as most 
recently determined by the Issuer Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) and notified to the 
Issuer and the Borrower that is necessary to ensure the Covered Bonds maintain the then current rating 
assigned to them by the Rating Agency, or any other percentage agreed by the Issuer and the Borrower, 
subject to prior written notice to the Rating Agency and provided that such change in the percentage does 
not constitute a Rating Adverse Event (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" – "Termination"). 
"Legal Asset Percentage" means the ratio of one divided by one hundred and five per cent (105%). 
"B" is equal to the aggregate amount of cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, as reported 
by the Borrower in the relevant Asset Report. 
"C" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Eligible Substitution Assets held by the Issuer (the 
"Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA)") provided that, the amount of the Aggregate 
Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA) (whatever such amount is at any Asset Cover Test Date) shall in 
any event account only for up to twenty per cent. (20%) of the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) for 
the purposes hereof. The Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA) shall be reported by the 
Borrower in the relevant Asset Report. Eligible Substitution Assets will be valued on the last Business Day of 
the calendar month immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their mark-
to-market value at a discount based on a methodology agreed with the Rating Agency. 
For the purposes of the above calculation, an "Eligible Substitution Asset" is: 
(a) 
any Other Legally Eligible Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which is a Euro or (y) another 
Specified Currency demand or time deposit, certificate of deposit, long-term debt obligation or short-
term debt obligation (including commercial paper) provided that such investment has a remaining period 
to maturity of one (1) year or less and (aa) for investments with a remaining maturity date of sixty (60) 
days or less, is rated at least A-1 (short term) or A (long term) by the Rating Agency and (bb) for 
investments with a remaining maturity date of three hundred and sixty five (365) days or less, is rated 
A-1+ (short term) or at least AA- (long term) by the Rating Agency; or 
(b) 
(x) any Other Legally Eligible Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which is a Euro or (y) another 
Specified Currency denominated government and public securities, provided that such investment has 
a remaining maturity of one (1) year or less and (aa) for investments with a remaining maturity date of 
sixty (60) days or less, is rated at least A-1 (short term) or A (long term) by the Rating Agency and (bb) 
for investments with a remaining maturity date of three hundred and sixty five (365) days or less, is 
rated A-1+ (short term) or at least AA- (long term) by the Rating Agency; or

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(c) 
any Other Legally Eligible Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which complies with the 
applicable criteria determined in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agency. 
"D" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Permitted Investments, as determined by the Issuer 
Accounts Bank (or the Administrator on its behalf) and reported to the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Issuer Accounts Agreement. Permitted Investments will be valued on the last Business Day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their mark-to-market value at 
a discount based on a methodology agreed with the Rating Agency.  
Calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
On each Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Ratio (R) shall be calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent 
according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Asset Cover Test Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer and the Borrower (with a copy to the Rating Agency and the Specific Controller) of its 
calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio (R). 
Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test 
Non-compliance with the Asset Cover Test (the "Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test") would result from 
the Asset Cover Test Ratio (R) being strictly less than one. 
Remedies 
Upon Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Borrower shall: 
(a) 
grant additional Eligible Assets as Borrower Collateral Security pursuant to the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, on each Selection Date prior to the next following Asset Cover 
Test Date; and/or 
(b) 
release Borrower Collateral Security Assets from the Borrower Collateral Security pursuant to the 
relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, on each Selection Date prior to the next 
following Asset Cover Test Date; 
in each case, as necessary to cure such Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test. 
A Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test does not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Borrower Event of Default. However, it will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series as long as it 
remains unremedied except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
Breach of Asset Cover Test  
The failure by the Borrower to cure a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test occurred on any Asset Cover Test 
Date prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" within 
the meaning of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. The Issuer Calculation Agent will promptly inform 
the Issuer and the Borrower (with a copy to the Rating Agency and the Specific Controller) of its calculation of 
the Asset Cover Ratio and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test.  
A Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test will not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but will prevent 
the Issuer from issuing any further Series except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held 
Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Reporting Undertaking in respect of Bondholders 
So as to comply with the requirements of Article 129 (7) of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, the Issuer undertakes to make available to the Bondholders on a 
quarterly basis an investor report including at least the following information: 
(i) 
the value of (a) the Eligible Assets and Eligible Substitution Assets and (b) the outstanding Covered 
Bonds, both calculated as at the most recent Asset Cover Test Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
the geographical distribution and type of Eligible Assets and Eligible Substitution Assets, Home Loan 
Receivables size, interest rate and currency risks, each as at the most recent Asset Cover Test Calculation 
Date; 
(iii) 
the maturity structure of these Eligible Assets and Eligible Substitution Assets and of the Covered Bonds; 
and 
(iv) 
the percentage of Home Loan Receivables more than ninety days past due, calculated as at the most recent 
Asset Cover Test Calculation Date; 
The Minimum Legal Cover Ratio 
The Issuer, as a société de financement de l'habitat, must at all times maintain a cover ratio between its eligible 
assets (including so-called substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement)) and its liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège (the "Legal Cover Ratio"). In accordance with the French SFH Legal Framework on the date hereof, 
and in particular pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the sociétés de financement de l'habitat (SFH) such as the Issuer must at all times 
maintain a Legal Cover Ratio equal to at least one hundred and five per cent. (105%) (the "Minimum Legal 
Cover Ratio"). 
Regulation No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et 
Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) defines the way the Legal Cover Ratio is calculated. 
In the case of the Issuer, the ratio's denominator (Article 8) is comprised of the Covered Bonds and the other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, including any amount due under the agreement referred to in Article 
L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) or derivative instruments 
benefiting from the Privilège. The ratio's numerator (Article 9) is made up of the Issuer's assets (weighted to 
reflect their category) and, in accordance with Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), shall take into account the Home Loan Receivables granted as Borrower Collateral 
Security. 
The Specific Controller ensures that the Minimum Legal Cover Ratio is complied with. 
To carry out its duties, the Specific Controller will be given access by the Issuer to any information that allows 
confirmation of compliance with the Minimum Legal Cover Ratio (as described in section entitled "The Issuer").  
The Issuer must publish the calculation of its actual Minimum Legal Cover Ratio twice a year, on each 30 June 
and 31 December. 
Non-compliance by the Issuer with the Minimum Legal Cover Ratio shall constitute a "Breach of Minimum 
Legal Cover Ratio". The Specific Controller is legally responsible for notifying promptly the Issuer and the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) of the occurrence of a Breach of Minimum Legal Cover 
Ratio. Upon such notification, the Issuer shall then notify the Borrower, the Rating Agency and the Issuer 
Calculation Agent of the same. 
A Breach of Minimum Legal Cover Ratio does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default or 
an Issuer Event of Default. However, it may trigger the withdrawal of the license of the Issuer as a société de 
financement de l'habitat.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
With respect to the Issuer, the "Other Legally Eligible Assets" are the liquid assets referred to in Articles L.513-
7, R.513-6 and R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as they may be amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time. 
The Pre-Maturity Test 
Downgrading below the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Level 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall fund the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant Cash Collateral, up to the 
relevant Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount, upon the occurrence of the downgrading, during any Pre-
Maturity Test Period (as defined below), of the then applicable rating of the Borrower below the Pre-Maturity 
Rating Required Level (as defined below) (each, a "Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event"). The occurrence 
of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default 
or an Issuer Event of Default. 
The following credit rating with respect to the Borrower is defined as the "Pre-Maturity Rating Required 
Level": A (long term) (S&P). 
Upon the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall inform the 
Cash Collateral Provider of the same within three (3) Business Days from such occurrence by written notice (the 
"Cash Collateral Funding Notice") delivered to the Cash Collateral Provider (with a copy to the Issuer, the 
Administrator and the Rating Agency). 
Remedies 
If a Cash Collateral Funding Notice is received by the Cash Collateral Provider, the Cash Collateral Provider 
shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount (the "Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount 
(CCRFA)") calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent as being equal to the Pre-Maturity Covered Bond 
Principal Amount in relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds + Pre-Maturity Costs in relation to relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds; 
whereby: 
"Pre-Maturity Costs" means the aggregate amount of fees, costs, expenses, taxes and other ancillary sums 
(excluding interest and principal amounts) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer on any Series of Covered Bonds 
within the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Period. 
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount" means the aggregate amount of principal of Covered Bonds 
(in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency), excluding the 
aggregate amount of principal of any Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, the Final Maturity Date of which falls 
during the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Period. 
"Pre-Maturity Test Period" means with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds (which is not a Series of Soft 
Bullet Covered Bonds), the period starting from, and excluding, the one hundred and eightieth (180th) calendar 
day preceding the Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and including, such Final Maturity Date. 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Test 
The failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund into the Cash Collateral Account the relevant CCRFA within 
thirty (30) Business Days from the receipt of a Cash Collateral Funding Notice shall constitute a "Breach of Pre-
Maturity Test". A Breach of Pre-Maturity Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
The Amortisation Test 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms 
of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the Amortisation Test in accordance 
with Condition 5 (e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
For the purpose of the determination of the Amortisation Ratio, the following terms shall have the following 
definitions: 
"Amortisation Test Date" means the twentieth (20th) day following each Amortisation Test Calculation Date or 
such earlier date as the Administrator and the Issuer Calculation Agent shall specify (or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day). 
"Amortisation Test Calculation Period" means each period starting on, and including, the immediately 
preceding Amortisation Test Date, and ending on, and excluding such Amortisation Test Date. Compliance with 
the Amortisation Test requires compliance with the amortisation ratio RA specified below (the "Amortisation 
Ratio (RA)"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from time to time throughout the period 
following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance with the Condition 5 (e) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Calculation Services Agreement. 
The Amortisation Ratio 
"RA" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one at each Amortisation Test Date: 
RA = 




ACBOPA
TAAA'
 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount (ACBOPA)" means, at any Amortisation Test 
Date, the aggregate amount of principal (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated 
in a Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds.  
"Transferred Aggregate Asset Amount (TAAA)" means, at any Amortisation Test Date:  
(TAAA) = A' + B + C + D + E 
whereby: 
"A'" is equal to the sum of all "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" of all Home Loans, title 
to which has been definitively transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security 
following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default (each, a "Relevant Transferred Home Loan"), as 
such "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" will be calculated on the relevant Amortisation 
Test Calculation Date, whereby: 
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Transferred Home 
Loan, the amount of principal outstanding at the relevant Amortisation Test Date under such Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan; 
"Relevant Transferred Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Amortisation Test Date, any Home 
Loan from which Home Loan Receivables have been granted as Borrower Collateral Security provided 
that title to such Home Loan Receivables has been definitively transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement 
of the Borrower Collateral Security following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default; and 
"Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan, the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Transferred 
Home Loan (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Home Loans denominated in a Specified 
Currency) multiplied by M, where for all the Relevant Transferred Home Loans that are less than three 
(3) months in arrears, M = 1 and for all the Relevant Transferred Home Loans that are three (3) months 
or more in arrears, M = 0.7. 
"B", "C" and "D" have the meaning ascribed to such terms, and shall be determined, on each relevant 
Amortisation Test Date, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and formula described in "The Asset Cover 
Test" above.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
"E" is equal to the aggregate amount of principal and interest payments, distributions, indemnities, insurance 
and other proceeds, payments under any Home Loan Security and other sums received during the applicable 
Amortisation Test Calculation Period by the Issuer from the debtors or other relevant entities under the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets whose title has been definitively transferred to the Issuer following enforcement of 
the Borrower Collateral Security, as the same shall be reported by the Issuer Calculation Agent on each 
Amortisation Test Date subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Calculation Services 
Agreement. 
Calculation of the Amortisation Ratio 
On each Amortisation Test Date, the Amortisation Ratio (RA) shall be calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent 
according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
 No later than three (3) Business Days following any Amortisation Test Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer (with a copy to the Rating Agency) of its calculation of the Amortisation Ratio (RA). 
Non-Compliance with Amortisation Test 
A "Non-Compliance with Amortisation Test" will result from the Amortisation Ratio (RA) being strictly less 
than one. 
A Non-Compliance with Amortisation Test will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series, except for the 
purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
The failure by the Issuer to cure a Non-Compliance with Amortisation Test occurred on any Amortisation Test 
Date prior to the next following Amortisation Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Amortisation Test". The 
Issuer Calculation Agent will inform promptly the Issuer, each relevant Representative (with a copy to the Rating 
Agency) of the occurrence of a Breach of Amortisation Test. 
A Breach of Amortisation Test constitutes the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
The Calculation Services Agreement 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Background 
The "Calculation Services Agreement" refers to the amended and restated agreement dated on or about the 
Transfer Effective Date and entered into between (i) the Issuer, in its capacity as "Lender" and (ii) CCF, in its 
capacity as "Issuer Calculation Agent" (the "Issuer Calculation Agent"). 
Purpose 
Under the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer appoints CCF as its servicer for the purposes of any 
calculation and determinations to be made under the Programme Documents (but excluding all calculation and 
determinations to be made with respect to the Series of Covered Bonds, such calculation and determinations to 
be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under the Issuer Agency Agreement). The Issuer 
Calculation Agent will always act in the best and exclusive interest of the Issuer. 
Duties of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation Agent will inter alia undertake to do:  
(a) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Borrower Facility Agreement, including, but not limited to, any 
interest and principal amounts and the effective global rate (taux effectif global); 
(b) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, including, but not 
limited to, the Asset Cover Test (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring");

--- Page 150 ---
150 
(c) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Cash Collateral Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Pre-
Maturity Test and make the other calculations provided for in the Cash Collateral Agreement with respect 
to the funding of the Collection Loss Reserve Account (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring");  
(d) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Amortisation Test (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring"). 
Substitution and Agency 
The Issuer Calculation Agent may not assign its rights and obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement 
but will have the right to be assisted by, to appoint, or to substitute for itself, any third party in the performance 
of certain or all its tasks under the Calculation Services Agreement, provided that: 
(a) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those tasks and, 
with respect to the Issuer only, the relevant third party has expressly waived any right to any contractual 
claim against the Issuer; and  
(b) 
the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Issuer Calculation 
Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Issuer Calculation Agent to the Issuer under the Calculation 
Services Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the Issuer Calculation Agent a servicing fee computed subject to, and 
in accordance with, the provisions of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Issuer Calculation Agent will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other amounts that 
might be due to it by the Issuer under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer Calculation Agent has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the 
Issuer, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Calculation Services 
Agreement and continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation Agent undertakes to hold harmless and 
fully and effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses 
(including legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a 
consequence of the occurrence of any default by the Issuer Calculation Agent in its performance of any of its 
obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
The Issuer Calculation Agent will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Issuer Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, except: 
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Calculation Services Agreement will no 
longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the Calculation 
Services Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty (180) days from the 
receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Issuer Calculation Agent,  
such resignation being effective on the date upon which (i) the event in paragraph (a) above occurs; or (ii) one 
hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the date of delivery of the notice referred to in paragraph (b) above. 
Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults 
Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults will occur upon inter alia the occurrence of the following events:

--- Page 151 ---
151 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Calculation Agent is incorrect or misleading 
in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) 
Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Calculation Agent or (if sooner) the 
Issuer Calculation Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies 
that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Calculation 
Services Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business 
Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Calculation Agent or (if sooner) the Issuer 
Calculation Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Calculation Agent; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Calculation Agent to perform or comply with any or 
all of its material obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement or any or all of its material 
obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent's Default has occurred, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
occurrence promptly after becoming aware of it. 
Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer in 
writing of the occurrence of the Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event within five (5) Business Days 
from the date upon which it becomes aware of such event and this will constitute a termination event under the 
Calculation Services Agreement. 
For such purposes, "Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which the 
counterparty risk assessment of the Issuer Calculation Agent become rated below BB by S&P. 
Termination 
"Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Events" under the Calculation Services Agreement will include the 
following events: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any Issuer Calculation Agent's Default; 
(b) 
the occurrence of the Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default; or  
(d) 
the resignation from its duties and obligations. 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Issuer 
Calculation Agent under the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice 
to the Issuer Calculation Agent (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Issuer Calculation Agent of 
the Notice of Termination and save for any continuing obligations of the Issuer Accounts Bank contained in this 
Agreement and provided that the duties and obligations of the Issuer Accounts Bank under this Agreement shall 
continue until the Service Termination Date, the appointment of the Issuer Accounts Bank under this Agreement 
shall terminate with effect on the date on which the Issuer Accounts Bank has been replaced under this Agreement 
(the "Service Termination Date"), it being provided that the Issuer shall take all necessary steps so that such 
replacement occurs no later than thirty (30) Business Days as from the receipt by the Issuer Accounts Bank of 
the Notice of Termination. 
Upon the resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent, or termination of its appointment as Issuer Calculation 
Agent hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer shall 
replace CCF as Issuer Calculation Agent, by any legal entity (the "Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent"), the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
choice of which not being likely to constitute a Rating Adverse Event (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" 
– "Termination"). Upon its appointment and unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer (but provided it is not likely 
to constitute a Rating Adverse Event (as defined in section entitled "The Issuer" – "Termination")), the 
Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, as described 
under the Calculation Services Agreement; 
(b) 
together with the Issuer Calculation Agent, take all steps necessary to replace the Issuer Calculation Agent 
in all rights and obligations arisen from the Programme Documents the Issuer Calculation Agent is a party 
and, for such purposes, become a party, as Issuer Calculation Agent, to any relevant Programme 
Documents to which the Issuer Calculation Agent is a party. 
Notwithstanding its resignation or the termination of its appointment in accordance with the terms of the Issuer 
Calculation Services Agreement and notwithstanding any other provision of the Issuer Calculation Services 
Agreement, the duties of the Issuer Calculation Agent under the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement shall 
continue and the Issuer Calculation Agent shall continue to be bound by all its obligations thereto until the earlier 
of (i) its replacement as Issuer Calculation Agent, and (ii) the termination of the Issuer Calculation Services 
Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
Term and Termination of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement 
The Issuer Calculation Services Agreement shall remain in effect for an initial period of ten (10) years and shall 
be automatically renewed for additional ten-year period unless a party thereto notifies to the others its intention 
to terminate the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period or 
the additional periods, as the case may be. 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation 
Services Agreement shall terminate: 
(a) 
on its scheduled term as defined above; 
(b) 
if earlier than its scheduled term, if the Issuer and any Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent agree in writing 
to cease to be bound by the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement and execute another agreement for the 
performance of the services contemplated by the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its scheduled term and upon failure to replace the Issuer Calculation Agent (i) the last day 
of the sixty (60) Business Days period starting on the date of resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent, 
or (ii) the last day of the thirty (30) Business Days period starting on the date a Notice of Termination is 
delivered to the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
The termination of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the 
termination of the appointment of CCF as Issuer Calculation Agent or any substitute Accounts Bank thereunder 
on the relevant termination date of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement. 
Limited recourse – Non petition 
The Calculation Services Agreement includes "Limited recourse" and "Non petition" provisions, as described in 
sections entitled "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited recourse" and "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – 
Non petition". 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Calculation Services Agreement 
without prior information to the Rating Agency if the same materially and adversely affects the interests of the 
Issuer or the Bondholders.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Services Agreement may be amended, modified, altered or 
supplemented without prior information to the Rating Agency: 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to the Calculation Services Agreement to any successor; 
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of the Issuer Calculation Agent under the Calculation 
Services Agreement;  
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations; or 
(e) 
to reflect amendments that are directly related to, or consequential from, the Transfer. 
Governing Law – Jurisdiction 
The Calculation Services Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. The 
Issuer and the Issuer Calculation Agent have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with the 
Calculation Services Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
CASH FLOW 
Cash management 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator will assist CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH 
(France)) (the "Issuer") in operating its bank accounts, the management and investment of its available cash in 
Permitted Investments in accordance with the relevant Permitted Investments rules, and any other matters in 
relation to the management of its bank accounts and funds so as to ensure that the Issuer will at all times comply 
with the provisions of the Programme Documents.  
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement and subject to and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds, the Administrator will invest any cash standing from time to time to the credit of the Issuer 
Cash Accounts pending application in accordance with the Priority Payment Orders (see section entitled "Cash 
Flow - Priority Payment Orders"), in instruments which qualify as "Permitted Investments" (as defined in 
section entitled "The Issuer" – "The Administrative Agreement"). 
Issuer Accounts 
Available Funds of the Issuer will be from time to time credited and debited by the Administrator on behalf of 
the Issuer into the Issuer Cash Accounts opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank (see section entitled 
"The Issuer – The Issuer Accounts Agreement" for a further description of the Issuer Accounts). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Available Funds" means: 
(a) 
in the absence of service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice 
has been served to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds from the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement; 
(ii) 
cash standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account or the Share Capital Proceeds Account 
(including proceeds from Permitted Investments invested with such cash (if any)); 
(iii) 
any Cash Collateral (if any) standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the 
Collection Loss Reserve Account (including proceeds from Permitted Investments invested with 
any such Cash Collateral (if any)); and 
(iv) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer from the 
debtors under the Other Legally Eligible Assets and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account. 
(b) 
following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and enforcement of the Borrower Collateral 
Security (and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer 
or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer following 
service of a notice to any or all debtors under the Home Loans mentioning the new payment 
instructions to be observed by the same with respect to the payment of sums due under the Home 
Loans and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation and standing to the credit of the Issuer 
General Account; 
(ii) 
insurance proceeds and other proceeds (other than the proceeds mentioned in (i) above) received 
by the Issuer under the Home Loans and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(iii) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer from the 
debtors under the Other Legally Eligible Assets and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account;

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(iv) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or otherwise) of 
the Home Loan Receivables and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(v) 
proceeds from the enforcement of any Home Loan Security (if any) and standing to the credit of 
the Issuer General Account; 
(vi) 
cash from Permitted Investments (if any) standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(vii) 
cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection Loss Reserve 
Account; 
(viii) cash standing to the credit of the Share Capital Proceeds Account; and 
(ix) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or otherwise) of 
all other eligible assets of the Issuer and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account. 
Priority Payment Orders 
Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the absence of service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice and in the absence of service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice, on any Payment Date and 
(as applicable) Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of each relevant series 
of Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer 
Accounts Bank to debit the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer Securities 
Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the 
Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The Administrator (on behalf of 
the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying 
Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer on such date, in 
the following Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order: 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Interest Amounts then 
due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all principal amounts 
then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds;  
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of the amounts then due and payable 
by the Issuer to (a) the Administrator under Clauses 8, 9 and 10 of the Administrative Agreement, if any, 
and (b) the servicer under the servicing agreement pursuant to which the servicing of the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets would be carried out by this new servicer in accordance with Article L.513-15 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as the case may be; 
(iv) 
fourthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due 
and payable by the Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, only after and subject to the payment of any due and payable amounts due to the Issuer's creditors 
under item (i) to item (vi) hereabove (the "Privileged Creditors"), (a) the Issuer's liability, if any, to 
taxation, and (b) any costs, expenses, fees, remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) and any other 
amounts payable by the Issuer to any relevant entity in connection with the holding of any meeting of 
Bondholders, to any stock exchange and other listing entities where the Covered Bonds are listed, any 
clearing systems entities where the Covered Bonds are cleared, CCF (with respect to any insurance 
premium, regulatory, professional and legal fees, costs and other expenses paid by CCF on behalf of the 
Issuer and to be repaid by the Issuer to CCF subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the 
Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens), the Administrator, the Issuer 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer Accounts Bank, the Paying Agent(s), the Permanent Dealers, the Dealers; 
the Fiscal Agent(s), the Calculation Agent(s), the Issuer's Auditors, the Specific Controller, the Substitute

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Specific Controller, the Representatives and the Rating Agency in respect of the monitoring fees 
(together, the "Senior Administrative and Tax Costs"; and 
(vi) 
sixthly, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer with respect to any dividend to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders.  
Controlled Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the event of service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice and thereafter unless and until an Issuer Enforcement Notice is served to the Issuer, on any 
Payment Date and (as applicable) Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of 
each relevant series of Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate 
instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the 
relevant Issuer Securities Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account) from the cash that shall constitute 
the Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The 
Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer 
Accounts Bank and the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed 
by the Issuer on such date, in the following "Controlled Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order": 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Interest Amounts then 
due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds 
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all principal amounts 
then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
thirdly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to (a) 
the Administrator under Clauses 8, 9 and 10 of the Administrative Agreement, if any, and (b) the servicer 
under the servicing agreement pursuant to which the servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
would be carried out by this new servicer in accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as the case may be; 
(iv) 
fourthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata any and all Senior Administrative and Tax Costs then due 
and payable by the Issuer; 
(vi) 
sixthly, (a) only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer with respect 
to any and all enforcement proceeds surplus amounts remaining after enforcement of the Borrower 
Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral 
Security Agreement; and (b) only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered 
Bonds and sums referred to in (a) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to any third parties (with respect to any dividend already 
voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders). 
Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the event of service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice and thereafter (whether a Borrower Enforcement Notice 
shall have been served to the Borrower or not), the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will promptly and no 
later than three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of such Issuer Enforcement Notice give the 
appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit from all the Issuer Accounts (other than the Issuer 
General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall

--- Page 157 ---
157 
credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the 
appropriate instructions on such date and on each and every day chosen by the Administrator thereafter to the 
Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments 
owed by the Issuer on and as from such date, in the following Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment 
Order provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no payment item below shall be paid as long as an item ranking 
senior to it shall not have been duly paid, repaid, reimbursed or redeemed in full by the Issuer:: 
(i) 
first, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) above, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu, pro rata and in full of any and all Interest Amounts then due and payable 
by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds and remaining unpaid at such date; 
(ii) 
secondly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) and (ii) above, in 
or towards payment or discharge pari passu, pro rata and in full of any and all principal amounts then 
due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds and remaining unpaid at such 
date; 
(iii) 
thirdly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (iv) above, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
(and remaining unpaid at such date) to (a) the Administrator under Clauses 8, 9 and 10 of the 
Administrative Agreement, if any, and (b) the servicer under the servicing agreement pursuant to which 
the servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets would be carried out by this new servicer in 
accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), as the case may be; 
(iv) 
 fourthly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (v) above, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (vi) above, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of the Senior Administrative and Tax Costs; and 
(vi) 
sixthly, (a) after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (vii) above, in 
or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts due by the Issuer with respect to any 
and all enforcement proceeds surplus amounts remaining after enforcement of the Borrower Collateral 
Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement; and (b) after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (vii) 
above and any sums referred to in (a) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and 
all amounts due by the Issuer to any third parties (with respect to any dividend already voted and to be 
then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders).

--- Page 158 ---
158 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS 
The large majority of home loans originated by sales persons within CCF branches or through third party 
intermediaries are originated pursuant to the rules described below. 
Preliminary filters 
In the first stage of the underwriting process, certain initial checks are performed on each prospective borrower. 
For each existing customer, the CCF's internal behavioural rating (scaled into 11 notches derived from Basel II 
PD models) is used. In addition, information on both existing customers and new-to-bank applicants are also 
collected from: 
(i)  
the French National Database on Household Credit Repayment Incidents (Fichier des Incidents de 
Remboursement des Crédits aux Particuliers), a central administration for consumer loans and home 
loans which is regulated by Banque de France; and 
(ii)  
the Central Cheque Register (Fichier Central des Chèques), a central administration for cheques held by 
the Banque de France.  
If any prospective borrower or co-borrower is registered as having previously defaulted on their obligations 
under any loan or account, or if such borrower has an internal behavioural score of greater than D-, the application 
is declined. 
If not, the relationship manager reviews the prospective borrower's income and expenses and collects information 
about the property to be financed. Prospective borrowers will be asked to provide proof of income, which may 
take the form of their last three payslips and, in some circumstances, their most recent year-end payslip and tax 
notice. In the case of existing customers, the relationship manager will also review activity on their existing 
accounts. Information and, where applicable, documentation will also be requested describing the property to be 
financed, the net personal contribution or down payment, the characteristics of the loan requested (amount, type, 
etc.) and the type of security (first ranking mortgage, Crédit Logement guarantee or third party guarantee). If a 
Crédit Logement guarantee is sought, a separate application process is prepared. 
Scoring 
For each home loan, an automated application scoring model is used to assess the application. The existing model 
has been rebuilt in 2020 and is implemented since April 2021. 
The main drivers of the model are: 
(i) 
socio-demographic information of the prospective borrower such as: age, marital status, number of 
dependants, time at employer and profession; 
(ii) 
financial information such as the applicant's debt ratio (taux d'endettement) and available income (reste 
à vivre), taking into account the applicant's personal circumstances; and 
(iii) 
characteristics of the loan, such as the amount of the down payment, the loan-to-value, the term of the 
loan and any security or guarantees received and life insurance policies. 
These characteristics are weighted according to their expected predictive power and an application score is then 
calculated through an automated engine (developed in PowerCurve - Experian) which provides a 
recommendation (RA: Recommendation to Approve; RD: Recommendation to Decline or RV: Recommendation 
to Review the application with an upper level in term of delegation of authority). 
Acceptance  
The final decision to grant or reject a loan is always made by a member of CCF staff with the requisite level of 
authority. Depending on the final grade of the application described above and the amount of the loan, amongst 
other things, the application decision will be made by the relationship manager, specialised in House Purchase

--- Page 159 ---
159 
lending (Pôle Expertise Immobilier) and trained/certified as required by MCD, on his own. If the application is 
beyond the relationship manager's authority, the decision will be made by either the director of the relevant 
branch or CCF's central retail underwriting department and, for most complex loans, Risk Department. 
Pre-funding controls  
If accepted, the home loan request file is transmitted to the back office for processing. The back office checks 
that (i) all of the documents necessary for the funding of the home loan have been provided, (ii) the home loan 
complies with any applicable legal formalities and (iii) the information provided with respect to the customer 
and the property is consistent. The back office also liaises with the relevant notary public. The home loan offer 
may only be issued to the client once all the necessary documents have been obtained and the required conditions 
have been met. Upon the return of the offer signed by the client, the back office checks the validity of the 
acceptance (signatures, dates, etc.) and proceeds with the funding of the home loan to the notary public. 
Servicing 
The servicing of the home loans - including acceptance of full or partial repayment, renegotiations of rates, 
rescheduling of principal repayments - is the responsibility of relationship managers or directors of branches, 
according to their decision-making powers and levels of authority, and is carried out by the back office. Key loan 
documents (including home loan offers, loan guarantees, copies of mortgage agreements and life insurance 
policies) are scanned and archived with a service provider. 
Delinquent loans 
The relevant branch is responsible for notifying the back office of overdue payments, which processes the 
overdue payment and sends a reminder letter and/or SMS to the client. Beyond the first overdue payment, the 
management of the outstanding balances for each customer is transferred to the Collection Department (SRA: 
Service de Recouvrement Amiable). The client is contacted to find a solution to the payment issues the customer 
is facing, without litigation. Once the borrower misses three consecutive payments, the loan is automatically 
designated as "defaulted", and the back office files a declaration to the Fichier National des Incidents de 
Remboursement des Crédits aux Particuliers of the Banque de France.  
If the defaulted loan is guaranteed by Crédit Logement, the loan file is sent to Crédit Logement, which becomes 
responsible for servicing the home loan and is required to start to pay the relevant guaranteed amounts to CCF 
within one month. For the first 24 months, Crédit Logement can elect (i) either to pay only the borrower's 
contractual monthly payments or (ii) to pay all amounts outstanding under the loan on an accelerated basis. After 
24 months, Crédit Logement is required to reimburse CCF for all amounts then outstanding under the loan (to 
the extent that the loan is fully guaranteed). 
If the defaulted loan is not guaranteed by Crédit Logement, and the efforts of the Collection Department are not 
successful, all amounts due under the home loan are accelerated and the servicing of such home loan is 
transmitted to the Litigation Department (Recouvrement Contentieux). This department is responsible for 
collecting proceeds by enforcing the mortgages, insurance and other security interest and guarantees securing 
the repayment of the loan.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated on or about the date of the Base 
Prospectus between CCF SFH (the "Issuer") and the Permanent Dealer (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Covered 
Bonds will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Covered Bonds directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not the Permanent Dealer. The Covered Bonds may 
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer(s). The Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of 
the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Covered Bonds to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Covered Bonds 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Covered Bonds. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement 
that they make to subscribe Covered Bonds in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Covered Bonds 
being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in 
particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement 
will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (the "EEA").  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive No. 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 161 ---
161 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds  
Non-exempt Offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State of the EEA 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those Covered Bonds may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State of the EEA (a 
"Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Covered Bonds 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State of the EEA and notified to the competent authority in that Member State 
of the EEA, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
Non-exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Bonds to the public in 
France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds, except (a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Covered Bonds 
and provided that the Final Terms have been duly published and specify that such Non-exempt offers in France 
may be made to the public, all as defined in and in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable 
French law and regulation; or

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Exempt Offers in France  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Bonds to the public in 
France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from 
the obligation to publish a prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Italy 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of 
Italy in connection with the offering of Covered Bonds and such offering of Covered Bonds has not been 
registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") in the Republic of Italy 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and to 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers Regulation") and, accordingly, no 
Covered Bond may be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, and will not be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public, nor may, or will, copies of this 
Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, 
except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provision of the Financial Services Act and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to, and in 
compliance with, the conditions set out in Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and its implementing 
regulations, including Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of the Issuers 
Regulation. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale, transfer or delivery 
of Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered 
Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant 
Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, must be 
made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
from time to time (the "Banking Act");  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing Covered Bonds in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale 
of Covered Bonds it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations.  
Where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the Covered Bonds which are initially offered 
and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are "systematically" distributed 
on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided 
under the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws. Pursuant to Article 100-bis of the Financial 
Services Act, failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Covered Bonds being declared null

--- Page 163 ---
163 
and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered 
by the investors. 
Belgium 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer represents and 
agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to Belgian Consumers, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds to Belgian 
Consumers.  
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting for purposes which 
are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" in relation to the UK, each Dealer represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer to the public of Covered 
Bonds in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;

--- Page 164 ---
164 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, (i) it 
is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and subject to certain 
exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
as defined under Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds of any identifiable Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined under Regulation S, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement. 
Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended, and regulations 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds 
in bearer form, deliver Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, as 
determined and certified to the Principal Paying Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an identifiable tranche 
of Covered Bonds sold to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to Covered 
Bonds of an identifiable tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent shall notify 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit

--- Page 165 ---
165 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered 
Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Covered Bonds are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer or 
sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered 
Bonds outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the 
Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United 
States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person 
within the United States is prohibited.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED BONDS 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A 
REGULATED MARKET OR REGULATED MARKETS AND/OR OFFERED ON A NON-EXEMPT 
BASIS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
2[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"); EITHER3 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]4] OR5 [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
6[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's 
policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER7 [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
 
2 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
3 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
4 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects 
the list used in the examples in ESMA Guidelines. 
5 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Covered Bonds constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
6 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Covered Bonds are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
7 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS).

--- Page 167 ---
167 
advised sales and pure execution services] 8] OR9 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].1011]] 
OR  
[12MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] on 3 August 2023 has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]13 
14 [15UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement 
entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
 
8 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels of 
distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in ESMA Guidelines. 
9 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Covered Bonds constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
10 If the Covered Bonds constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
11 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not currently passported in the UK or approved 
by the FCA, an approval of this document or a drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors. 
12 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023.  
13 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
14 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Covered Bonds are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
15 Legends to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]16  
[UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
[FSMA / Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")] and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement [the Insurance Distribution Directive/Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended], where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of [the Prospectus Regulation / the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended], as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]17 
 
16  Delete legend if the Covered Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document (KID) 
will be prepared, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 1(vii) of Part B below. 
17 Delete legend if the Covered Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products under the UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document 
(KID) will be prepared, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 1(viii) of Part B below.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
[The Base Prospectus dated [●] expires on [●]. The updated Base Prospectus shall be available for viewing free 
of charge of the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the website of My Money Group 
(https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area) and for inspection at the specified offices of the Paying 
Agent(s).]18 
 
 
 
 
18 To be included in the case of public offer which offer period expires after the expiry date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Final Terms dated [●] 
  
CCF SFH  
Legal entity identifier ("LEI"): 969500HCJLWDO4YCYT40 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
[The following language applies only where a Non-exempt Offer is contemplated.]  
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Covered Bonds may only do so [(i) in the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions (as mentioned in Part B – item 1 below), provided such person is [an Authorised Offeror] in 
that paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein; or (ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered 
Bonds in any other circumstances. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended.]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 31 January 2024 which received approval number 24-015 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France on 31 January 2024 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base 
Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation [(as 
defined below)].  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Covered Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]19 [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) My Money Group (https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area). [In 
addition20, the Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●]] ([together] the "Original Base Prospectus") which are incorporated by reference in the 
base prospectus dated 31 January 2024 which received approval number 24-015 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") in France on 31 January 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] which 
received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below).  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Covered Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and are 
attached hereto. The [Original Base Prospectus, the] Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]21 are available for 
viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) My Money Group 
(https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area). [In addition22, the Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs in which case sub-
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the publication of which 
 
19 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
20 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
21 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
22 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
would in turn trigger the investors' right to withdraw their acceptances within a forty-eight (48)-hour time 
period.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
CCF SFH  
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
become Fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/ The Covered Bonds will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description of 
the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] 
as from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about [●]]  
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered Bonds: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations:  
[●] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds)23 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] provided a Maturity Extension 
Trigger Event occurs (as specified in Condition 
7(a)/[Not Applicable] [If applicable specify 
date] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Compounded Daily SONIA, EURIBOR or 
other] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
23 Covered Bonds denominated in Sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum denomination 
of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may 
be] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per cent.]] of their 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Instalment] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or Change of 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date 
where any fixed to floating rate or floating to 
fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 
14 and 15 below and identify there] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Bondholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
(ii) 
Date of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained: 
Senior 
 
[●] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable before the Switch 
Date/Applicable after the Switch Date /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly / other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [where applicable: adjusted 
pursuant to the [specify applicable Business 
Day Convention]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on][●]][Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365

--- Page 174 ---
174 
(Fixed) / 30/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Euro 
bond Basis] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Final Maturity Date (or 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may 
be) in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable [if the Final Maturity Date is 
extended until Extended Final Maturity 
Date]/Applicable 
before 
the 
Switch 
Date/Applicable after the Switch Date /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] [Interest Payment Date / Other (specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ other 
(give details)] [Insert "unadjusted" if the 
application of the relevant Business Day 
Convention is not intended to affect the Interest 
Amount] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
• 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify [Compounded Daily SONIA, 
EURIBOR or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months]) (additional information 
if necessary) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page (if Primary 
Source is "Relevant Screen Page"): 
[●] 
 
• 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the benchmark - specify if not Paris] 
 
• 
SONIA Lag Period (p): 
[five/[●] 
London 
Business 
Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period] 
 
• 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag][Lock-Out][Shift] 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Where Index Determination is applicable, 
"Shift" should be specified as the Observation 
Method] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
delete) 
 
• 
Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
 
• 
Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 6(c)(iii)(A)(b) / [●]] 
 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the applicable 
number of days shall be five (5) days) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an oversight rate) 
 
• 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value will be five (5)) 
 
• 
Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value will be five (5)) 
 
• 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
• 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value of the Lockout will be five (5))]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s)24: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent. per annum / [●] per cent. per 
annum ] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / 30/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Euro 
bond Basis] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceding the Switch 
Date (excluded) (If the Switch Date 
falls on an Interest Payment Date)] / 
[preceding the Interest Period including 
the Switch Date / up to the end of the 
Interest Period including the Switch 
Date (If the Switch Date does not fall on 
an Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b) 
as further described in paragraph 14 above / 
Condition 6(c) as further described in 
paragraph 15 above] 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [following the Switch 
Date (included) (If the Switch Date falls 
on an Interest Payment Date)] / [from 
the Interest Period including the Switch 
Date / following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the Switch 
Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b) 
as further described in paragraph 14 above / 
Condition 6(c) as further described in 
paragraph 15 above] 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date / 
Not Applicable] (in the case of Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis) 
 
24 In no event shall the amount of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / 30/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Euro 
bond Basis] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
 
 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] specified 
denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv)  
Option Exercise Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice period25: 
[●] 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
 
 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii)  
Option Exercise Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period26: 
[●] 
 
25 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent. 
26 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination / Specified Denomination/Other 
(Specify)] 
21. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Other terms relating to Redemption by 
Instalments: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of calculating the 
same and/or any other terms: 
 
 
 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Dematerialised Covered Bonds/ Materialised 
Covered Bonds] (Materialised Covered Bonds 
are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable specify 
whether bearer form (au porteur) / registered 
form (au nominatif)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must 
be appointed in relation to Fully Registered 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being forty (40) days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates for the purposes of 
Condition 8(f): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of

--- Page 180 ---
180 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15 (ii), 16(iv) and 
18(ix) relate] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Covered 
Bonds) 
26. 
Purchase in accordance with applicable 
French laws and regulations: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Covered Bonds: 
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28. 
Redenomination: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
2(e)] apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
16(b)] apply] 
30. 
Masse (Condition 12): 
[[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply] 
(Note that: (i) in respect of any Tranche of 
Covered 
Bonds 
issued 
outside 
France, 
Condition 12(b) (Contractual Masse) may be 
elected by the Issuer, and (ii) in respect of any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds issued inside 
France, Condition 12(a) (Full Masse) shall 
apply. Insert below details of Representative 
and 
Alternative 
Representative 
and 
remuneration, if any:) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●]] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [●]] 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from 
[●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, is 
able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]27 
 
27 To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Signed on behalf of CCF SFH: 
By: ............................................  
Duly authorised as legal representative of CCF SFH

--- Page 182 ---
182 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
If syndicated, names addresses 
and underwriting 
commitments of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
[Date of subscription 
agreement: 
 
[●]] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
[(v) 
Total commission: 
[●]] 
(vi) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.] 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not Applicable] (TEFRA are 
not applicable to Dematerialised Covered Bonds) 
(vii) 
Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Not Applicable / An offer of the Covered Bonds may be 
made by the Manager(s) other than pursuant to Article 1.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation in [(specify state(s) – which must 
be France and/or a Member State of the EEA to which the 
AMF has provided a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement related 
thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus 
Regulation) 
(the 
"Non-Exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the period from [●] to [●] (the "Offer 
Period").] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds does not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the offer of the Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared 
in the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified and the legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" on the 
cover page of the Final Terms should be included. For the 
purpose of the above, a "packaged" product shall designate 
a "packaged retail investment product" which means in 
accordance with the PRIIPS Regulation an investment, 
where, regardless of the legal form of the investment, the 
amount repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference values or to the 
performance of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.)

--- Page 183 ---
183 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds does not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the offer of the Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared 
in the UK, "Applicable" should be specified and the legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" on the 
cover page of the Final Terms should be included.) 
 
2. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris - other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant 
regulated 
market] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].][Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated market] with effect 
from [●].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii)  
Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which, 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iv)  
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
 
[●] 
(v) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
 
[●] (See paragraph 10 of section entitled "General 
Information" which provides that the Base Prospectus and 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the AMF at 
least during a period of twelve (12) months from the date 
of the Base Prospectus and that the Final Terms related to 
Covered Bonds on any Regulated Market will be published 
on the website of the AMF. Please provide for additional 
methods of publication in respect of an admission to 
trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.) 
3. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Offer Period (including any possible 
amendments): 
 
[specify] 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:  
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any Authorised 
Offeror specified below] 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place:  
 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act as Authorised 
Offeror(s) including the legal entity identifier ("LEI") where 
the Authorised Offeror has legal personality/ Any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out below in 
item "Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Prospectus"] 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a general 
consent to any financial intermediary to use the Prospectus, 
specify any additional conditions to or any condition 
replacing those set out on pages 5 and 6 of the Base 
Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set out in the Base 
Prospectus". Where Authorised Offeror(s) have been

--- Page 185 ---
185 
designated herein, specify any condition] 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are 
known by the Issuer, of the dealers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[●] 
4. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
[S&P: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the [European 
Union] [United Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") or is registered under the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA") and is appearing on the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with CRA Regulation.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, as 
amended, although the result of such applications has not 
been determined.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") [as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")], but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in 
accordance 
with 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is not established in the [European 
Union] [United Kingdom] and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on

--- Page 186 ---
186 
credit ratings agencies, as amended [as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA")].] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating. A brief explanation of the meaning of the rating[s] 
should be included) 
 
5. [NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation [has been 
requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]  
6. 
[SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified that the value of the assets of the 
Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the privilège defined in Article L.513-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), after settlement of this issue. 
See attached "Specific Controller's Certificate relating to the quarterly issuance Programme for the [●] 
quarter of [●]" [and, "Specific Controller's Certificate relating to the issue of Covered Bonds amounting to 
[●]"].] 
7. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST 
If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, specify the capacity in which the advisors have acted. 
Specify other information mentioned in the Final Terms which has been audited or reviewed by auditors 
and where auditors have produced a report. Insert the report or, with permission of the competent authority, 
a summary of the report. 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in these Final Terms in respect 
of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds, provide such person's name, business address, qualifications and 
material interest if any in the Issuer. If the report has been produced at the Issuer's request a statement to 
that effect that such statement or report is included, in the form and context in which it is included, with the 
consent of that person who has authorised the contents of that part in respect of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information has 
been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.] 
8. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
following statement: "[Save as discussed in [section entitled "Subscription and Sale"]/Save for any fees 
payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.]" (amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and 
use of proceeds: 
[●] 
(See section entitled "Use of Proceeds" – if reasons for offer different 
from general corporate purposes will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
(ii)  Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  [Estimated total 
expenses:] 
 
[●]/ Not Applicable [Include breakdown of expenses.]  
 
10. [FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. 
It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
11. FLOATING RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY - PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance rates: 
Details of performance of [specify applicable benchmark] rates can 
be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters]/[●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/SONIA] which is provided by [the 
European Money Markets Institute/the Bank of England/[●]/[the 
Banque de France]]. As at [●], [the European Money Markets 
Institute/the Bank of England/[●]/[the Banque de France]] 
[appears/does not appear] on [the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") / the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation")]. 
 
12. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
 
 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Covered Bonds 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper, that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS),] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
(i) Euroclear France to act as 
Central 
Depositary: 
 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(iii) Common Depository for 
DTC: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
[Not applicable / [●] (give names(s), address(es) and description)]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of 
their commitment:

--- Page 190 ---
190 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED 
BONDS WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN 
ANOTHER CURRENCY) TO BE LISTED AND ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA OR UK REGULATED MARKET 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]28 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]29 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer 
 
28 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023.  
29 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Covered Bonds are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]30 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") / EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
 
 
 
 
30 Delete legend if the offer of the Covered Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document (KID) will be prepared, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 1(vi) of Part B below.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
CCF SFH  
Legal entity identifier ("LEI"): 969500HCJLWDO4YCYT40 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 31 January 2024 which received approval 
number 24-015 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France on 31 January 2024 [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] 
([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation [(as defined below)].  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms]31 are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) My 
Money Group (https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area). [In addition32, the Base Prospectus 
[and these Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●]] ([together] the "Original Base Prospectus") which are incorporated by reference 
in the base prospectus dated 31 January 2024 which received approval number 24-015 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France on 31 January 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below).  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save 
in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and are attached 
hereto. The [Original Base Prospectus, the] Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]33 are available for 
viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) My Money Group 
(https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area). [In addition34, the Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs in which 
case sub-paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be 
given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
31 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
32 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
33 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
34 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
the publication of which would in turn trigger the investors' right to withdraw their acceptances within a 
forty-eight (48)-hour time period.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
CCF SFH 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
become Fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Covered Bonds will 
be assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the existing [insert 
description of the Series] issued by the 
Issuer on [insert date] as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about [●]]  
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered Bonds: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations:  
[●] 
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds) (Not less 
than €100,000 or its equivalent in other 
currency at the Issue Date, when the 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation) 35 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify 
date] 
provided 
a 
Maturity 
Extension 
Trigger 
Event 
occurs 
(as 
specified 
in 
Condition 
7(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] [If applicable specify date] 
 
35 Covered Bonds denominated in Sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum 
denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 196 ---
196 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Compounded Daily SONIA, EURIBOR or 
other] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will 
be redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per 
cent.]] of their Specified Denomination] 
[Instalment] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or Change of 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Bondholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
(ii) 
Date of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained: 
Senior 
 
 
[●] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable before the Switch 
Date/Applicable after the Switch Date /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually 
/ semi-annually / quarterly / monthly / other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [where applicable: adjusted 
pursuant to the [specify applicable Business 
Day Convention]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination payable on 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on][●]][Insert particulars of any initial

--- Page 197 ---
197 
or final broken interest amounts which do 
not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / 
include 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Final Maturity Date 
(or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be) in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable [if the Final Maturity Date is 
extended until Extended Final Maturity 
Date]/Applicable 
before 
the 
Switch 
Date/Applicable after the Switch Date /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] [Interest Payment Date / Other (specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ other (give details)] [Insert 
"unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant Business Day Convention is not 
intended to affect the Interest Amount] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate  
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify [Compounded Daily SONIA, 
EURIBOR or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 
3 
months]) 
(additional 
information if necessary) 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page (if Primary 
Source is "Relevant Screen Page"): 
[●]  
 
• 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected 
to the benchmark - specify if not Paris] 
 
• 
SONIA Lag Period (p): 
[five/[●] London Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional amount] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period] 
 
• 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration 
of Interest Accrual Period] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag][Lock-Out][Shift] 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Where Index Determination is applicable, 
"Shift" 
should 
be 
specified 
as 
the 
Observation Method] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected – 
otherwise, delete)  
 
• 
[Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
 
• 
Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 6(c)(iii)(A)(b) / [●]] 
 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five (5) 
days) / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an oversight rate) 
 
• 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
• 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
• 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
• 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout will 
be five (5))] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s)36: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent. per annum / [●] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceding the Switch 
Date (excluded) (If the Switch Date 
falls on an Interest Payment Date)] / 
[preceding the Interest Period including 
the Switch Date / up to the end of the 
Interest Period including the Switch 
Date (If the Switch Date does not fall on 
an Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b) 
as further described in paragraph 14 above / 
Condition 6(c) as further described in 
paragraph 15 above] 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [following the Switch 
Date (included) (If the Switch Date falls 
on an Interest Payment Date)] / [from 
the Interest Period including the Switch 
Date / following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the Switch 
Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b) 
as further described in paragraph 14 above / 
 
36 In no event shall the amount of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Condition 6(c) as further described in 
paragraph 15 above] 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date / 
Not Applicable] (in the case of Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
 
 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] specified 
denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv)  
Option Exercise Date 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice period37: 
[●] 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
 
 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
 
37 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(iii)  
Option Exercise Date 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period38: 
[●] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
/ 
Specified 
Denomination/Other (Specify)] 
21. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Other terms relating to Redemption by 
Instalments: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of calculating the 
same and/or any other terms: 
 
 
 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Dematerialised Covered Bonds/ 
Materialised Covered Bonds] 
(Materialised Covered Bonds are only in 
bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable specify 
whether bearer form (au porteur) / 
registered form (au nominatif)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name 
and address] (Note that a Registration 
Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Fully Registered Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
 
38 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Materialised Covered Bonds on [●] (the 
"Exchange Date"), being forty (40) days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
subject 
to 
postponement 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for the 
purposes of Condition 8(f): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15 
(ii), 16(iv) and 18(ix) relate] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give 
details] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Covered Bonds) 
26. 
Purchase in accordance with applicable 
French laws and regulations: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Covered Bonds: 
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 2(e)] apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 16(b)] apply] 
30. 
Masse (Condition 12): 
[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall 
apply] 
(Note that: (i) in respect of any Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued outside France, 
Condition 12(b) (Contractual Masse) may 
be elected by the Issuer, and (ii) in respect 
of any Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
inside France, Condition 12(a) (Full 
Masse) shall apply. Insert below details of 
Representative 
and 
Alternative 
Representative and remuneration, if any:) 
[Name and address of the Representative: 
[●]] 
[Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: [●]]

--- Page 204 ---
204 
[The Representative will receive no 
remuneration/The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [●]] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted 
from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]39 
Signed on behalf of CCF SFH: 
By: ............................................  
Duly authorised as legal representative of CCF SFH 
 
39 To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
[(iv) 
Total commission: 
[●]] 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended.] 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not Applicable] 
(TEFRA are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds) 
2. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris - other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted 
to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] 
with effect from [●].][Application is expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect 
from [●].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are 
already admitted to trading.) 
(iii)           Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iv)  
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
(v) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
[●] (See paragraph 10 of section entitled 
"General Information" which provides that the 
Base Prospectus and Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the AMF at least 
during a period of twelve (12) months from the 
date of the Base Prospectus and that the Final 
Terms related to Covered Bonds on any 
Regulated Market will be published on the

--- Page 206 ---
206 
website of the AMF. Please provide for 
additional methods of publication in respect of 
an admission to trading on a regulated market 
other than Euronext Paris.) 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been 
rated:  
[S&P: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the 
[European Union] [the United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") 
or is registered under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA") and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended, although the result of such 
applications has not been determined.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") [as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")], but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which 
is established in the European Union, registered 
under the CRA Regulation and included in the 
list of registered credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [●] is not established in 
the [European Union][United Kingdom] and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit ratings agencies, as amended [as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA")].] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating. 
A brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating[s] should also be included.) 
 
4. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
[has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is 
contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent 
issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.]  
5. 
[SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified that the value of the assets 
of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the privilège defined in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), after 
settlement of this issue. 
See attached "Specific Controller's Certificate relating to the quarterly issuance Programme for the 
[●] quarter of [●]" [and, "Specific Controller's Certificate relating to the issue of Covered Bonds 
amounting to [●]"].] 
6. 
[THIRD 
PARTY 
INFORMATION 
AND 
STATEMENT 
BY 
EXPERTS 
AND 
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST 
If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, specify the capacity in which the advisors have acted. 
Specify other information mentioned in the Final Terms which has been audited or reviewed by 
auditors and where auditors have produced a report. Insert the report or, with permission of the 
competent authority, a summary of the report. 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in these Final Terms in 
respect of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds, provide such person's name, business address, 
qualifications and material interest if any in the Issuer. If the report has been produced at the Issuer's

--- Page 208 ---
208 
request a statement to that effect that such statement or report is included, in the form and context 
in which it is included, with the consent of that person who has authorised the contents of that part 
in respect of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.] 
7. 
[INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement: "[Save as discussed in [section entitled "Subscription and Sale"]"]/Save 
for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer." (amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests) 
[The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and 
use of proceeds: 
[●] 
(See section entitled "Use of Proceeds" – if reasons for offer 
different from general corporate purposes will need to include 
those reasons here.) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:  
[●] 
 
9. 
[FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●]. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
10. FLOATING RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY - BENCHMARK 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/SONIA] which is provided by [the European 
Money Markets Institute/the Bank of England/[●]/[the Banque de 
France]]. As at [●], [the European Money Markets Institute/the Bank 
of England/[●]/[the Banque de France]] [appears/does not appear] on 
[the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority

--- Page 209 ---
209 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation") / the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation")]. 
 
11. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
 
 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Covered 
Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper, that 
is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS),] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
(i) Euroclear France to act as 
Central 
Depositary: 
(ii) Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(iii) Common Depository for 
DTC: 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
 
[●]

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 211 ---
211 
ATTESTATION DU CONTROLEUR SPECIFIQUE RELATIVE AU RESPECT DU RATIO DE 
COUVERTURE DANS LE CADRE DE PROGRAMMES TRIMESTRIELS D'EMISSIONS DE 
RESSOURCES PRIVILEGIEES 
([●ème] TRIMESTRE [●]) 
Au Conseil d'administration de CCF SFH, 
En notre qualité de contrôleur spécifique de CCF SFH et en exécution des dispositions prévues par les 
Articles L.513-23 et R.513-16 du Code monétaire et financier, nous avons procédé à la vérification du 
respect des règles relatives au ratio de couverture prévues aux Articles L.513-12 et R.513-8 du Code 
monétaire et financier, dans le cadre du programme du [●] trimestre d'émissions des ressources 
bénéficiant du privilège mentionné à l'Article L.513-11 de ce même Code. 
Par décision en date du [●], le conseil d'administration de CCF SFH a fixé le plafond maximum du 
programme d'émissions de ressources bénéficiant du privilège institué par l'Article L.513-11 du Code 
monétaire et financier, à [●] Euros, pour la période allant du [●] au [●]. 
L'Article L.513-12 du Code monétaire et financier dispose que le montant total des éléments d'actif des 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat doit être supérieur au montant des éléments de passif bénéficiant du 
privilège mentionné à l'Article L.513-11 de ce Code. En outre, l'Article R.513-8 de ce code dispose que 
les sociétés de financement de l'habitat sont tenues de respecter à tout moment un ratio de couverture des 
ressources privilégiées par les éléments d'actifs au moins égal à 105%. 
Il nous appartient d'attester du respect de ces règles dans le cadre du présent programme trimestriel 
d'émissions. 
Le respect de ces règles, compte tenu du programme trimestriel d'émissions visé ci-dessus, a été vérifié 
sur la base d'informations financières estimées, au titre de la période courue, et prévisionnelles, au titre 
de la période à venir, établies sous votre responsabilité. Les informations financières prévisionnelles ont 
été établies à partir des hypothèses traduisant la situation future que vous avez estimé la plus probable à 
la date de leur établissement. Ces informations sont jointes à la présente attestation. 
Nous avons mis en œuvre les diligences que nous avons estimé nécessaires au regard de la doctrine 
professionnelle de la Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes, relative à cette mission.  
Nos travaux ont consisté à : 
• 
vérifier la conformité du montant du programme trimestriel d'émissions avec le procès-verbal de 
l'organe autorisant ces émissions ; 
• 
examiner le processus d'élaboration des données financières prévisionnelles tenant compte du 
présent programme trimestriel d'émissions, étant rappelé que, s'agissant de prévisions présentant 
par nature un caractère incertain, les réalisations différeront parfois de manière significative des 
informations prévisionnelles établies ; 
• 
vérifier les modalités de calcul du ratio de couverture issu de ces données prévisionnelles, telles 
qu'elles sont prévues par les dispositions du règlement 99-10 du Comité de la réglementation 
bancaire et financière et par l'instruction 2022-I-03 de l'Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution ; 
• 
vérifier le respect des règles prévues aux Articles L.513-12 et R.513-8 du Code monétaire et 
financier sur la base de ces données financières prévisionnelles. 
Sur la base de nos travaux, nous n'avons pas d'observation à formuler sur le respect, par CCF SFH, des 
dispositions prévues aux Articles L.513-12 et R.513-8 du Code monétaire et financier, après prise en 
compte du présent programme trimestriel d'émissions.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Cette attestation est établie à votre attention dans le contexte décrit ci-avant et ne doit pas être utilisée, 
diffusée, ou citée à d'autres fins. En notre qualité de Contrôleur Spécifique de votre société, notre 
responsabilité est définie par la loi française et nous n'acceptons aucune extension de notre responsabilité 
au-delà de celle prévue par la loi française. Les juridictions françaises ont compétence exclusive pour 
connaître de tout litige, réclamation ou différend pouvant résulter de la présente attestation ou de toute 
question s'y rapportant. 
Le [date] 
Le Contrôleur Spécifique 
[cabinet du Contrôleur Spécifique] 
 
[adresse]

--- Page 213 ---
213 
[En-tête de CCF SFH ] 
 
ANNEXE 
Montants après prise en compte du présent programme d'émissions de EUR [●] 
En millions d'euros 
Estimé 
Prévisionnel 
Au [●] 
Au [●] 
Total des emplois pondérés (*) 
[●] 
[●] 
Total des ressources bénéficiant du privilège mentionné à l'Article 
L.513-11 du Code monétaire et financier et des coûts prévus de 
maintenance et de gestion prévus à l'article 8 du règlement n°99-10 du 
Comité de la réglementation bancaire et financière 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
(*) En considérant les actifs reçus à titre de garantie, en nantissement ou en pleine propriété et non les créances 
garanties figurant à l'actif du bilan de la société.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
CERTIFICATE OF THE SPECIFIC CONTROLLER RELATING TO ISSUANCE 
PROGRAMME OF LIABILITIES FOR THE [X] QUARTER OF [X] 
 
FREE TRANSLATION FROM FRENCH 
To the Board of Directors of CCF SFH, 
In our capacity as Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) of CCF SFH and pursuant to the provisions 
set forth in Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), we have verified the compliance with the rules related to the coverage ratio provided for in 
Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
pursuant to the issuance programme of liabilities for the [X] quarter of [x] benefiting from the privileged 
right mentioned in Article L.513-11 of such code. 
In a decision dated [x], the Board of Directors of CCF SFH set the maximum amount of the issuance 
programme of liabilities benefiting from the privileged right mentioned in Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) to [X], for the period from [x] to [x]. 
Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) states that the 
total amount of assets held by sociétés de financement de l'habitat (special purpose real property credit 
companies) must be greater than the amount of liabilities which benefit from the privileged right 
mentioned in Article L.513-11 of such code. Furthermore, Article R.513-8 of such code provides that 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat must all the time maintain a coverage ratio of at least 105 per cent. of 
their assets to the total amount of their liabilities benefiting from the statutory privileged right. 
It is our responsibility to certify the compliance with these rules within the scope of this quarterly issuance 
programme. 
Compliance with these rules, in view of the aforementioned quarterly issuance programme, was verified 
on the basis of estimated financial data, in respect of the period elapsed, and forecasted financial data, in 
respect of the future period, drawn up under your responsibility. The forecasted financial data were drawn 
up on the basis of assumptions which reflect the future position that you deemed to be most probable as 
of the date that they were drawn up. This information is presented in an appendix to this report. 
We performed our review in accordance with the professional guidelines of the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (National Association of Statutory Auditors) that are applicable to this type 
of assessment. 
Our work consisted in: 
• 
verifying the conformity of the amount of the quarterly issuance programme of liabilities with the 
minutes of the board of directors authorizing these issuances, 
• 
examining the process for presenting the forecasted financial data including the aforementioned 
quarterly issuance programme, considering that, as the forecasts are uncertain by nature, the actual 
results could differ significantly from the forecasted data presented, 
• 
verifying the procedures for calculating the forecasted coverage ratio provided for in Regulation No. 
99-10 of the French Banking and Financial Regulation Committee and by Instruction 2022-I-03 of 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR), 
• 
verifying compliance with the rules set forth in Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), based on the forecasted financial data.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Based on our work, we have no comments to make with respect to compliance by CCF SFH with 
Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), after taking into account of the aforementioned quarterly issuance programme of liabilities. 
This certificate is established for your only attention and should not be used, transmitted or quoted for 
any other purposes. As Specific Controller of your company, our responsibility is defined by the French 
law and we don't accept any extension of our responsibility beyond what the French law provided. 
French courts have exclusive jurisdiction in any issue, claim or dispute arising out of this certificate or 
any matter relating thereto. 
On [date], 
The Specific Controller 
[name of the Specific Controller] 
[address]

--- Page 216 ---
216 
[Head-paper of CCF SFH] 
APPENDIX 
Figures after taking into account current issue Programme of EUR [●] 
In million of EUR 
Estimated 
Figures 
Forecasted 
Figures 
As of [●] 
As of [●] 
Total of weighed assets (*) 
[●] 
[●] 
Total sources of funds that qualify for the privileged right mentioned in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) and expected costs related to maintenance and 
administration set forth in Article 8 of the Regulation N°99-10 of 
French Banking and Financial Regulations Committee 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
(*) By considering the eligible collateral assets transferred as collateral security.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
ATTESTATION DU CONTROLEUR SPECIFIQUE RELATIVE AU RESPECT DU RATIO DE 
COUVERTURE DANS LE CADRE D'EMISSIONS INDIVIDUELLES DE RESSOURCES 
SUPERIEURES OU EGALES A 500 MILLIONS D'EUROS 
 
Au Conseil d'administration de CCF SFH, 
En notre qualité de contrôleur spécifique de CCF SFH et en exécution des dispositions prévues par les 
Articles L.513-23 et R.513-16 du Code monétaire et financier, nous avons procédé à la vérification du 
respect des règles relatives au ratio de couverture prévues aux Articles L.513-12 et R.513-8 du Code 
monétaire et financier, dans le cadre de l'émission d'obligations de financement de l'habitat d'une valeur 
unitaire au moins égale à 500 millions d'Euros. 
Par décision en date du [●], le conseil d'administration de CCF SFH a fixé le plafond maximum du 
Programme d'émissions de ressources bénéficiant du privilège institué par l'Article L.513-11 du Code 
monétaire et financier, à [●] Euros, pour la période allant du [●] au [●]. 
Dans le cadre de ce programme trimestriel d'émissions, par décision en date du [●], le directeur général 
de CCF SFH a autorisé une émission de ressources bénéficiant du privilège institué par l'Article L.513-
11 du Code monétaire et financier, pour un montant de [●] Euros. 
L'Article L.513-12 du Code monétaire et financier dispose que le montant total des éléments d'actif des 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat doit être supérieur au montant des éléments de passif bénéficiant du 
privilège mentionné à l'Article L.513-11 de ce Code. En outre, l'Article R.513-8 de ce code dispose que 
les sociétés de financement de l'habitat sont tenues de respecter à tout moment un ratio de couverture des 
ressources privilégiées par les éléments d'actifs au moins égal à 105%. 
Il nous appartient d'attester du respect de ces règles au titre de la présente opération. 
Le respect de ces règles, après prise en compte de l'émission susvisée, a été vérifié sur la base 
d'informations financières estimées et prévisionnelles établies sous votre responsabilité. Les informations 
financières prévisionnelles ont été établies à partir des hypothèses traduisant la situation future que vous 
avez estimé la plus probable à la date de la présente émission. Ces informations sont jointes à la présente 
attestation. 
Nous avons mis en œuvre les diligences que nous avons estimé nécessaires au regard de la doctrine 
professionnelle de la Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes relative à cette mission. 
Nos travaux ont consisté à : 
• 
vérifier la conformité du montant de l'émission visée ci-dessus avec le procès-verbal de l'organe 
autorisant cette émission ; 
• 
examiner le processus d'élaboration des données financières prévisionnelles tenant compte de la 
présente émission, étant rappelé que, s'agissant de prévisions présentant par nature un caractère 
incertain, les réalisations différeront parfois de manière significative des informations 
prévisionnelles établies ; 
• 
vérifier les modalités de calcul du ratio de couverture issu de ces données prévisionnelles, telles 
qu'elles sont prévues par les dispositions du règlement 99-10 du Comité de la réglementation 
bancaire et financière et par l' instruction 2022-I-03 de l'Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution ; 
• 
vérifier le respect des règles prévues aux Articles L.513-12 et R.513-8 du Code monétaire et 
financier sur la base de ces données financières prévisionnelles.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Sur la base de nos travaux, nous n'avons pas d'observation à formuler sur le respect, par CCF SFH, des 
dispositions prévues aux Articles L.513-12 et R.513-8 du Code monétaire et financier après prise en 
compte de la présente émission visée ci-dessus. 
Cette attestation est établie à votre attention dans le contexte décrit ci-avant et ne doit pas être utilisée, 
diffusée, ou citée à d'autres fins. En notre qualité de Contrôleur Spécifique de votre société, notre 
responsabilité est définie par la loi française et nous n'acceptons aucune extension de notre responsabilité 
au-delà de celle prévue par la loi française. Les juridictions françaises ont compétence exclusive pour 
connaître de tout litige, réclamation ou différend pouvant résulter de la présente attestation ou de toute 
question s'y rapportant. 
Le [date] 
Le Contrôleur Spécifique 
[cabinet du Contrôleur Spécifique] 
[adresse]

--- Page 219 ---
219 
[En-tête de CCF SFH] 
 
ANNEXE 
Montants après prise en compte des émissions obligataires réalisées du [●] au [●], y compris la présente 
émission de [●] (date de règlement [●]) 
En millions d'euros 
Estimé 
Prévisionnel 
Au [●] 
Au [●] 
Total des emplois pondérés (*) 
[●] 
[●] 
Total des ressources bénéficiant du privilège mentionné à l'Article 
L.513-11 du Code monétaire et financier et des coûts prévus de 
maintenance et de gestion prévus à l'article 8 du règlement n°99-10 du 
Comité de la réglementation bancaire et financière 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
(*) En considérant les actifs reçus à titre de garantie, en nantissement ou en pleine propriété et non les créances 
garanties figurant à l'actif du bilan de la société.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
CERTIFICATE OF THE SPECIFIC CONTROLLER RELATING TO THE RESPECT OF 
THE LEGAL COVER RATIO WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF THE NOTE 
ISSUANCE OF AT LEAST EUR 500 MILLION 
 
FREE TRANSLATION FROM FRENCH 
To the Board of Directors of CCF SFH, 
In our capacity of specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of CCF SFH and pursuant to the provisions set forth 
in Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), we 
have verified the compliance with the rules provided for in Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 pursuant to the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) within the framework of the note issuance of at least 
€500 million. 
In a decision dated [x], the board of directors of CCF SFH set the maximum amount of the issuance programme 
benefiting from the statutory privileged right of payment set forth in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) at [x], for the period from [x] to [x]. 
Within the scope of this quarterly issuance programme, in a decision dated [x], the Managing Director of CCF 
SFH approved a note issuance benefiting from the statutory privileged right of payment set forth in Article L.513-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), for an amount of [x]. 
Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) states that the total 
amount of assets held by sociétés de financement de l'habitat (special purpose real property credit companies) 
must be greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the privileged right of payment mentioned in Article 
L.513-11 of such code. Furthermore, Article R.513-8 of such code provides that sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat must all the time maintain a cover ratio of at least 105 per cent. of their assets to the total amount of their 
liabilities benefiting from the statutory privileged right. 
It is our responsibility to certify the compliance with such rules for the issuance at stake. 
Compliance with these rules, after taking into account the aforementioned note issuance, was verified on the basis 
of estimated and forecasted financial data, drawn up under your responsibility. The forecasted financial data were 
drawn up on the basis of assumptions which reflect the position that you deemed to be most likely as of the date 
of the issuance at stake. This information is presented in an appendix to this report.  
We performed our review in accordance with the professional guidelines of the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (National Association of Statutory Auditors) that are applicable to this type of 
assessment. 
Our work consisted in: 
• 
verifying the conformity for the amount of the note issuance of liabilities with the decision authorizing 
this issue, 
• 
examining the process of presenting the forecasted financial data including the aforementioned issue, 
considering that, as the forecasts are uncertain by nature, the actual results could differ significantly from 
the forecasted data presented, 
• 
verifying the procedures for calculating the forecasted coverage ratio provided for in Regulation No. 99-
10 of the French Banking and Financial Regulation Committee and by Instruction 2022-I-03 of the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, 
• 
verifying compliance with the rules set forth in Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), based on the forecasted financial data.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Based on our work, we have no comments with respect to the compliance by CCF SFH with Articles L.513-12 
and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), after taking into account 
of the aforementioned note issuance. 
This certificate is established for your only attention and should not be used, transmitted or quoted for any other 
purposes. As Specific Controller of your company, our responsibility is defined by the French law and we don't 
accept any extension of our responsibility beyond what the French law provided. French courts have exclusive 
jurisdiction in any issue, claim or dispute arising out of this certificate or any matter relating thereto. 
On [date], 
The Specific Controller 
[name of the Specific Controller] 
[address]

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
[Head-paper of CCF SFH] 
APPENDIX 
Figures after taking into account the Covered Bonds issues for the period from [●] to [●] including the 
present issue of [●] (value date [●]). 
In million of EUR 
Estimated 
figures 
Forecasted 
Figures 
As of [●] 
As of [●] 
Total of weighed assets (*) 
[●] 
[●] 
Total sources of funds that benefit from the privilège mentioned in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) and expected costs related to maintenance and 
administration set forth in Article 8 of the Regulation N°99-10 of 
French Banking and Financial Regulations Committee 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
(*) By considering the eligible collateral assets transferred as collateral security.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made for the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") to approve this 
document as a base prospectus in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AMF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either CCF SFH (formerly HSBC SFH 
(France)) (the "Issuer") or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus has received approval number 24-015 on 31 January 2024.  
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Covered Bonds on Euronext 
Paris. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Covered Bonds on a Regulated 
Market of any Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and/or the offer to the public 
of Covered Bonds pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 
31 January 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Covered Bonds. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Covered Bonds constitute obligations under French law, requires 
the prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which may 
delegate its power to any person of its choice. For this purpose, the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer held on 31 January 2024 authorised the issue of Covered Bonds up to 
€1,500,000,000 and delegated for a period of one year to the chief executive officer (directeur général) 
and the deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) of the Issuer, the power to decide 
the issue of bonds (obligations) under the Programme. 
(3) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2023. 
(4) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
(5)  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no events particular to the Issuer which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of its solvency. 
(6) 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during 
the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer. 
(7) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into in 
the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could result in any Affiliate being under an

--- Page 224 ---
224 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Bondholders in 
respect of the Covered Bonds being issued. 
(8) 
Application may be made for Covered Bonds to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France 
(66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg). The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or 
the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Covered Bonds will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(9) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers 92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex, France, (duly 
authorised as Commissaire aux comptes) and BDO Paris, 43-47, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75116 
Paris, France (duly authorised as Commissaire aux comptes) have been appointed as Commissaires 
aux comptes of the Issuer (the "Statutory Auditors") respectively as from 2 March 2015 and as from 
20 June 2008. The Statutory Auditors have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 and issued a limited review report on the interim financial information of the Issuer 
for the period ended 30 June 2023.  
(10) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading and the performance of the underlying collateral, except if required 
by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(11) 
The Issuer does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
(12) 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto and the Final Terms relating to any issue of Covered 
Bonds admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market of the EEA in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation will be published on the websites of My Money Group 
(https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
 
In addition, should the Covered Bonds be listed on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Covered Bonds will 
provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website 
of the Regulated Market or the competent authority. 
(13) 
For so long as Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer and at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent(s) and, except for the document referred to in sub-paragrah (c) 
below, on the website of My Money Group (https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area):   
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary 
Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Receipts 
and the Talons); and 
(d) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer(s) (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with

--- Page 225 ---
225 
a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"€", "Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union and as amended by the Treaty 
of Amsterdam, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. dollar" are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, 
references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references 
to "CAD" or "Canadian dollar" are to the lawful currency of Canada. In this Base Prospectus, any 
references to "euro equivalent" means the euro equivalent amount of the relevant amount 
denominated in the Specified Currency (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds"). 
(16) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, SONIA or any or other relevant rates as indicated in the relevant Final Terms in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). The relevant Final 
Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Covered Bonds may specify the relevant benchmark, 
the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
(17) 
The LEI of the Issuer is 969500HCJLWDO4YCYT40. 
(18) 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.mymoneygroup.com/en/investors-area. The information 
contained on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
(19) 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The rating of Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the European Union, is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is appearing on the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
(20) 
The Issuer's specific controller is Cailliau Dedouit et associés (19, rue Clément Marot - 75008 Paris - 
France), represented by M. Laurent Brun. 
(21) 
The information sourced from third parties has been accurately reproduced herein and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third parties, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
(22) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Covered Bonds. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Covered Bonds. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
In addition, potential conflicts of interest may exist between Bondholders and the calculation agent 
(including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent) or any agent appointed for a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Bondholders during the term 
of the Covered Bonds and upon their redemption.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I, to the best of my knowledge, declare that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Paris, 31 January 2024 
 
CCF SFH 
103, rue de Grenelle 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
 
Represented by: Bertrand Robequain, Deputy Chief Executive Officer (directeur général délégué) 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF), in its capacity as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus 
after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning 
or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Covered Bonds described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 31 January 2024 and is valid until 31 January 2025 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 24-015.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Issuer 
CCF SFH 
103, rue de Grenelle 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
Permanent Dealer 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent  
BNP Paribas SA 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin  
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France  
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex 
France 
BDO Paris 
43-47, avenue de la Grande Armée 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
Specific Controller and Substitute Specific Controller to the Issuer 
M. Laurent Brun 
Cailliau Dedouit et associés 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
Rémi Savournin 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
Legal Adviser to the Permanent Dealer 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France