--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
      
1 
 
 
IBERDROLA FINANZAS, S.A.U. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Euro 30,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by 
IBERDROLA, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this Base Prospectus, Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (Iberdrola Finanzas or the 
Issuer) may from time to time issue senior notes (the Senior Notes) and subordinated notes (the Subordinated Notes and, together with the Senior Notes, the Notes) subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by Iberdrola, S.A. (Iberdrola or the Guarantor, and together with the Issuer, the Obligors). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed will not 
at any time exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under Luxembourg and EU law pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes issued under the Programme. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Act).  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II). The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom (UK) must be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (as amended, the UK Prospectus Regulation) from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person 
making or intending to make an offer of Notes in the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish such a prospectus for any offer of Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each issue of Notes will be set out in a final terms 
document in respect of Senior Notes (the Final Terms (Senior Notes)) or a final terms document in respect of Subordinated Notes (the Final Terms (Subordinated Notes) 
and, together with each Final Terms (Senior Notes), the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed 
or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer 
(such other or further stock exchanges or markets to include, if so agreed, the AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija (AIAF)).  
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes). Bearer Notes may be issued in new global note (NGN) form and Registered Notes may be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) to allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of more than one year will initially be represented by a 
temporary Global Note and each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one year or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Note which, in 
each case, will (i) if the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below); or (ii) if the Global Notes 
are not intended to be issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs), be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common 
Depositary (as defined below) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Interests in temporary Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, for definitive Bearer Notes after the date falling 40 days after

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
the issue date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership or for definitive Registered Notes at any time after the issue date. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
interests in permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes or definitive Registered Notes. Registered Notes will be represented by registered 
certificates (each a Certificate), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Holder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series and may be represented by registered 
global certificates (each a Global Certificate). Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global Certificate is 
not to be held under the NSS, in the name of nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common nominee for both or (ii) if the Global Certificate is to be 
held under the NSS, in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper and the relevant Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, a common depositary 
or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be. 
This document comprises a base prospectus of the Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to 
the Issuer the Guarantor and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date (i.e., until 1 June 2024) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Senior Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor’s), Baa1 by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited (Moody’s), and A- by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch). Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated BBB- by Standard 
& Poor’s, Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB by Fitch. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB+ by Standard & 
Poor’s, Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by Fitch. Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the CRA Regulation) and is included on the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Each of Moody’s 
and Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the UK 
CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited respectively in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue 
of Notes is rated, its credit rating may not necessarily be the same as the credit rating applicable to the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation.  
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers  
 BBVA 
Barclays  
 BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
CaixaBank 
Citigroup  
 Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC  
ING 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo. 
J.P. Morgan  
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley  
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
UniCredit  
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 June 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and 
belief of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This 
Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
References herein to Conditions are, in respect of Senior Notes, to the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes” and, in respect of Subordinated Notes, to the “Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes”. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer, the registered 
office of the Guarantor and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealers 
or the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and include Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale”. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances, objectives and experience. In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it:  
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(f) 
the legal, tax, accounting and regulatory aspects of purchasing the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
MAXIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes). The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement, as defined under

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
“Subscription and Sale”. Any such increase to the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may require the production of a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “Euro”, 
“euro” or “€” are to the single currency which was introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended 
(the Treaty), to “U.S. Dollars” or “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, to 
“pounds sterling”, “GBP” or “£” are to the lawful currency of the UK and to “Japanese yen”, “yen” or “¥” are 
to the lawful currency of Japan. 
REFERENCES TO WEBSITES AND URLs 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a URL) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. Other than in relation to documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the contents of any 
such website or URL is for information purposes only and does not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the 
information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
USE OF PROCEEDS 
As described in “Use of Proceeds” below, the Issuer’s intention is to on-lend to the Group the net proceeds 
from the issue of any Notes to be used by the Group for general corporate purposes. The Guarantor may also 
choose to apply the proceeds from the issue of any Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) in accordance with prescribed 
eligibility criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in “Use of Proceeds” below 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Eligible Green Projects). 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Iberdrola Framework for Green 
Financing and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding 
to invest. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for selecting 
investments in Eligible Green Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects meet such 
eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s website, the 
Iberdrola Framework for Green Financing and the Second-party Opinion (as defined below) (if any) for 
information. As described in “Risk Factors – Use of Proceeds Risks” below, a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm may be requested to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible 
Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects 
set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (GBP) and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental 
and sustainability project. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second-party 
Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or any 
affiliate). Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may (if applicable) include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) 
or the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA (the 
Bank of England), SOFR (the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) and €STR (the European Central Bank) do 
not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) (the BMR), while the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Market Institute) 
appears on such register. As far as each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is aware, (i) the administrators of 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR do not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes shall be “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................................................................................... 17 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................... 41 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes ...................................................................................................... 49 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes ........................................................................................... 97 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................. 137 
Description of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form or while registered in the name of a 
Nominee for a Clearing System .............................................................................................................. 138 
Description of the Guarantee ......................................................................................................................... 144 
Description of Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. .................................................................................................... 148 
Description of Iberdrola, S.A. ....................................................................................................................... 149 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................................... 164 
Form of Final Terms (Senior Notes) ............................................................................................................. 170 
Form of Final Terms (Subordinated Notes) .................................................................................................. 189 
Taxation ......................................................................................................................................................... 207 
General Information ...................................................................................................................................... 216

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein, in which event, in the case of listed 
Notes only and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation. Words and 
expressions defined in the “Form of Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes” shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (the Issuer) 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
5493004PZNZWWBOUV388 
Guarantor: 
Iberdrola, S.A. (the Guarantor) 
Guarantor’s LEI: 
5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme). 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, 
S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets N.V. and 
UniCredit Bank AG. The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are 
to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons which 
are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Size:  
Up to Euro 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have the option, subject to the fulfilment of 
certain conditions, to increase the size of the Programme. 
Currencies:  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Australian dollars, Canadian 
dollars, Danish krone, Hong Kong dollars, New Zealand dollars, pounds 
sterling, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs or Japanese yen or in other currencies 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers so agree.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Maturities:  
Any maturity subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives. Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute 
a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuer. 
Specified Denomination:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the specified 
currency and save that (a) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency); and (b) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations Notes which have 
a maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued as senior notes (the Senior Notes) or as 
subordinated notes (the Subordinated Notes). The Notes will be issued on 
a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in one or 
more Series (which may be issued on the same date or which may be issued 
in more than one Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be issued in 
Tranches on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. Further 
Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (Bearer Notes), in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer Notes) or in 
registered form only (Registered Notes). Bearer Notes may be issued in 
new global note (NGN) form. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an initial maturity of 
more than one year will initially be represented by a temporary Global Note 
and each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one year 
or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Note which (a) 
in each case, will (i) if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final 
Terms to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and (ii) if the Global Notes 
are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (b) in the case

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or 
in addition to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside 
a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. No interest will be payable in respect of a temporary Global Note 
except as described under “Description of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form or while Registered in the Name of a Nominee for a 
Clearing System”. Interests in temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable 
for interests in permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, for definitive Bearer Notes after the date falling 40 days after the 
issue date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership or (in the 
case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) definitive Registered Notes at any time 
after the issue date. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, interests in 
permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes 
or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) definitive Registered Notes 
as described under “Description of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form or while Registered in the Name of a Nominee for a 
Clearing System”. Registered Notes will be represented by certificates (each 
a Certificate), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series and may be represented by 
a Global Certificate. Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global Certificate is 
not to be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS), in the name of 
nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common 
nominee or (ii) if the Global Certificate is to be held under the NSS, in the 
name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, and the relevant 
Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, common 
depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series by 
reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR and €STR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes (Senior 
Notes only): 
In respect of Senior Notes, Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their 
principal amount or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Resettable Rate Subordinated 
Notes: 
Resettable Rate Subordinated Notes will bear interest on their principal 
amount from (and including) the Issue Date to but excluding the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Thereafter, this fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate or to a reference bond yield to maturity, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates:  
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
When there is a Benchmark Event, which includes (amongst other events) 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, who shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate, as well as an Adjustment Spread 
which will be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. In 
addition, the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
Where the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event, which includes (amongst other events) 
permanent discontinuation of a SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement, and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. In addition, the Issuer may vary the Conditions as necessary to 
implement any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes necessary to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or (in the case of Senior Notes only) the Noteholders and the 
terms applicable to such redemption. Any such redemption in respect of 
Subordinated Notes may be made at the Make-Whole Amount. 
Optional 
Interest 
Deferral 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer (in whole or in part) any 
payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes, subject to limited 
exceptions, as more particularly described in Condition 5 (Optional Interest 
Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes. Non-payment of interest so deferred 
shall not constitute a default by the Issuer or Guarantor under the 
Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose.  
Status of the Senior Notes:  
The Senior Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them, and 
the guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (subject to the 
provisions of the negative pledge below) of the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
respectively, all as described in Condition 3 (Status and Guarantee) of the 
Senior Notes. 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to 
them, and, subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, the 
guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor respectively, all 
as described in Condition 3 (Status and Guarantee) of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, in the event of 
the Issuer being declared in insolvency (concurso) under Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May, approving the recast Spanish Insolvency Law (as 
amended by Law 16/2022 of 5 September, the Spanish Insolvency Law), 
the rights and claims of the Holders against the Issuer in respect of or arising

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the 
claims of all holders of Senior Obligations of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu with 
the claims of all holders of Parity Obligations of the Issuer and (iii) senior 
to the claims of all holders of Junior Obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative 
Pledge 
(Senior 
Notes):  
The Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge as more fully set out in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Senior Notes. The negative pledge 
applies to Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and each 
Relevant Subsidiary (each as defined in the Conditions). 
Negative pledge (Subordinated 
Notes) 
Subordinated Notes do not benefit from any negative pledge. 
Cross Default (Senior Notes): 
The Senior Notes will contain a cross default as more fully set out in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes. The cross default 
applies to any Relevant Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
which becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than 
at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor or which is not paid when due or 
within any applicable grace period provided that the aggregate amount of 
Relevant Indebtedness is equal to or exceeds €125,000,000 or its equivalent 
in other currencies. 
Events 
of 
Default 
(Subordinated Notes)  
Subordinated Notes do not benefit from any events of default.  Holders in 
respect of Subordinated Notes have limited enforcement rights if an order is 
made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up, dissolution or 
liquidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as described in Condition 10 
(Enforcement Events and No Events of Default). 
Waiver 
of 
set-off 
(Subordinated Notes) 
Subject to applicable law, no Holder may exercise or claim any right of set-
off in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons and each Holder 
shall, by virtue of being the Holder, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off. 
Rating: 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated BBB+ 
by Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & 
Poor’s), Baa1 by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s), and A- by 
Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch). Subordinated Notes issued under the 
Programme are expected to be rated BBB- by Standard & Poor’s, Baa3 by 
Moody’s and BBB by Fitch. 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and is included on the list of credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).  
Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s 
and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited respectively in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation 
and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
As defined by Standard & Poor’s, a BBB rating means that the obligations 
of the Obligors are ‘investment grade’. There is adequate capacity to meet 
financial commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions. 
The addition of the plus (+) sign indicates a ranking in the higher end of the 
‘BBB’ rating category. 
As defined by Moody’s, a Baa rating means that the obligations of the 
Obligors are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-
grade and as such may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier 1 
indicates a ranking in the higher end of the ‘Baa’ generic rating category. 
As defined by Fitch, an A rating means that the obligations of the Obligors 
are expected to have low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be 
more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case 
for higher ratings. The addition of the minus (-) sign indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of the ‘A’ rating category. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue 
of Notes is rated, its credit rating may not necessarily be the same as the 
credit rating applicable to the Programme. The rating of certain Series of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit ratings agency established 
in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation.  
Early 
Redemption 
(Senior 
Notes): 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Senior Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons 
or, if so specified with applicable Final Terms under Condition 6(f) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option) or Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event). Redemption at maturity will occur at par. 
If so specified with applicable Final Terms, Senior Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Noteholders under Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control). 
Early 
Redemption 
(Subordinated Notes): 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Subordinated Notes 
will be redeemable at the options of the Issuer only for tax reasons following 
the occurrence of a Tax Event and/or a Withholding Event or, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms under Condition 6(c) (Redemption for 
Accounting Reasons), Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Rating Reasons), 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event) or 
Condition 6(i) (Change of Control Call Option). 
Taxation on Notes: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for, or 
on account of, withholding taxes imposed by Spain unless such taxes are 
required by law to be withheld. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, will, save in certain

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
circumstances provided in the Conditions of the relevant Notes be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover any amounts so deducted. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain in relation to 
interest paid on the Notes to any investor (whether tax resident in Spain or 
not) provided that the information procedures described in section 
“Taxation”, which do not require identification of the Noteholders, are 
fulfilled.   
In the event that the current applicable procedures were modified, amended 
or supplemented by, amongst other things, a Spanish law, regulation, 
interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer will inform 
the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, 
as the Issuer may be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments 
under the Notes if the Noteholders would not comply with such information 
procedures. 
For further information regarding the interpretation of Foral Decree 
205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, please refer to “Risk Factors”. 
Governing Law:  
English law, save for the status of the Notes and the status of the 
corresponding Guarantee which will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law. 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading:  
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus of the Issuer. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes 
may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer (such other or further stock exchanges or markets, 
to include, if so agreed, the AIAF). The applicable Final Terms will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Rule 144A:  
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act will 
be permitted if specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all relevant legal and regulatory requirements of the United States of 
America. 
Selling Restrictions:  
United States, EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Spain, Belgium, Singapore, 
Japan, Italy, and Switzerland. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Substitution:  
The Issuer and the Guarantor may, subject to the fulfilment of certain 
conditions, substitute the Issuer.  
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Subordinated Notes): 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may, if it and/or 
the Guarantor determines that a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Capital Event has occurred, exchange the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Subordinated Notes for new subordinated notes and/or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes as provided for in Condition 11(c) (Substitution and 
Variation) of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes 
are also described below. 
Those risk factors that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors 
in each category is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential 
effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, the 
order of presentation of the categories themselves is not intended to be an indication of their importance or 
materiality. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Notes, at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the inability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
(I) 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES 
1.1 
Risks relating to the Group’s business activities, industries and operations 
1.1.1 Regulatory and political risk  
Regulatory risk 
The businesses of Iberdrola and its subsidiaries (Iberdrola Group or the Group) are subject to laws and 
regulations concerning tariffs (especially the Networks and Renewables and Sustainable Generation business 
segments) and other aspects of their activities in each of the countries in which the Group operates. In addition, 
the Group is subject to laws and regulations concerning environmental requirements and other aspects of its 
activities (such as reporting, health and safety and corporate governance). Prospective investors and their 
advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the Group and of the 
impact they may have on the Group for the purposes of evaluating any investment in the Notes. 
The tariffs (mainly applicable to the Networks business) in the countries and regions where the Group operates 
are generally subject to periodic review by the regulatory authorities. The Group is unable to predict future 
changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to its businesses or to their interpretation. The introduction 
of any such changes or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact the remuneration received by the 
Group for its activities, as well its operating, capital and raw material costs, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
For further details on the legislative and regulatory context in which the Iberdrola Group operates, see also the 
section entitled “Description of Iberdrola, S.A.—Regulation” herein. 
In addition, the Group is subject to extensive environmental protection laws and regulations that require the 
preparation of environmental impact studies, the maintenance of relevant authorisations, licences and permits 
and the fulfilment of certain other requirements.  
Any such environmental authorisations and licences may not be granted or may be revoked as a result of, 
among others, a breach of the conditions imposed by such authorisations or may be amended and any of this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The exceptional situation in energy markets as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has prompted a number 
of countries in which the Group operates to impose regulatory measures to curb inflation. These measures aim 
to avoid energy companies passing on high energy prices on wholesale markets to customers and also limiting 
the profits made by producers who sell energy directly on wholesale markets. Particularly noteworthy are the 
following measures:  
▪ 
Spain: a temporary intervention in the Spanish electricity market, including a cap on gas prices and a 
claw-back for fixed price electricity sales contracts above €67/MWh (plus commercial margin and 
charges), as well as a new temporary levy on energy companies, credit institutions and other taxes, 
with an impact on the results for the financial years 2023 and 2024. 
▪ 
United Kingdom: the new windfall profits tax on generators of electricity from 2023 onwards. 
Other significant ongoing regulatory items include the proposed reform of the European electricity market 
design announced in March 2023, import duties on solar panels in the United States of America (the USA or 
the US), the concentration in 2023 of tariff reviews (in the USA, Brazil and the UK) and the fact that the 
electricity distribution remuneration in Spain for the years 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 is currently under appeal 
by the Group.  
The main regulatory and legal developments in Mexico that may affect the Group include the following: 
▪ 
The reform of the Electricity Industry Law (Ley de la Industria Eléctrica, LIE), which has been 
suspended through the granting of precautionary measures from amparos promoted by individuals, 
including Iberdrola México. 
▪ 
The disconnection by the National Centre for Energy Control (Centro Nacional de Control de 
Energía) of the Santiago wind farm from the system as a result of the notificiation by Empresa Filial 
CFE Intermediación de Contratos Legados, S.A. de C.V. (CFE-ICL) of the termination of the 
connection contract on the grounds that the wind farm was incorrectly sited. The Group has initiated 
commercial arbitration proceedings against CFE-ICL. 
▪ 
Delays in registering customers for the new market scheme, which are preventing Iberdrola from 
supplying these customers. 
▪ 
A fine imposed by the Energy Regulatory Commission (CRE) on Iberdrola México in an amount of 
MXN 9,145 million (U.S.$ 508 million on the basis of an exchange rate of 18 MXN per 1 U.S.$) for 
carrying out electricity sales from a self-supply company in 2019 and 2020, which has been suspended 
by the court. 
▪ 
The termination of the connection contracts to operate the Monterrey III-IV and Enertek generation 
plants on 31 January 2022 and 31 August 2022, respectively, due to the regulator’s refusal to grant 
relevant permits to operate under the market regime. The Group has obtained precautionary measures.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
▪ 
Tax audits. 
On 4 April 2023, the Group and the Mexican government reached an agreement to sell a portion of Iberdrola’s 
generation assets (see section entitled “—Litigation and arbitration risks”). 
Country risk 
The activities of the different businesses that the Group carries out are subject, to a greater or lesser extent and 
depending on their characteristics, to various risks inherent to the country where they operate. These risks 
include the following: 
▪ 
Imposition of monetary limitations and other restrictions on the movement of capital. 
▪ 
Changes in the trade environment and administrative policies, including import tariffs on certain 
equipment and services. 
▪ 
Economic crises, political instability and social riots affecting operations. 
▪ 
Nationalisation or expropriation of assets. 
▪ 
Currency transfer and convertibility risk. 
▪ 
Cancellation of operating licenses. 
▪ 
Anticipated termination of Government contracts. 
▪ 
Changes in tax rates in fees and taxes and/or new taxes. 
▪ 
Changes in the economic terms governing the hand-back of concessions. 
▪ 
Worsening of sovereign ratings, generating an increase in country risk premiums. 
▪ 
Other regulatory changes. 
The results of the Group’s subsidiaries, their market value and their contribution to the Group may be affected 
by such risks.  
The main operations of the Iberdrola Group are concentrated in Spain, the UK, the USA, Brazil and Mexico, 
with increasing presence in other countries such as France, Germany, Portugal and Australia. The presence in 
countries other than those mentioned herein is not significant at a Group level from an economic point of view 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, although there are growth plans in some other countries (focused on the 
offshore business). 
1.1.2 Business risks 
Networks business  
The Group has presence in the regulated businesses of electricity transmission and distribution in Spain, the 
UK, the USA (through Avangrid, Inc. (Avangrid)) and Brazil (through Neoenergia, S.A. (Neoenergia)). In 
the USA, the Group also has presence in the natural gas distribution sector. The regulations of each country in 
which it operates establish regularly-revised frameworks, meaning that these businesses will receive 
reasonable and predictable returns. These frameworks include incentives and penalties for efficiency, service 
quality and, where applicable, for credit cost, which have a minor, immaterial impact overall. However, any 
structural and significant changes to these frameworks may represent a risk for the Group’s Networks 
businesses.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
In general, the profitability of the Iberdrola Group’s Networks businesses is not exposed to demand risk, except 
for the Brazilian subsidiaries. The Iberdrola Group’s Networks businesses in Spain and in the UK are not 
exposed to any market risk associated with energy prices, since they do not sell energy. 
The Networks businesses in Brazil and some of the businesses in the USA sell energy to regulated customers 
at a price determined by certain previously approved tariffs. The regulatory frameworks in both countries 
guarantee, in the ordinary course of events, that sums will be collected in subsequent tariff readjustment 
reviews for possible purchase price deviations of energy from those previously recognised in the tariff.  
Given the above, in the case of extraordinary events (extreme drought in Brazil, catastrophic storms in the 
USA, pandemics, etc.), occasional temporary imbalances between payments and collections may arise which 
may have an impact on the cash flows of some of these businesses and potentially on profits recognised under 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS-EU). 
Production and commercial activities 
The Group operates in the renewables generation sector, mainly in Spain, the USA, the UK, Mexico and Brazil, 
as well as other countries. This segment includes hydroelectric, wind (onshore and offshore) and photovoltaic 
generation, as well as storage technologies (pumping and batteries). 
The Group also has a wide array of sustainable thermal production plants in Spain and Mexico, and a single 
thermal plant in Brazil. There are also back-up plants for its renewables business in the United States and 
Australia. 
Lastly, the Group is present in the retail supply of electricity and gas to end customers in Spain, the United 
Kingdom, Mexico, Brazil and other countries. 
With regard to market risk, market prices for electricity, both wholesale and retail, are closely correlated with 
the prices of fuel (predominantly gas) and of the emission allowances needed to produce electricity. These 
prices are subject to uncertainty (varying according to the structure of each country’s electricity market and its 
regulation). Forward electricity prices are further influenced by projections of new generation plants coming 
on stream and of increases or decreases in future reserve capacity. 
The margin of the generation and commercial segments is subject to the risk of the spread between the price 
obtained (either from customers in the case of retail sales or from the markets in the case of wholesale sales) 
and the cost of production. In the case of sales to customers, the uncertainty in the margin is strongly influenced 
by the greater or lesser degree of competition between retail suppliers. 
In those markets where there is insufficient uncommitted own production (Italy, France, Germany), the 
Group’s Energy Management supplies electricity and gas to the retail activity at wholesale market prices 
(hourly or forward) in accordance with the usual practices of each of the countries. 
In addition to market risks, other notable risks include: 
▪ 
Regulatory: (i) intervention in the operation of wholesale markets, (ii) modification or elimination of 
tariffs, premiums and incentives for renewables, (iii) levying or increasing energy charges on retail 
supply and (iv) other obligations (energy anti-poverty measures, maximum regulated prices in the 
United Kingdom, etc.), among other things.  
▪ 
Natural resources: the Group’s renewable energy businesses may be exposed, to a greater or lesser 
extent, to resource risk (mainly hydro and wind and, to a lesser extent, solar): 
o In the medium to long term, years with lower-than-average water and/or wind resources are 
offset by years with above-average overall resources. As a consequence of climate change, 
structural changes of the hydrological resource may be seen in the long term.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
o The risk of water scarcity in a given year largely affects Spain, and to a lesser extent Brazil 
The changes in output from a dry year to a wet year with respect to the average reference value 
can be up to -4,000 GWh and +5,000 GWh, respectively, in Spain. 
o The risk of wind resources in a given year affects all countries in which the Group operates. 
At global level, the Group considers that this risk is partially mitigated by the large number of 
wind farms in operation and their geographical diversification. 
▪ 
Promotion: the Group has major renewables projects under construction and development in the 
different countries in which it operates. In particular, offshore wind projects require large investments, 
are subject to complex proceedings and entail other risks, such as long construction processes, 
operating difficulties and technological risks. Such projects are also exposed to commodity price risk 
(aluminium, steel, polysilicon, etc.), although commodity prices are closed at the time the project 
decision is made. 
▪ 
Evolution of demand: stemming from temperature factors (largely affected by global warming), the 
general economic situation, energy efficiency measures and electrification of the economy, among 
other things. 
▪ 
Operational: from both day-to-day events and potentially extreme weather events as a consequence 
of climate change. The Group is also exposed to risks associated with nuclear power plants in Spain. 
In relation to the Group’s gas procurement activites, in 2022, the Group sold natural gas in Spain to final 
customers at fixed prices, with uncertainty associated with the difference between the purchase price and the 
price at which it is sold to customers. In addition, the Group purchased natural gas for usage in combined cycle 
gas turbines (CCGT) and cogeneration power plants, with limited risk as indexation of purchase and sale 
contracts are strongly correlated. In Mexico, the Group’s thermal generation is gas-intensive. Gas prices are 
therefore an essential component of this risk. In 2023, approximately 85% of the electricity generated in 
Mexico will be sold under long-term sales agreements (to the Federal Electricity Commission (Comisión 
Federal de Electricidad, CFE) and, to a lesser extent, to other major industrial customers and partners), 
whereby the risk associated with the purchase price of gas used in generating this electricity is passed on. 
1.1.3 Operational risks  
These relate to direct or indirect economic losses caused by external events or inadequate internal processes. 
The Group is exposed to the following operational risks, among others: 
▪ 
technological failures, human error and technological obsolescence; 
▪ 
operation, construction of facilities; 
▪ 
supply and the supply chain; 
▪ 
operational risk of market transactions; 
▪ 
cybersecurity and information systems; 
▪ 
the health and safety of people; 
▪ 
climate change, extreme natural events and pandemics; 
▪ 
sabotage and/or terrorism; 
▪ 
regulatory compliance; 
▪ 
reliability of financial and non-financial information;

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
▪ 
fraud and corruption; and 
▪ 
litigation, arbitration and tax issues. 
These risks could result in damage or destruction to the Group’s facilities and cause financial losses, as well 
as injuries to employees and third parties, damage to the environment and the Group’s reputation as well as 
potential litigation, especially in the event of power outages caused by accidents at the Group’s distribution 
networks and possible penalties imposed by the authorities. 
Although many of these risks are unpredictable, the Group seeks to mitigate them by carrying out the necessary 
investments, implementing operation and maintenance procedures and programmes (supported by quality 
control systems), planning appropriate employee training, and taking out the required insurance covering both 
material damages and civil liability. 
With regard to operational risks in Spain, the Group is exposed to the potential impacts of the unavailability 
of nuclear plants (partially covered by a loss of profits insurance policy over and above an excess), as well as 
the risks arising from the storage and handling of radioactive materials. 
Climate change represents a systemic global risk with growing impacts over the long term, and which may 
accelerate certain risks to which the Group has already been exposed to in the past. 
These risks fall into the following categories: 
▪ 
Physical risks: these are associated with a potential material impact on facilities derived from the 
effects of climate change, such as rising temperatures, rising sea levels, variations in rainfall and an 
increase in both the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events. These risks include both acute 
or one-off risks and chronic risks. Physical risks are site-specific, progressive, technology-related and 
relatively long-term, although, as in the specific case of extreme weather events, the increase in 
frequency and intensity can have adverse impacts in the short term. 
▪ 
Transition risks: these are linked to all risks that may arise during the gradual global decarbonisation 
process, such as regulatory changes, market prices, technological and reputational risks, 
whistleblowing (e.g., for deficient reporting), litigation, changes in demand, insurance costs and 
counterparty credit impairment. The main transition risks include the potential large-scale 
development of distributed generation, a reduction in wholesale marginal market prices due to higher 
renewables production at a reduced variable cost and the evolution of demand.  
With regard to cybersecurity risks, the Group may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with 
information, control systems or information and communications systems used by the Group, or by any 
consequences of unauthorised access to them or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification or 
destruction of information or information systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism in respect 
of these. 
Any of the below threats and vulnerabilities may impact the Group’s (i) Operations Technology (OT), such as 
computing and communications systems used to manage industrial operations (production, management and 
distribution of energy) or physical safety systems (fire protection, CCTV, alarm reception centres), 
(ii) administration or customer interfaces, in particular in respect of customers’ personal information subject 
to data protection rules, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Europe and similar rules 
in other countries, and (iii) reputation. 
These risks are managed in accordance with the basic principles defined in internal rules promoting the safe 
use of IT and communications systems and other cyber assets, focused on the detection, prevention, defence 
and response abilities before possible attacks. 
1.1.4 Other ESG risks

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
While the Group has policies and procedures in place to monitor and mitigate material risks to which it is 
subject, under the supervision of the Board of Directors, with the support of its different committees and the 
management of the businesses and corporate divisions, it is subject to other non-financial risks described 
below. 
The comprehensive risk control and management system provides for the continuous monitoring and detection 
of emerging risks that are not strictly financial in nature and which have risen in prominence in recent years, 
such as environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors. The impact of such risks, which are reported 
both internally and externally, can be of a varied nature, both in economic and reputational terms. 
While most of the risks with an ESG impact have already been described above, the risks of fraud and 
corruption are highlighted below. The Iberdrola Group has a Compliance System in place consisting of a set 
of substantive rules, formal procedures and material actions aimed at guaranteeing compliance with ethical 
principles and applicable legal provisions and preventing, avoiding and mitigating risks resulting from 
irregular, unethical or illegal behaviours from professionals within the Group. Departments and divisions 
which have been directly tasked with the execution and development of this set of rules, formal procedures 
and material actions are also part of the Group’s Compliance System. As part of the Compliance System, the 
Code of Ethics and the Compliance Unit has been developed following the most stringent domestic and 
international practices in terms of compliance, fraud prevention and fight against corruption. 
1.2 
Financial risks 
The Group is structurally subject to financial risks over which it keeps a permanent control, monitoring the 
performance of the different financial markets where it operates and complying with the risk limits set by its 
risk policies.  
1.2.1 Liquidity risk 
The exposure to adverse situations in the debt or capital markets or to events resulting from the Group’s 
economic and financial situation might hinder or prevent the Group from obtaining the financing required to 
properly carry on its business activities. 
The Group’s liquidity policy is designed to ensure that it can meet its payment obligations without having to 
obtain financing under unfavourable terms. For this purpose, various management measures are used, such as 
maintaining committed credit facilities that are adequate in terms of amount, term and flexibility, 
diversification in the satisfaction of financing needs through access to different markets and geographical 
areas, and diversification of the maturities of the debt issued. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a solid liquidity position in cash and sufficient available credit lines 
to comfortably comply with liquidity requirements even in the case of a greater contraction of markets. 
1.2.2 Interest rate risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in market interest rates affecting cash flows and the market 
value of debt in respect of items in the balance sheet (debt and derivatives). In order to adequately manage and 
limit this risk, the Group defines the optimal proportion of fixed and floating rate debt annually. Once the 
objective structure has been defined, dynamic management is carried out throughout the year with the aim of 
ensuring compliance with objective structure and risk limits: new financing at a fixed or floating rate and / or 
close interest rate derivatives, either to fix the interest rate (or limit its variability) of floating rate debt or to 
swap debt from fixed to floating rate. Derivatives may also be used to set the cost of future debt issues, provided 
they are highly probable. 
Floating rate borrowings and cash placements are typically pegged to market rates (mainly Euribor, €STR, 
SONIA, Libor-dollar, SOFR and the Broad National Consumer Price Index of Brazil (the Índice Nacional de

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Preços ao Consumidor Amplo or IPCA) or the Brazilian Interbank Deposit (Certificado de Depósito 
Interbancário or CDI) for the debt of Brazilian subsidiaries).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, major central banks have started to slow down the pace of their 
tightening policies trying to balance the control of extraordinary inflation rates, the risk of economic recession 
and the financial stability. Uncertainty about inflation evolution persists, increasing the risk of further interest 
rates hikes or the maintenance of high interest rates for a longer period. 
1.2.3 Exchange rate risk 
Currency risk resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency rates compared to the functional currency can 
occur in the following scenarios: 
▪ 
Collections and payments for supplies, services or equipment acquisition in currencies other than the 
operating currency. 
▪ 
Income and expenses incurred by certain foreign subsidiaries indexed to currencies other than the 
operating currency. 
▪ 
Debt and financial expense denominated in currencies other than the operating currency. 
▪ 
Consolidated profit or loss of the foreign subsidiaries (mainly US dollar, pounds sterling and Brazilian 
reais), as the Iberdrola Group’s reporting currency is the euro. 
▪ 
Consolidated net equity value of investments in foreign subsidiaries. 
▪ 
Expense for taxes in Mexico because the operating currency (US dollar) differs from the currency for 
purposes of calculation of corporate tax (Mexican peso).  
The Group reduces this risk by: 
▪ 
Carrying out all its economic flows in the operating currency of each Group company, provided that 
this is possible and economically viable and efficient, or otherwise through the use of financial 
derivatives. 
▪ 
Financially hedging, as far as possible, the risk of transfer of earnings expected for the current year, 
thereby limiting the ultimate impact on Group earnings. 
▪ 
Financially hedging, as far as possible, the exchange rate risk in the Mexican corporate tax, thereby 
limiting the ultimate impact on the earnings of Mexico and of the Group. 
▪ 
Mitigating the impact on the consolidated net equity value of a hypothetical depreciation of currencies 
due to the Group’s investments in foreign subsidiaries by maintaining an adequate percentage of 
foreign currency debt, as well as through financial derivatives. 
Furthermore, the Group’s diversification in the different geographies and the strength of the business 
currencies such as the Euro, the US dollar and the pound sterling act as an important mitigating factor for the 
stability of the Group’s results. 
1.2.4 Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk arising from the possibility that counterparties (such as customers, 
suppliers, financial institutions, partners and insurers) fail to comply with contractual obligations.  
This risk is properly managed and limited, depending on the type of transaction and the creditworthiness of 
counterparties. In particular, there is a Corporate Credit Risk Policy setting the framework and action principles

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
for proper risk management, which are further developed at business and country level (such as admission 
criteria, approval flows, authority levels, rating tools and exposure measurement methodologies) through 
procedures. 
With regard to credit risk on trade receivables from electricity and gas retail supply activity in the liberalised 
market, the historical cost of defaults has remained moderate, at approximately 1% of total turnover of this 
activity across all countries in which it is carried out. In the Networks businesses in Spain and the UK, no 
energy is supplied, and in the Networks businesses in the US and Brazil, in general, arrears are recovered 
through rates. 
1.2.5 Solvency risk 
The Group faces the risk of its financial situation getting worse and leading to a downward revision of the 
credit rating assigned by rating agencies, which may make financing more expensive or unavailable. In order 
to mitigate this risk, the Group continuously monitors the solvency and equity ratios most commonly followed 
by rating agencies as well as the risks that may have an impact on those ratios in order to anticipate or undertake 
actions aimed at correcting possible instances of non-compliance. 
Moreover, communication is active with investors and rating agencies in order to explain the performance of 
financial indicators and their deviations, if any. 
1.3 
Other risks  
1.3.1 Litigation and arbitration risks 
The Group companies are party to certain in-court and out-of-court disputes within the ordinary course of their 
activities, the final result of which is generally uncertain. An adverse result or an out-of-court resolution of 
these or other proceedings in the future could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
situation, operating results and cash flows, and its reputation. As is standard practice, provisions have been 
made for this purpose, based on the opinion of the Group’s legal advisers.  
1.3.2 The Group may engage in acquisitions and investments and disposals from time to time 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of interests from time to time. There can be 
no assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to 
complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any 
acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of 
risks, including possible adverse effects on the Group’s operating income, risks associated with unanticipated 
events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been disclosed during due 
diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, technologies, systems, 
services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered by a change of control 
of an acquired company. 
Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In particular, with regard to the proposed merger between Avangrid and PNM Resources, Inc. (PNM), on 12 
April 2023, both entities agreed to extend the merger agreement through 20 July 2023. On 15 May 2023, the 
New Mexico Supreme Court rejected the petition by PNM, Avangrid and the New Mexico Public Regulation 
Commission (NMPRC) to dismiss the appeal previously filed by PNM/Avangrid against the initial rejection 
by the regulator of their merger, and called for an oral hearing on 12 September 2023. 
In addition, on 4 April 2023, two Mexican subsidiaries of the Group entered into a memorandum of 
understanding with Mexico Infrastructure Partners FF, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (MIP) for the acquisition by a private 
trust managed by MIP of the entire share capital of certain companies holding power generation facilities with

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
an aggregate installed capacity of 8,539 MW in Mexico, of which 8,436 MW relate to CCGTs and 103 MW 
relate to an onshore wind asset. The valuation agreed for the sale of those assets (in terms of enterprise value, 
on a cash- and debt-free basis, of the companies holding the assets) is approximately U.S.$6,000 million, 
subject to variations depending on the closing date of the transaction and other potential adjustments customary 
in these types of agreements. The transaction is subject to the agreement and execution of definitive contracts 
by the parties, as well as to obtaining the required regulatory approvals and to the satisfaction of certain 
customary conditions precedent. The transaction relies on the financial support of the Mexican National 
Infrastructure Fund (Fondo Nacional de Infraestructura de México or FONADIN) and other state-owned 
financial institutions linked to the Mexican government.  
1.3.3 Risks relating to macro-economic conditions  
Economic growth and macroeconomic conditions (for example, consumer confidence, unemployment trends 
and financial markets) of the countries in which the Group operates can affect the Group’s operations. Such 
conditions can also result from the deterioration of the economy of third countries, given the high level of 
interconnectivity of the global economy. The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to 
develop in the short term or the coming years. Any further deterioration of the current economic situation in 
the markets in which the Group operates or elsewhere could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
With regard to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Group does not have any exposure to Russian gas. In 
Mexico, the gas is procured from Mexico and the USA, while in Europe, the Group procures its gas needs at 
the virtual trading points (gas hubs) in each country where it meets its final demand and therefore, does not 
import gas into any country and more specifically, does not import gas from Russia to cover its needs. 
While the Group has no direct exposure to Russian gas or Russian counterparties, there can be no assurance 
that the Group will not be indirectly impacted by the crisis through the effect of sanctions on EU economies, 
(including, among other things, higher interest rates and higher volatility of exchange rates and commodity 
prices), possible disruptions in the supply chain and possible Russian cyber attacks. 
(II) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. 
2.1 
Risks relating to the structure of the Subordinated Notes 
2.1.1 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes are subordinated and unsecured 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank junior to the claims of unsubordinated and other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, 
except for subordinated creditors whose claims are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the 
Subordinated Notes. See Condition 3 (Status and Guarantee) of the Subordinated Notes.  
Pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, subordination contractual arrangements will be 
recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer provided that such contractual subordination 
does not prejudice any third parties and the debtor is part of the relevant subordination arrangement. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Holder of Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the Issuer 
being declared in insolvency (concurso) under the Spanish Insolvency Law, only be made after, and any set-
off by a Holder of Subordinated Notes shall be excluded until, all obligations of the Issuer resulting from 
higher ranking claims have been satisfied. A Holder of Subordinated Notes may therefore recover less than 
the holders of unsubordinated or other subordinated liabilities of the Issuer or for payments to the Holder of 
Subordinated Notes to be delayed compared to holders of such other claims. Subject to applicable law, no 
Holder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Holder shall, by virtue of being the Holder of 
any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. Although subordinated debt 
securities may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there 
is a real risk that an investor in subordinated securities such as the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of 
its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
2.1.2 
The Guarantee relating to the Subordinated Notes (the Subordinated Guarantee) is a subordinated  
and unsecured obligation 
The Guarantor’s obligations under the Subordinated Guarantee will be unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Guarantor. In the event of the Guarantor being declared in insolvency (concurso) under the Spanish 
Insolvency Law, the Guarantor’s obligations under the Subordinated Guarantee will, subject to mandatory 
provisions of Spanish applicable law, be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all 
other liabilities of the Guarantor, except for obligations which rank equally with or junior to the Subordinated 
Guarantee. See Condition 3 (Status and Guarantee) of the Subordinated Notes. 
Pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, subordination contractual arrangements will be 
recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor provided that such contractual subordination 
does not prejudice any third parties and the debtor is part of the relevant subordination arrangement. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are advised that unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor may also arise 
out of events that are not reflected on the balance sheet of the Guarantor including, without limitation, the 
issuance of guarantees on an unsubordinated basis. Claims made under such guarantees will become generally 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor that in the event of insolvency of the Guarantor will need to be paid 
in full before the obligations under the Subordinated Guarantee may be satisfied. 
2.1.3. There are no events of default or cross default under the Subordinated Notes 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default or cross default allowing 
acceleration of the Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails 
to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes or the Subordinated Guarantee, as the case may be, 
including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right to require the early redemption of 
principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to the Holders for recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings 
to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Issuer or the Guarantor, by 
virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it. 
2.1.4 
The Subordinated Notes are undated securities 
The Subordinated Notes are undated securities, with no specified maturity date. The Issuer is under no 
obligation to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes at any time and the Holders have no right to require 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period of time 
and may not recover their investment in the foreseeable future. 
2.1.5 
The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in certain circumstances 
Holders should be aware that the Subordinated Notes may, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, on the dates and at the amounts set out in the 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. This may include redemption at par or a Make-whole Amount, and will 
be paid together with Arrears of Interest. The Issuer may also redeem Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in 
part, in certain other circumstances, including upon the occurrence of a Tax Law Change, an Accounting Event 
or a Capital Event to the extent specified in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem or is perceived to be able to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the 
market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Subordinated Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. The relevant redemption amount may be 
less than the then current market value of the Subordinated Notes. 
2.1.6 
The Issuer might not be able to redeem the Subordinated Notes after a Change of Control Event 
To the extent that Change of Control Call Option is applicable, at or around the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Guarantor intends to undertake to holders of certain of its securities (Qualifying Securities) that 
following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event in respect of which the Issuer intends to deliver a notice 
exercising its right to redeem the Subordinated Notes under Condition 6(i) (Change of Control Call Option), 
it will do so only after making a tender offer, directly or indirectly, to all holders of Qualifying Securities to 
repurchase the Qualifying Securities at their respective aggregate nominal amounts together with any interest 
accrued until the day of completion of the repurchase. As a consequence, Holders should be aware that there 
may not be sufficient funds to redeem the Subordinated Notes after the repurchase of Qualifying Securities.  
2.1.7 
It is not possible to anticipate whether the Issuer will be entitled to redeem Subordinated Notes upon 
the occurrence of certain events, including a Tax Law Change, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event 
As indicated under “―2.1.5 The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in certain circumstances”, the 
Issuer may be entitled to redeem the Subordinated Notes. However, it is not possible to anticipate whether or 
not the grounds giving the Issuer the right to redeem will arise and the Issuer and the Guarantor will have no 
(or limited) control over whether these grounds arise. This is particularly so in the case of redemption rights 
which arise as a result of a Tax Law Change, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event. 
If, as a result of a Tax Law Change in respect of (i) the Issuer’s obligation to make any payment under the 
Subordinated Notes (including any interest payment) on the next following Interest Payment Date; or (ii) the 
obligation of a Subordinated Loan Borrower to make any payment in favour of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Loan on the next following due date for such payment, the Issuer or Subordinated Loan Borrower 
(as the case may be) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of computing its tax liabilities 
in the Kingdom of Spain, or such entitlement is materially reduced, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes. The direct connection between a Tax Event and the Subordinated Loan may limit the 
Issuer’s ability to prevent the occurrence of a Tax Event, and may increase the possibility of the Issuer 
exercising its option to redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence thereof.  
In June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the discussion paper DP/2018/1 
on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the DP/2018/1 Paper). While the final timing and 
outcome are uncertain, if the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented in their current form, 
the IFRS equity classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as equity instruments 
may change and this may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. Furthermore, in February 2022, the 
IASB met to continue its discussions on applying IAS 32. The IASB discussed the classification of a financial 
instrument with a contractual obligation to deliver cash (or to settle it in such a way that it would be a financial 
liability) at the discretion of the issuer’s shareholders and tentatively decided to explore a factors-based 
approach to help an entity apply its judgement when classifying these types of financial instruments as 
financial liabilities or as equity. This assessment is needed to determine whether an entity has an unconditional 
right to avoid delivering cash (or settling a financial instrument in such a way that it would be a financial 
liability).The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such 
proposals that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
is uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from an accounting perspective or whether any such change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting 
Event, thereby providing the Issuer with the option to redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to the 
Conditions.  
A Rating Agency may change its rating methodology or may apply a different set of criteria after the Issue 
Date (due to changes in the rating previously assigned to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or to any other 
reasons), and as a result (i) the Subordinated Notes may no longer be eligible (or if the Subordinated Notes 
have been partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from 
such rating agency in part or in full as a result, all or any of the Subordinated Notes that would no longer have 
been eligible as a result of an amendment, clarification, change in hybrid capital methodology or change in the 
interpretation had they not been refinanced) for the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” attributable to 
the Subordinated Notes at the date of their issue or (ii) the length of time the Subordinated Notes are assigned 
a particular level of “equity credit” would be shortened as compared to the length of time they would have 
been assigned that level of “equity credit” on the initial issuance of the Subordinated Notes, in which case the 
Issuer may elect to redeem all of the Subordinated Notes. 
2.1.8 
The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes after a Tax Event relating to an intra-group loan 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes will be on-lent by the Issuer to a Subordinated Loan 
Borrower pursuant to a Subordinated Loan (as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes).  
The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in certain circumstances, including if, as a result of a Tax Law 
Change (as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), in respect of (i) the Issuer’s obligation to 
make any payment under the Subordinated Notes (including any interest payment) on the next following 
Interest Payment Date; or (ii) the obligation of a Subordinated Loan Borrower to make any payment in favour 
of the Issuer under the Subordinated Loan on the next following due date for such payment, the Issuer or 
Subordinated Loan Borrower (as the case may be) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction in respect 
of computing its tax liabilities in the Kingdom of Spain, or such entitlement is materially reduced. 
The direct connection between a Tax Event and the Subordinated Loan may limit the Issuer’s ability to prevent 
the occurrence of a Tax Event, and may increase the possibility of the Issuer exercising its option to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence thereof. 
2.1.9 
The Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, at its discretion, elect to defer (in whole or in part) any payment of interest on the Subordinated 
Notes. Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute a default for any purpose. See Condition 5 
(Optional Interest Deferral)  of the Subordinated Notes. Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes the 
payment of which is deferred will, so long as the same remains outstanding, constitute Arrears of Interest (as 
defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). Arrears of Interest will be payable as outlined in 
Conditions 5(b) (Optional Settlement of Arrears of Interest)) and 5(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of 
Interest) of the Subordinated Notes.  
While the deferral of payment of interest continues, the Issuer is not prohibited from making payments on any 
instrument ranking senior to the Subordinated Notes, or, in certain limited circumstances, on certain 
instruments ranking pari passu or junior to the Subordinated Notes as outlined in Condition 5(c) (Mandatory 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest) of the Subordinated Notes, and in such event, the Holders are not entitled to 
claim immediate payment of interest so deferred. 
As a result of the interest deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated 
Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or 
interest payments are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in 
the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s financial condition. Investors should be aware that any deferral of interest

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
payments or any perceived increase in the likelihood thereof may have an adverse effect on the market price 
of the Subordinated Notes. 
2.1.10 Substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes 
There is a risk that, after the issue of the Subordinated Notes, a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Capital Event may occur which would entitle the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, to substitute or vary the Subordinated Notes 
(including the substitution of the Subordinated Notes for securities issued by a wholly-owned finance 
subsidiary of the Guarantor resident in a tax jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain), subject to certain 
conditions intended to protect the interests of the Holders, so that after such substitution or variation the 
Subordinated Notes remain or become, as the case may be, eligible for the same or (from the perspective of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor) more favourable tax, accounting or ratings treatment than the treatment to which 
they were entitled prior to the relevant event occurring. While such substitution or variation of the 
Subordinated Notes is subject to certain conditions intended to protect the interests of the Holders (as a class) 
there can be no assurance that such substitution or variation will not have an adverse impact on the price of, 
and/or the market for, the Subordinated Notes or the circumstances of individual Holders. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent 
shall not be obliged to have regard to the tax position of individual Holders or to the tax consequences of any 
such substitution or variation for individual Holders. No Holder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon individual Holders. Any such substitution or 
variation may have an adverse impact on the price of, and/or the market for, the Subordinated Notes. 
2.1.11 No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities or other liabilities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which the Issuer or the Guarantor may 
issue, incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes or the 
Subordinated Guarantee (as the case may be). The issue of any such securities, the granting of any such 
guarantees or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Holders on the insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) and/or may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes. 
If the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the Holders could suffer direct 
and materially adverse consequences, including loss of interest and, if the Issuer and/or the Guarantor were 
liquidated (whether voluntarily or not), the Holders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
2.1.12 Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may affect the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes 
A credit rating agency may change its methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the 
Subordinated Notes in the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s 
senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes sometimes 
called “notching”. If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future 
and the ratings of the Subordinated Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact 
on the trading price of the Subordinated Notes. 
2.1.13 Change of law 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Notes are based on laws, tax practices, accounting and rating agencies 
methodologies in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any possible judicial decision or change to relevant law or administrative, tax, accounting practices or a change 
in the rating agencies methodologies after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
2.2 
Use of Proceeds Risks 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be on-lent by the Issuer to the Guarantor to be used by the 
Group for general corporate purposes. The Guarantor may also choose to apply the proceeds from the issue of 
any Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined 
under “Use of Proceeds” below) in accordance with prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the Iberdrola 
Framework for Green Financing (any such Notes, Green Bonds). See also the section entitled “Use of 
Proceeds” for further detail. 
Regardless of whether any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) and 
the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act adopted by the European Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or, if and to the extent finally approved, the Regulation of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on European green bonds, a draft of which was proposed by the European 
Commission on 6 July 2021 with reference 2021/0191(COD) (the Draft European Green Bond Regulation) 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Eligible Green Projects. In addition, although the Issuer or the Guarantor may agree at the time 
of issue of any Green Bonds to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds so specified in, or substantially in 
accordance with, the eligibility criteria, it would not be an Event of Default under the Notes if the Issuer or the 
Guarantor were to fail to comply with such obligations for whatever reason. 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm may be requested to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible 
Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects 
set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (GBP) and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental 
and sustainability project (any such second-party opinion, a Second-party Opinion). A Second-party Opinion 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an 
amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of “Green Bonds”. A Second-
party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current 
as of the date it is released. In addition, although the Guarantor may agree at the time of issue of any Green 
Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds (including in the case of certain divestments described under 
“Use of Proceeds”) it would not be an event of default under the Notes if the Guarantor were to fail to comply 
with such obligations. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Notes and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. Notes issued, 
if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets.  
Neither the Second-party Opinion nor the Iberdrola Framework for Green Financing are not, nor should be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus and it is available at the website of the 
Guarantor. No assurance is given that such Second-party Opinion correctly assesses the potential 
environmental impact of the issue of the Notes or the Issuer or Guarantor generally. Such Second-party 
Opinion generally is only current as of the date it is released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant provider(s) at any time. Currently the providers of green evaluations are not subject to any specific 
regulatory regime or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any Second-party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. In particular, no

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
assurance or representation is made or given that any such Second-party Opinion reflects any present or future 
requirements, investment criteria or guidelines which may apply to any investor or its investments.  
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Projects, or 
any failure to meet, or continue to meet the eligibility criteria, or the withdrawal of any Second-Party Opinion 
or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended by either Issuer to finance Eligible Green Projects or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves whether the proposed Green Bonds meet their requisite investment 
criteria and conduct any other investigations they deem necessary to reach their own conclusions as to the 
merits of investing in any such Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing 
market consensus will not significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the 
determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the 
implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for the 
environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Likewise, the Draft European Green Bond 
Regulation includes a set of requirements that bonds and Notes shall comply with in order to be labelled as 
“European Green Bonds”. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear (i) when the Draft 
European Green Bond Regulation will be finally approved (on 1 March 2023 it was reported that a provisional 
political agreement was reached concerning the final text but the provisional political agreement still needs to 
be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and the European Parliament) and (ii) if the Draft European 
Green Bond Regulation will be subject to modifications or amendments before its approval. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors in Green Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. 
2.3 
Risks relating to payments 
2.3.1 
Certain Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer or may be redeemed prior to maturity in the case of 
any particular Tranche of Senior Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at 
the Issuer’s option, for example pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the 
Senior Notes, Condition 6(f) (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Subordinated Notes, Condition 6(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Amount) of the Subordinated Notes, Condition 6(f) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option) of the Senior Notes, Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control) of the Subordinated Notes or Condition 6(g) (Redemption following 
a Substantial Purchase Event) of the Senior Notes. In certain circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as 
that of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
2.3.2 
Risks relating to withholding in respect of payments made by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of Foral Decree of the territory of Bizkaia 205/2008 and 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Notes to 
any Noteholder, irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain or not. The foregoing is

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
subject to the fulfilment of certain information procedures described in “Taxation in Spain―Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes” below. 
In this regard, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, any interest paid by the 
Issuer under securities that (i) can be regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and (ii) are 
initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or 
under those of another OECD member state, will be made free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the 
relevant paying agent fulfils the information procedures described in “Taxation in Spain―Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes” below. The Issuer considers that the Notes meet the requirements 
referred to in (i) and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to Holders should be paid 
free of Spanish withholding tax (subject to the fulfilment of the aforementioned information procedures). 
Notwithstanding the above, with regard to Holders subject to Spanish Corporate Income Tax whose Notes are 
deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, withholding could be made by such 
depositary or custodian if the Notes were considered as not compliant with the relevant exemption 
requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) on 
27 July 2004. According to said ruling, application of the withholding exemption requires that, in addition to 
the Notes being traded in an organised market of an OECD country, they are placed outside Spain in another 
OECD country. If it was determined that such withholding exemption does not apply on the basis that the 
Notes were placed, totally or partially, in Spain, said depositaries or custodians could eventually make such a 
withholding at the applicable rate, currently 19 per cent. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, including but not 
limited to the Bizkaia Tax Administration, the Issuer will inform the Holders of the new information 
procedures and of their implications, as it might be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments 
under the Notes if the Holders do not comply with such new information procedures. 
Holders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax 
treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, or the Paying Agent assume any 
responsibility thereof. 
2.4 
Risks relating to interest 
2.4.1 
Fixed rate securities have a market risk 
A Holder of a Note with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the price of such security falls as a 
result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital market (the Market Interest Rate). While the 
nominal interest rate of a Note with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a 
certain period of time, the Market Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. A change of the Market 
Interest Rate causes the price of such Note to change. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such 
security typically falls. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of a Note with a fixed interest rate typically 
increases. Investors should be aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price 
of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Holders if they sell the Notes. 
2.4.2 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
2.4.3 
Interest rate reset in may result in a decline of yield 
A Subordinated Note with a fixed interest rate that will be reset during the term of the Subordinated Notes (as 
will be the case for the Subordinated Notes on each Reset Date if not previously redeemed) is exposed to the 
risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the yield of such securities in advance. 
2.4.4 
Dealer as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Holders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Holders. 
2.4.5 
Risk relating to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks” 
The regulation, reform and discontinuation of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing 
such benchmarks.  
EURIBOR, swap rates and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” to which the interest on securities may be linked are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform.  
The BMR and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, 
the UK BMR) apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK respectively. These regulations could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of any such regulation. In each case, 
such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. On 11 May 2021, the working group on 
Euro risk-free rates published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk-free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the €STR as the new risk-free 
rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the BMR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR, the UK BMR and any other regulations relating to benchmarks and/or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Notes referencing such benchmark.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
2.4.6 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and eurobonds 
respectively and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the 
Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.  
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-
free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have 
been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions of the Senior Notes, will gain widespread 
market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine 
the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued 
under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in future also issue notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR Compounded Index that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR Compounded Index referenced 
Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell 
such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical perfom1ance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or €STR 
Compounded Index. 
2.4.7 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and 
payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes or 
Condition 10 (Enforcement Events and No Events of Default) of the Subordinated Notes or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
2.4.8 
If a Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate 
Notes will be changed in ways that may be adverse to the holders of such Notes, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained 
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes or 
the Subordinated Notes were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See Condition 5(c) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation:) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation:) of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
In relation to the Senior Notes, where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions of the Senior Notes provide that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is 
an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen 
rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. 
In relation to the Senior Notes, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions of the Senior Notes provide 
that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or 
replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant 
Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation 
Agent. Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference 
Rate was discontinued. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest 
that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(c) (Benchmark Discontinuation:) of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation:) of the Subordinated Notes) occurs (which, among other events, 
includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate), the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero) to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate with the application of an Adjustment Spread to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to 
result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to be referenced. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a successor rate or an alternative reference rate or any adjustments thereto in accordance with the 
relevant Conditions, the ultimate fallback (i) in relation to the Senior Notes, for a particular Interest Accrual 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest being equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period and (ii) in relation to the Subordinated Notes, for a particular 
Reset Period may result in the relevant Reset Rate for the next succeeding Reset Period being equal to the last 
observable Reset Rate on the Relevant Screen Page. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on the Notes.   
In relation to the Senior Notes, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred (each as defined in Condition 5(d) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event:) of the Senior Notes) has occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purpose relating to the Senior Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time without any requirement for the consent of approval of 
Holders. The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by 
the Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Senior 
Notes in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Senior Notes, which 
could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Senior Notes, without any requirement that 
the consent of holders of such Senior Notes be obtained. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics 
of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will 
produce the economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Senior Notes. 
In relation to the Subordinated Notes, notwithstanding the fallback provisions relating to Benchmark Events 
discussed above, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment 
Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to the “equity credit” assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Benchmark Event from such Rating 
Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating 
Agency. 
2.5 
Risks related to Notes generally

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
2.5.1 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes 
Because Notes in global form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes the Issuer and the Guarantor will discharge their 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Deed of Covenant.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which under the relevant Conditions have a minimum denomination of euro 
100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (or, where the specified currency is not euro, 
its equivalent in the specified currency) (each, a Specified Denomination), it is possible that Notes may be 
traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified currency). 
In such a case, should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a holder who, as a result of trading, holds a 
principal amount of less than euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified currency) in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive all of his entitlement in the form of definitive 
Notes, and consequently may not be able to receive interest or principal in respect of all of his entitlement, 
unless and until such time as his holding becomes an integral multiple of a Specified Denomination. 
Furthermore, at any meeting of Holders while the relevant Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note, 
any vote cast shall only be valid if it is in respect of a minimum of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the 
specified currency). 
2.5.2 
There may not be any active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there is currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche of Notes). If the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that any particular Tranche of Notes will 
be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
2.5.3 
Majority decisions bind all Holders

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders of a Tranche of Notes including 
Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. 
3 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including exchange rate and exchange control 
risks and risks relating to credit ratings. 
3.1 
Risks relating to exchange rates and exchange control 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3.2 
Risks related to credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. A credit rating is not a 
statement as to the likelihood of deferral of interest on the Subordinated Notes. Holders of Subordinated Notes 
have a greater risk of deferral of interest payments than persons holding other securities with similar credit 
ratings but no, or more limited, interest deferral provisions. 
In general, European regulated institutions are restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out in the table below which is contained within the following documents, which have 
previously been published and which have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus (together, the Documents Incorporated by Reference): 
a) an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual accounts 
of Iberdrola Finanzas for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (Iberdrola Finanzas, 2022 
Financials) available for viewing on:  
Financial-statements-of-Iberdrola-Finanzas-for-the-year-2022.pdf; 
b) an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual accounts 
of Iberdrola Finanzas for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (Iberdrola Finanzas, 2021 
Financials) available for viewing on:  
Financial statements of Iberdrola Finanzas for the year 2021.pdf; 
c) an English translation of the results presentation for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (Iberdrola, 
S.A. Q1 Results 2023) available for viewing on:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/3103725/Report-23Q1.pdf; 
d) an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (Iberdrola, S.A. 2022 Financials) 
available for viewing on:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/2931678/gsm23_FinancialStatements_AuditorsReport_Co
nsolidated2022.pdf; 
e) an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (Iberdrola, S.A. 2021 Financials) 
available for viewing on:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/1606413/gsm22_FinancialStatements_AuditorsReport_Co
nsolidated2021.pdf; 
f) Alternative performance measures of the Guarantor for the three months ended 31 March 2023 
(Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 2023 APMs) available for viewing on:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/3103725/alternative-performance-measures-23Q1.pdf; 
g) Alternative performance measures of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
(Iberdrola, S.A. 2022 APMs) available for viewing on:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/2955414/alternative-performance-measures-FY22.pdf;  
h) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 63 to 94 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 June 2016 prepared by the Issuer and Iberdrola International BV (Iberdrola 
International) in connection with the Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/Base_Prospectus_2016.pdf#page=63;  
i) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 66 to 97 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 28 July 2017 prepared by the Issuer and Iberdrola International in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/Base_Prospectus_2017.pdf#page=66; 
j) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 70 to 101 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus 
dated 1 August 2018 prepared by the Issuer and Iberdrola International in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/Base_Prospectus_2018.pdf#page=70;  
k) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 41 to 75 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 June 2019 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/base_prospectus_19.pdf#page=41; 
l) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 34 to 67 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 June 2020 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/base_prospectus_240620.pdf#page=34; 
m) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 38 to 85 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 June 2021 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/EMTN_Update_2021_Base_Prospectus_Iberdrola_
250621.pdf#page=38; 
n) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 46 to 132 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42025/EMTN_Update_2022_Base_Prospectus_Iberdrola_
020622.pdf; 
o) the Sustainability Report 2022 available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/2931678/gsm23_IA_SustainabilityReport2022.pdf; 
p) the Integrated Report 2023 available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/2931678/gsm23_IA_IntegratedReport23.pdf; and 
q) the Annual Corporate Governance Report 2022 available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/2931678/gsm23_AnnualCorporateGovernance2022.pdf. 
The information set out in the table below, which is required by the Prospectus Regulation, is contained in the 
Documents Incorporated by Reference  
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
 
Iberdrola Finanzas 2022 Financials

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
Independent auditor’s report on the annual accounts 
PDF sheet number 2-5 
Balance sheet 
2 
Income statement 
3 
Statement of changes in equity 
4-5 
Statement of cash flows 
6 
Notes to the annual accounts 
7-36 
Directors’ report 
37-38 
Proposed distribution of profit 
39 
 
 
Iberdrola Finanzas 2021 Financials 
 
Independent auditor’s report on the annual accounts 
PDF sheet number 2-5 
Balance sheet 
2 
Income statement 
3 
Statement of changes in equity 
4-5 
Statement of cash flows 
6 
Notes to the annual accounts 
7-32 
Directors’ report 
33-34 
Proposed distribution of profit 
35 
 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 Results 2023  
 
Core business figures 
4-11 
Financial statement tables 
49-57 
Glossary of terms 
83-85 
 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. 2022 Financials  
 
Auditor’s report 
PDF sheet number 3-11

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
4-5 
Consolidated income statements  
6 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
7 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity 
8-9 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
10 
Notes to audited consolidated annual accounts 
11-44, 49-189 
Appendix I — Additional information for 2022 in relation to group 
companies, joint arrangements and associates of the Iberdrola Group 
190-210 
Appendix II — Sector regulations: Most significant regulatory 
developments in the year 
211-230 
Consolidated management report  
231-268, 299-310 
 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. 2021 Financials  
 
Auditor’s report 
PDF sheet number 3-11 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
4-5 
Consolidated income statements  
6 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
7 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity 
8-9 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
10 
Notes to audited consolidated annual accounts 
11-41, 47-174 
Appendix I — Additional information for 2021 in relation to group 
companies, joint arrangements and associates of the Iberdrola Group 
175-194 
Appendix II — Sector regulations: Most significant regulatory 
developments in the year 
195-211 
Consolidated management report  
212-257, 283-292 
 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 2023 APMs 
PDF sheet number 1-4 
 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. 2022 APMs 
PDF sheet number 1-4

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
 
 
Sustainability Report 2022 
 
External Independent Assurance Report on the Statement of Non-Financial 
Information. Sustainability Report   
PDF sheet number 4-8 
Letter from the Chairman  
5-9 
Recognitions/awards, presence on sustainability indices and ESG ratings 
10-11 
I. Iberdrola, the utility of the future  
12 
I.1. About Iberdrola  
13-27 
I.2. Governance and Sustainability System 
28-35 
I.3. Climate action and TCFD 
36-60 
I.4. Our ESG + F proposal 
61-65 
II. Environmental 
66 
II.1. Fight against climate change and protection of biodiversity 
69-104 
III. Social 
105 
III.1. Protection of human rights 
107-115 
III.2. Stakeholder engagement 
116-124 
III.3. Commitment to quality employment 
125-156 
III.4. Quality and safety for our customers through innovation and 
digitalisation 
157-176 
III.5. Promotion of socially responsible practices in the supply chain 
177-186 
III.6. Contribution to the well-being of our communities 
187-203 
IV. Governance 
204 
IV.1. Good governance, transparency and stakeholder engagement 
206-224 
V. Financial 
225-226 
V.1. Sustainable Economic Growth 
227-248 
VI. About this report 
249-251 
VI.1. Scope of information 
252-257 
VI.2. Defining report content. Materiality analysis 
258-261

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
VI.3. Disclosures from the Statement of Non-Financial Information  
262-266 
VI.4. GRI content index  
267-277 
VI.5. SASB content index 
278-283 
VI.6. Content index in relation to the principles of the Global Compact 
284-287 
VI.7. Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures content index 
288-291 
VII. Annexes 
292 
VII.1. Annex 1: Information Supplementary to the Statement of Non-
Financial Information - Sustainability Report 2022 
293-327 
 
 
Integrated Report 2023 
 
Iberdrola today 
10-37 
Business model and strategy 
38-42, 47-51, 53-56, 58-
61 
Environment 
62-73 
Social 
74-93 
Governance  
94-108 
Finance 
109-113 
About this report 
114-117 
Glossary of terms and abbreviations 
118 
 
 
Annual Corporate Governance Report 2022 
 
Ownership structure 
2-9 
General shareholders’ meeting 
10-11 
Structure of the company’s administration 
12-61 
Related party and intragroup transactions 
62-66 
Risk management and control systems 
67-74 
Internal risk management and control systems related to the process of 
publishing financial information (ICFRS)  
74-86

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
Degree of compliance with corporate governance recommendations 
87-104 
Further information of interest 
105-110 
The parts of these documents that are not listed in the cross reference list and therefore not incorporated by 
reference are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Copies of the Documents Incorporated by Reference are available, free of charge, from the registered office 
of the Issuer, the registered office of the Guarantor, from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the 
time being in London and Luxembourg and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information on any website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. To the extent that any document or information incorporated by reference to this 
Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information by reference, either expressly or impliedly, such 
information will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, except 
where such information or documents are stated within this Base Prospectus as specifically being incorporated 
by reference or where this Base Prospectus is specifically defined as including such information. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation which, in respect of any subsequent 
issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a “Supplement to the Base Prospectus”, 
as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference in it), in addition to the financial 
information prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS-EU), includes certain alternative performance measures (APMs) for the purposes of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, of 14 March 2019 and as defined in the Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures issued by ESMA on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415es). The APMs are

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
performance measures that have been calculated using the financial information from Iberdrola and the 
companies within its Group, but that are not defined or detailed in the applicable financial information 
framework. These APMs are being used to allow for a better understanding of the financial performance of 
Iberdrola but should be considered only as additional information and in no case as a substitute of the financial 
information prepared under IFRS-EU. Moreover, the way Iberdrola defines and calculates these APMs may 
differ from the way these are calculated by other companies that use similar measures, and therefore they may 
not be comparable. Finally, please consider that certain of the APMs used in this Base Prospectus (including 
the information incorporated by reference in it) have not been audited. The APMs are defined on pages 84-85 
of the Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 Results 2023, and are set out in the Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 2023 APMs and the Iberdrola, 
S.A. 2022 APMs (which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) as at and for the three months 
ended 31 March 2023 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, respectively.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the Senior Notes in definitive form (if any) issued 
in exchange for the Senior Global Note(s) representing each Series and, subject further to simplification by 
deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on such Senior Bearer Notes or on the Senior 
Certificates relating to such Senior Registered Notes, details of the relevant Series being shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in these Conditions to “Senior Notes” are to Senior Notes issued by Iberdrola 
Finanzas, S.A.U. and are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme. 
Sentences in italics shall not form part of these terms and conditions in respect of Senior Definitive Notes. 
The euro medium term notes (the Senior Notes) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency 
agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 1 June 2023 
between Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (the Issuer), Iberdrola, S.A. (the Guarantor), The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent), paying agent and transfer agent, The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional 
or other paying agents in respect of the Senior Notes from time to time appointed, the Paying Agents, and 
each a Paying Agent), as transfer agent (together with the transfer agent referred to above and any additional 
or other transfer agents in respect of the Senior Notes from time to time appointed, the Transfer Agent) and 
as registrar (the Registrar) and with the benefit of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 1 June 
2023 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Senior Notes. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the 
Noteholders from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 1 June 2023 (the Deed of 
Guarantee) under which it has guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due by the Issuer 
under the Senior Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable (the 
Guarantee). The initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is specified on the Senior Notes. The Holders (as defined 
below) of the Senior Notes, the interest coupons (the Coupons) appertaining to interest bearing Senior Notes 
in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Senior Notes, talons for further Coupons (the Talons) 
are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. As used in 
these terms and conditions (the Conditions), Tranche means Senior Notes which are identical in all respects.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. If the Senior Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. If so required 
by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the Public Deed) before a Spanish 
public notary in relation to the Senior Notes and will register the Public Deed with the Commercial Registry 
of Biscay. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Senior 
Notes. 
1. 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Senior Notes are issued in bearer form (Senior Bearer Notes, which expression includes Senior 
Notes which are specified to be Exchangeable Senior Bearer Notes), in registered form (Senior 
Registered Notes) or in bearer form exchangeable for Senior Registered Notes (Exchangeable Senior 
Bearer Notes), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) and in the Specified Currency shown 
in the relevant Final Terms provided that in the case of any Senior Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Senior Notes). 
All Senior Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Senior 
Bearer Notes are issued, the Senior Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
same Specified Denomination as the lowest specified denomination of the Exchangeable Senior Bearer 
Notes. 
Senior Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon or Talons) attached, 
save in the case of Senior Notes which do not bear interest, in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupon and Talons in these Conditions are 
not applicable. Senior Registered Notes are represented by senior registered certificates (Senior 
Certificates), each Senior Certificate representing a holding of one or more Senior Registered Notes 
by the same Noteholder. 
Title to the Senior Bearer Notes and Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Senior 
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by 
the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the Register). Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon or Talon, 
as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, Noteholder or Holder (in relation to a Senior Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Senior Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Senior Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Senior Notes. 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Senior Definitive 
Notes. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Senior Bearer Notes and Transfers of Senior Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Senior Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Senior Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the 
same aggregate principal amount of Senior Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant 
Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Senior Bearer Note to be exchanged, together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Senior Bearer Note is surrendered 
for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, the 
Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Senior Registered Notes 
may not be exchanged for Senior Bearer Notes. Senior Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Senior Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Senior Bearer 
Notes which are not Exchangeable Senior Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Senior Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Senior Registered Notes 
One or more Senior Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender of the Senior Certificate 
representing such Senior Registered Notes to be transferred together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Senior Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent.  In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Senior Registered Notes 
represented by one Senior Certificate, a new Senior Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred 
will be issued to the transferor.  In the case of a transfer of Senior Registered Notes to a person who 
is already a Holder of Senior Registered Notes, a new Senior Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Senior Certificate 
representing the existing holding.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Senior Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an option by the Issuer or a Noteholder in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Senior Registered Notes represented by a single Senior Certificate, a new 
Senior Certificate shall be issued to the Noteholder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect 
of the balance of the holding not redeemed.  In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Senior Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Senior Certificates shall 
be issued in respect of those Senior Notes of that holding that have the same terms.  New Senior 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Senior Certificates to the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent.  In the case of a transfer of Senior Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a Holder of Senior Registered Notes, a new Senior Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall 
only be issued against surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Senior Certificate representing the 
existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Senior Certificates 
Each new Senior Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), 2(b) or 2(c) will, within three 
business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar to whom such request for 
exchange or form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form 
of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar 
(as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the Noteholder 
making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the Noteholder entitled to the new Senior Certificate to such address 
as may be specified in such request for exchange or form of transfer. 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Senior Notes and Senior Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges 
which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Senior Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Senior Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Senior Registered Note (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Senior Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days 
prior to any date on which Senior Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to 
Condition 6(e), or (iii) after any such Note has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part.  An 
Exchangeable Senior Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for a Senior 
Registered Note in respect of which the Senior Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than 
the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Restricted Securities 
For so long as any Senior Registered Note is outstanding and is a “restricted security” (as defined in 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and 
during any period in relation thereto during which it is neither subject to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 
United States Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer and the Guarantor will make available on 
request to each Holder of such Senior Note in connection with any resale thereof and to any 
prospective purchaser of such Senior Note from such Noteholder, in each case upon request, the 
information specified in and meeting the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject to any applicable statutory 
exceptions and unless they qualify by law as subordinated credits (créditos subordinados) under 
Article 281.1 of the Legislative Royal Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 
5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the Spanish Insolvency 
Law)) rank (i) pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and (ii) at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law claims relating 
to the Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281.1 of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary 
credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a 
general or special privilege (créditos con privilegio general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above 
subordinated credits (créditos subordinados) and the rights of shareholders. Interest on the Senior 
Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating 
to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest 
on the Senior Notes shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) 
of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Guarantee 
(i) 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Senior Notes and Coupons on an 
unsubordinated basis. 
(ii) 
The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (without prejudice to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and unless they qualify by law as 
subordinated credits under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) rank pari passu with 
all other unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and monetary obligations involving or 
otherwise related to borrowed money of the Guarantor, present and future.  Its obligations in 
that respect are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any of the Senior Notes or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement): 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (Security) (other than Permitted 
Security) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee of or, indemnity in respect of, any 
Relevant Indebtedness;  
(ii) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that no other person creates or permits to 
subsist any Security (other than Permitted Security) upon the whole or any part of the 
undertaking, assets or revenues present or future of that other person to secure (A) any of the 
Issuer’s Relevant Indebtedness or the Guarantor’s Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee of 
or indemnity in respect of any of the Issuer’s Relevant Indebtedness or the Guarantor’s

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Relevant Indebtedness or (B) where the person in question is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, 
any of the Relevant Indebtedness of any person other than (1) that Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
or (2) if that Subsidiary is not a Relevant Subsidiary, any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
(which is not the Issuer or a Relevant Subsidiary), or in each case any guarantee of, or 
indemnity in respect, of any such Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(iii) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that no person other than the Guarantor gives 
any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, any of its Relevant Indebtedness, 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Notes and Coupons 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee (aa) are secured equally and 
rateably therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as 
the case may be, or (bb) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other 
arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Permitted Security means any Security created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of a company 
which has merged with the Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries or which has been acquired by the 
Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries, provided that such security was already in existence at the time 
of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for the purpose of financing the merger or the 
acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended following the merger or the acquisition. 
person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having a separate legal 
personality. 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money of the 
Guarantor, the Issuer or any other person or entity in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities which are or are capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily 
dealt in on any stock exchange, over the counter market or other securities market (for which purpose 
any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities shall be deemed not to be capable of 
being so quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the terms of the issue thereof expressly so provide). 
Relevant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Guarantor which is incorporated in a country whose 
sovereign debt is rated A or more by Standard & Poor’s (or any equivalent rating) and whose total 
assets or revenues or EBITDA (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries) represent 7 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total assets, revenues or EBITDA of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the time being, 
EBITDA for these purposes being the aggregate of (a) “profits from operations” (after adding back 
“depreciation and amortisation charge, allowances and provisions”) and (b) “results of companies 
accounted for using the equity method”.  
Subsidiary means at any particular time: (i) any company which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then 
beneficially owned, by the first person and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, and (ii) in relation to the 
Guarantor, a company which fulfils the definition in paragraph (i) above and which is included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements on a fully integrated basis. 
Consolidated Financial Statements means the most recently published: (i) audited consolidated 
annual accounts of the Guarantor, as approved by the annual general meeting of its shareholders and 
audited by an independent auditor; or, as the case may be, (ii) unaudited (but subject to a limited 
review by an independent auditor) condensed consolidated half-year or quarterly financial statements 
of the Guarantor, as approved by its Board of Directors, in each case prepared in accordance with 
IFRS-EU.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
For a company to be “controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and 
whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has 
the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or 
other governing body of that company or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and 
policies of that company. 
5. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Senior Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified hereon, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and, in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable on the particular Interest 
Payment Date(s). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Senior Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown thereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Relevant Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Relevant Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day, 
(iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Relevant Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Relevant Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Senior Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate.  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(IV) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Compounding 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
a) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
c) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(V) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Averaging is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
a) Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
as specified in relevant Final Terms; or 
b) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
c) Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(VI) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
in connection with any Compounding Method, Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to: 
(I) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(II) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
(III) 
 “Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity 
Date; and 
(IV) 
 “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date;  
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(I) 
“Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(II) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non- Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes (other than Floating Rate 
Senior Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(I) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub paragraph (B)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (B)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(II) 
if paragraph (I) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes which reference SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable and 
the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR: 
(I) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Senior 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Compounded Daily, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Senior 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will (subject to Condition 
5(c) or Condition 5(d), as the case may be, and subject as provided 
below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; and 
(II) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Senior Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Weighted Average, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Senior 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will (subject to Condition 
5(c) or Condition 5(d), as the case may be, and subject as provided 
below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(2) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(c), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA rate shall be:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(I) 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business 
Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the 
SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, r shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 
5(c), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how 
the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the 
Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent practicable and to the extent such 
guidance does not increase obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent in 
order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Senior Notes, for so 
long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
(3) 
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and r shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(4) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(c), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and r shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(c) or 5(d), as the case may be, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual Period is the first

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Interest Accrual Period for the Senior Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Senior Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Senior Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period) 
or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the 
Senior Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. 
(6) 
If the relevant Senior Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 10, the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Senior Notes became due and payable and the 
Rate of Interest on such Senior Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(7) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C): 
If Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Senior Notes being payable on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Senior Notes being 
payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
Applicable Period means,  
(I) 
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Accrual Period; and 
(II) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Observation Period; 
Business Day or BD, means, (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is 
specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to 
be closed; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate, a T2 Settlement 
Day; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms 
and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖 − 𝑝𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) − 1 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
]  x 𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
where: 
D is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, 
as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website of the European Central Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB’s Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling p Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is p Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling p Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Senior Notes become due and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Accrual Period:  
(I) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified 
(x) where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference 
Rate, two Business days and (y) otherwise, five Business Days); 
(II) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, zero;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(III) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified (x) where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is 
specified as the Reference Rate, two Business days and (y) operative, five 
Business Days); 
r means: 
(I) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business 
Day; 
(II) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(III) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(IV) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(y) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);  
(V) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and 
(y) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date);  
(VI) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(y) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); 
(VII) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect of 
each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, r shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(VIII) where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect of each Business 
Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, 
r shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(IX) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect of each Business 
Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, 
r shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
ri-pBD means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, 
(i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the Observation Method, 
the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) 
falling p Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day i or, (ii) otherwise, the 
relevant Business Day i; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New 
York City Time) (the SOFR Determination Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day; 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities;  
Effective Interest Payment Date means any date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Rate Cut-off Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
T2 Settlement Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(I) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(II) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in 
the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. 
For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is 
not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(D) 
Index Determination  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Senior Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated 
in accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
where: 
Compounded Index shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Compounded Index End means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
Compounded Index Start means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
€STR Compounded Index means the compounded daily €STR rate as published at 
9:15 a.m. (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank (or a successor 
administrator of €STR) on the European Central Bank’s Market Information 
Dissemination (MID) platform and Statistical Data Warehouse, or any successor 
source; 
Index Days means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days and in the case of the €STR Compounded Index, T2 Settlement Days; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
Numerator shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in 
the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index and the €STR Compounded Index; 
Relevant Decimal Place shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR 
Compounded Index, and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 
or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
Relevant Number shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR Compounded Index, and 
two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
SOFR Compounded Index means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; and 
SONIA Compounded Index means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR or 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not 
occurred in respect of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest 
Accrual Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End 
is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate 
of Interest for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) 
as if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA 
in the case of SONIA Compounded Index,  €STR in the case of €STR Compounded 
Index and SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, (ii) the Calculation Method 
shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be 
deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period shall be 
deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator and 
(vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer 
in consultation with the Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of SONIA or €STR, the provisions of Condition 5(c) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) or if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provision of Condition 5(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(D), as applicable. 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in the Applicable Final 
Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent, or failing which the Issuer, 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in consultation 
with an independent financial institution or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer) shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Applicable Maturity means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity.  
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)) and, in either

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c). 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(i), prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Senior Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 5(c)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining 
the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (b) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(c) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable, binding on all 
parties, and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 
5(c), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct 
the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate provided for in Condition 
5(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 5(c): 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or   
(C) 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Senior Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Senior Notes; or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market and such 
representativeness will not be restored; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
B and C above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or as the case may be, (b) in the case of 
sub-paragraph D above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate 
and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph E above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Senior Notes. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event:  
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Senior Notes is SOFR (or the then-current 
Benchmark which has replaced SOFR), in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in 
Condition 5(c), as applicable, this Condition 5(d) shall apply.  
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Senior Notes in respect 
of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of 
a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 5(d), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Senior Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party. None of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent nor any Paying Agents will have any liability for any determination made by or on 
behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a 
Benchmark Replacement.  
In no event shall the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents be responsible 
for determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or 
for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any 
such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any 
determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken 
at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period), 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period is the first Interest Accrual Period for the Senior Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Senior Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Senior Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the Senior Notes, 
the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d): 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (II) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (I) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (II) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (II) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
Event, the later of (I) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (II) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
designee means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for 
the Senior Notes in writing. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (I) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (II) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.  
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(e) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Senior Notes 
Where a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note.  As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (calculated in accordance with Condition 6(d)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Senior Note on the due date for redemption unless payment is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 up to (and excluding) the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Redemption Amounts, and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a 
negative number) the absolute value of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, 
as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest Yen.  For these purposes unit means, with respect to any currency other

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means 0.01 Euro. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior Note for any period 
shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount of 
each Senior Note by the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms save that, where an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Senior Note for such period will equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula).  Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quote or make any determination or calculation, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the 
Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Senior Notes for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Senior Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Senior 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or other relevant authority and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of a Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount, the Interest 
Payment Date, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no event later than the fourth Relevant 
Business Day after such determination.  The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period in 
accordance with these Conditions.  If the Senior Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amounts so calculated need be made.  The determination of each Rate 
of Interest, Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount and the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Senior Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
amended, supplemented or updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes of the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies of 
which may be obtained at www.isda.org). 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Senior Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), 
as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Senior Notes of the relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies of which may be obtained at www.isda.org). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Senior Note 
for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 32 and D2 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (A) the actual number of days in such Determination Period and (B) 
the number of Determination Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (I) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (I) the actual number of days 
in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Periods 
in any period of one year, 
where: 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate; and 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
Determination Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of 
European Monetary Union. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on an Interest Period Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable and, in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Senior Notes (the Issue Date) or such 
other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
Interest Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on, 
and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Senior Notes 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified.  
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Senior Notes are denominated. 
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
T2 Business Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments. 
(k) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Changes of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Final 
Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Senior Note provisions, 
Floating Senior Rate Note provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note provisions shall apply. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent  
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the Conditions applicable to the Senior Notes and for so long as any Senior Notes 
are outstanding.  Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Senior Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its duties under the Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period or to 
calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint the London office of 
a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in its place.  The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be redeemed 
at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, is 
its principal amount i.e., at par) on the Maturity Date specified on each Note. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified hereon, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, (together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if the Guarantee were called, the Guarantor) has 
or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Senior Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) were then due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that 
the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred. 
(c) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Senior 
Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are 
attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(d) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Senior Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear interest 
prior to the Maturity Date upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 
Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g), Condition 6(h), Condition 6(i), or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Senior Notes if they were discounted back to their Issue 
Price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.  Where such calculation is to be made for a 
period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g), Condition 6(h), 
Condition 6(i), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid 
when due, the Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date.  The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made 
(both before and after judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest which may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f).

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided some of the Senior Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption of Senior Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.  Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Senior Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount as 
determined by the Financial Adviser will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Senior Notes to be redeemed and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Senior Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such 
Senior Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin or (ii) the 
Discount Rate, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption 
Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Senior Notes during the 
Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Senior Notes to be redeemed. 
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of 
the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may 
approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws 
and stock exchange requirements or other relevant authority requirements.  So long as the Senior Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that stock exchange so require, the 
Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Senior Notes, cause 
to be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a 
leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Senior Notes outstanding and a list of the 
Senior Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. So long as the Senior Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other exchange, notices required to be given to the Holders of the Senior 
Notes shall also be published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Senior Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In these Conditions: 
Discount Rate will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
FA Selected Note means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Senior Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Senior Notes 
and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes. 
Financial Adviser means the entity so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
if such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer. 
Make-whole Exemption Period will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Redemption Margin (s) will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Note shall be the note so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or if 
no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
Reference Note Price means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations or (b) if the Financial Adviser 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average 
of all such quotations. 
Reference Note Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date of redemption. 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than 
the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
Reference Government Note Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are (a) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing 
corporate note issues. 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Financial 
Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference Government Note Dealer. 
Remaining Term Interest means with respect to any Senior Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Senior Note for the remaining term of such Senior Note to (i) the 
Maturity Date, or (ii) if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the first day of the Residual Maturity Call Option Period, determined by the Financial 
Adviser on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Senior Note from and including the date 
on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 6(e). 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Senior Notes at their principal amount 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier 
than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Senior Notes having a maturity of not 
more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Senior Notes having a 
maturity of more than ten years; or in either case, such shorter time period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Residual Maturity Call Option Period). 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the Senior Notes. 
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(f).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(g) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Senior Notes in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(g). 
A Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes (which for these purposes shall include any further 
Senior Notes issued in accordance with Condition 13) is purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(j)). 
 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, at any 
time while any Note remains outstanding, each Holder of Senior Notes will have the option (the 
Change of Control Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure 
the purchase of such Senior Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (plus interest accrued to, but excluding the Optional Redemption Date) (both terms as defined 
below), if a Change of Control Event has occurred  and is continuing (a Put Event). 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert (Relevant Persons) or any person or persons acting on behalf of such Relevant Persons, 
acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the Guarantor. 
A Change of Control Event shall be deemed to occur if a Change of Control occurs and, during the 
Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs. 
control means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights of the issued 
share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the 
members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other governing body, in each case whether obtained 
directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting 
rights, contract or otherwise. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: (1) the 
date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control; and (2) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (if any), and ending on the date which is 270 days after the date of 
the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or public statement 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P); (b) Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch Ratings); 
or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if: (A) 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor by any Rating 
Agency is: (x) withdrawn; (y) ceases to be an Investment Grade Rating; or (z) if the rating assigned to 
the Guarantor by any Rating Agency which is current at the time the Change of Control Period begins 
is below an Investment Grade Rating, that rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency 
(for example BB+ to BB by S&P), provided that a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency withdrawing or lowering 
the rating does not publicly announce or otherwise confirms in writing to the Issuer that the reduction 
or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as 
a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control; or (B) at the time of the Change of 
Control there is no rating assigned to the Guarantor. 
Investment Grade Rating means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and including 
AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect to Moody’s, any of 
the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or equivalent successor categories); and 
(3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- 
(or equivalent successor categories). 
Optional Redemption Amount means, for the purposes of this Condition 6(h), an amount equal to 
par or such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a Put Event Notice) to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date upon which the Put 
Period (as defined below) will end and the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of a Note under this section, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause to be transferred its Senior 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change of 
Control Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period (the Put Period) of 45 days 
after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put 
Option Notice) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Senior Notes in 
respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and 
subject to the transfer of such Senior Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the 
Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Put 
Period (the Optional Redemption Date). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made 
in the Specified Currency to the holder to the bank account denominated in the Specified Currency 
specified in the Put Option Notice on the Optional Redemption Date via the relevant account holders.  
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Holder of any such Senior Note, upon the Holder of such Senior Note giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Dates at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. It may be that 
before a Put Option can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied.  
Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit such Senior Note with any Paying Agent (in the 
case of Senior Bearer Notes) or the Senior Certificate representing such Senior Note(s) with the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Senior Registered Notes) at its specified office, together 
with a duly completed option exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period.  No Senior 
Note or Senior Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Senior Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Senior Bearer Notes, by surrendering 
each such Senior Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in the case of Senior Registered Notes, by surrendering the Senior Certificate representing 
such Senior Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, will, together with all Senior 
Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith).  Any Senior Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect 
of any such Senior Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Other Senior Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(b) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Senior Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Senior Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant Senior Notes (in the case 
of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which 
such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency and, in the 
case of Euro, by cheque drawn down or by transfer to, a Euro account to which Euro may be credited 
or transferred as specified by the payee.  
(b) 
Senior Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Senior Registered Notes will be made against presentation 
and surrender of the relevant Senior Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer 
Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Senior Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register (i) where 
in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due 
date for payment thereof (the Record Date).  Payments of interest on each Senior Registered 
Note will be made in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to the 
Noteholder (or to the first named of joint Noteholders) of such Senior Note at its address 
appearing in the Register maintained by the Registrar.  Upon application by the Noteholder to

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before, the Record Date and subject 
as provided in Condition 7(a) above, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the specified currency designated by the Noteholder with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Senior Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Senior Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Noteholder.  The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer and 
the Guarantor will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Senior 
Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent having a specified office in at least two major European cities 
(including Luxembourg so long as the Senior Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so require) in relation to Senior Registered Notes, (iv) a Calculation 
Agent where the Conditions so require one, (v) Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two 
major European cities (including Luxembourg so long as the Senior Notes are admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require), (vi) a Paying Agent having 
a specified office in a city in continental Europe outside the European Union and (vii) such other 
agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Senior Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any Senior 
Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Notes, Senior Bearer Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes, should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due) will be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount then due for payment.  Any amount so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Senior Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Senior Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Senior  Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Senior Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Senior Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Notes is presented, where applicable, for 
redemption without all unmatured coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and 
where any Senior Bearer Note is presented, where applicable, for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation, where applicable (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Senior Bearer Note or Senior Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be.  Interest accrued on a Senior Note which only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Senior Note against presentation, where 
applicable, of the relevant Senior Note or Senior Certificate representing it, as the case may 
be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Senior Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Note or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment.  In this Condition 7(h), business day means a day which is: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business: (A) in, as regards Senior Bearer Notes, the relevant place of presentation 
(if presentation is required) and (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial 
Centres in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(ii) 
(A) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the specified currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the specified currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or (B) (in the case of a payment in Euro) where 
payment is to be made by payment to an account, a day on which T2 is operating. 
(i) 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
(i) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes, or announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents, 
designate a date (the Redenomination Date), being an Interest Payment Date under the Senior 
Notes falling on or after the date on which that country becomes a Participating Member State. 
(ii) 
Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from 
the Redenomination Date: 
(a) 
the Senior Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the specified 
denomination of Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Senior Note equal to the 
principal amount of that Senior Note in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro 
at the rate for conversion of such currency into Euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to 
rounding in accordance with European Community regulations); provided, however, 
that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent that market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro 0.01 of internationally offered 
securities is different from that specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to 
be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Noteholders, each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Senior Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
if Senior Notes have been issued in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or 
not attached to the Senior Notes) will become void with effect from the date 
(the Euro Exchange Date) on which the Issuer gives notice (the Euro 
Exchange Notice) to the Noteholders that replacement Senior Notes and 
Coupons denominated in Euro are available for exchange (provided that such 
Senior Notes and Coupons are available) and no payments will be made in 
respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Senior Notes denominated in the 
Specified Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other 
obligations of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to exchange 
such Senior Notes in accordance with this Condition 7) shall remain in full 
force and effect; 
(c) 
new Senior Notes and Coupons denominated in Euro will be issued in exchange for 
Senior Notes and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Euro 
Exchange Notice; and 
(d) 
all payments in respect of the Senior Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination 
Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of 
the Euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Redenomination Date) will be made solely by Euro cheque drawn on, or by credit or 
transfer to a Euro account (or other account to which Euro may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in a city in a country in which banks 
have access to T2. 
(iii) 
Interest: Following redenomination of the Senior Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, where 
Senior Notes have been issued in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the 
Senior Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Senior 
Notes held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) 
by the relevant holder. 
(iv) 
Interpretation: In this Condition: 
Participating Member State means a member state of the European Union which adopts the 
Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Additional Amounts 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax  (each a Taxing Authority), unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code.  In that event, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts (the Additional 
Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
have been received in respect of the Senior Notes or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction. Notwithstanding this, no Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any payment in respect of any Senior Note or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the 
Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Senior Note or Coupon who is liable for taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding 
of the Senior Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant Holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder in respect of whom the Issuer (or an agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information as may be necessary to allow 
payments on such Senior Note to be made free and clear of withholding tax or deduction on 
account of any taxes imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction, including when the Issuer (or an agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive such information concerning such Noteholder’s 
identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may 
be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 
1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or 
an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement). 
(b) 
Tax Credit Payment 
If any Additional Amounts are paid by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under this 
Condition for the benefit of any Noteholder and such Noteholder in its sole discretion, determines that 
it has obtained (and has derived full use and benefit from) a credit against, a relief or remission for, or 
repayment of, any tax, then, if and to the extent that such Noteholder in its sole opinion, determines 
that (i) such credit, relief, remission or repayment is in respect of or calculated with reference to the 
Additional Amounts paid pursuant to this Condition; and (ii) its tax affairs for its tax year in respect 
of which such credit, relief, remission or repayment was obtained have been finally settled, such 
Noteholder shall, to the extent that it can do so without prejudice to the retention of the amount of such 
credit, relief, remission or repayment, pay to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor such 
amount as such Noteholder shall in its sole opinion, determine to be the amount which will leave such 
Noteholder (after such payment) in no worse after tax position than it would have been in had the 
additional payment in question not been required to be made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor. 
(c) 
Tax Credit Clawback 
If any Noteholder makes any payment to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor pursuant to 
this Condition and such Noteholder subsequently determines in its sole opinion, that the credit, relief, 
remission or repayment in respect of which such payment was made was not available or has been 
withdrawn or that it was unable to use such credit, relief, remission or repayment in full, the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor shall reimburse such Noteholder such amount as such Noteholder 
determines in its sole opinion, is necessary to place it in the same after tax position as it would have 
been in if such credit, relief, remission or repayment had been obtained and fully used and retained by 
such Noteholder, such amount not exceeding in any case the amount paid by the Noteholder to the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Tax Affairs 
Nothing in Conditions 8(b) and 8(c) shall interfere with the right of any Noteholder to arrange its tax 
or any other affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit, oblige any Noteholder to claim any credit, relief, 
remission or repayment in respect of any payment made under this Condition in priority to any credit, 
relief, remission or repayment available to it nor oblige any Noteholder to disclose any information 
relating to its tax or other affairs or any computations in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Senior Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld (or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
that, upon further presentation of the Senior Note (or relative Senior Certificate) or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation.  References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Senior Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement 
to it; (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” 
shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts which may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Senior 
Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing, the Holder of a 
Note of any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment, shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any 
of the Senior Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with 
any one or more of its other obligations under or in respect of the Senior Notes, the Agency 
Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied 
within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent by any 
Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) subject as provided below, any Relevant Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the 
option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, or, provided that no event of default 
on such Relevant Indebtedness, however described, has occurred, at the option of any person 
entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness, or (ii) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or of 
the Guarantor is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, 
or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, provided 
that the aggregate amount of the Relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect 
of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this Condition 10(c) have occurred 
equals or exceeds €125,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
Paragraph (c) shall not apply to Relevant Indebtedness which was incurred before 27 July 
2007, provided that this exception shall not be applicable if such Relevant Indebtedness (I) 
has become (or is declared to become) due and payable, and (II) is not paid in full when so 
due and payable; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: any distress, attachment, execution or other legal process which is 
material in the context of the issue and offering of the Senior Notes is levied, enforced or sued 
on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
of the Guarantor’s Relevant Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s Relevant 
Subsidiaries which is material in the context of the issue and offering of the Senior Notes

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession by 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary becomes, or is 
adjudicated to be, insolvent or is adjudicated to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary or the 
whole or any material part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary is appointed (or application for any such appointment 
is made), (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary takes any action for a 
general readjustment or deferment of its obligations or makes a general assignment or 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally or declares a 
moratorium in respect of its indebtedness or guarantees given by it, or (iv) any other 
proceeding is commenced in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary 
which requires the application of priorities pursuant to (or equivalent to) any applicable 
Spanish laws; or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary, or the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary shall cease or through an official action of 
its board of directors threaten to cease to carry on all or a substantial part of its business or 
operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Relevant Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking or 
assets of the Relevant Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in (A) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or another Subsidiary or (B) any other person provided, in this case, that the 
undertaking or assets are transferred to that person for full consideration on an arm’s length 
basis and the proceeds of the consideration are applied as soon as practicable in the 
Guarantor’s or the Subsidiary’s business or operations or (iii) in the case of the Issuer, whereby 
the undertakings or assets of the Issuer are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Guarantor 
or any entity wholly owned by the Guarantor; or (iv) to comply with any mandatory 
requirements of law, regulation, directive or rule applicable to the Guarantor or any of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries in connection with the reorganisation of the energy sector relevant to 
the Guarantor or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or 
effecting of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, 
recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to 
enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective rights and 
perform and comply with their respective obligations under the Senior Notes and the Deed of 
Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to 
make the Senior Notes and the Deed of Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any one or more of its obligations under any of the Senior Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs including, 
but not limited to, concurso; or 
(k) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
In this Condition, “Relevant Indebtedness”, “Relevant Subsidiary” and “Subsidiary” shall have the 
respective meanings given to them in Condition 4(b). 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Notes 
(including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Senior Notes).  An Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present 
or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Senior Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel 
any premium payable on redemption of the Senior Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Senior Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of 
interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method for calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment or specified 
denomination of the Senior Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required 
at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, will only 
be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special 
quorum (provided for in the Agency Agreement) is present. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of Senior Notes by 
the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification  
The Senior Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee may be amended 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor without the consent of the Noteholders to (i) correct a manifest error 
or (ii) modify these Conditions in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Benchmark Discontinuation) or 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer). No other modification may be made to the Senior Notes, 
these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant or the Deed of Guarantee except with the sanction of a 
resolution of the Noteholders. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless, in the sole opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, (i) it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature; (ii) it is made to correct a manifest error; or (iii) it is not materially prejudicial to the 
Noteholders. 
12. 
Replacement of Senior Notes, Senior Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Senior Note, Senior Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of the Senior Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and the Registrar (in 
the case of Senior Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for such purpose, and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Senior Note, 
Senior Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Issuer in respect of such Senior Notes, Senior Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced Senior Notes, Senior Certificates, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Senior Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Senior Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Senior Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Senior Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  With respect to Senior Registered Notes admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Senior Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require), any notices must also be published either 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
Notices to the Holders of Senior Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times).  With respect to Senior Bearer 
Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any notice must be also published either on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).  If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another leading English 
language newspaper of general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons and Talons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice to the Holders of Senior Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
So long as the Senior Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be given to the 
Holders of the Senior Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall also be published (if such publication 
is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Senior Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Until such time as any definitive Senior Notes are issued and so long as any Senior Global Note is 
held in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg there may, be substituted 
for such publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Senior Note or Senior Notes, with a Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Senior Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to such Paying Agent 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as such Paying 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for 
the Issuer (x) the Guarantor or (y) any company which is wholly-owned by the Guarantor (the 
Substitute) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substitute to be given in accordance with 
Condition 14 and, in the case of Senior Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on 
any other exchange, to such exchange, provided that: 
(i) 
no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
no payment in respect of the Senior Notes or the Coupons (as the case may be) is at the relevant 
time overdue;  
(iii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 8 (the Deed Poll), agree to indemnify each Noteholder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute residence for tax purposes and, if different, of 
its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and which 
would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(iv) 
where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Senior Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll; 
(v) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Senior Notes, Coupons, 
Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect; 
(vi) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vii) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of recognised 
standing in each jurisdiction referred to in (iii) above, in Spain and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 15 and the other matters specified in the Deed 
Poll and that the Senior Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substitute; 
(viii) 
each stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following 
the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Senior Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(ix) 
Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s and/or Fitch, as the case may be, shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the credit rating of the Senior Notes will 
not be adversely affected, save where the Substitute is the Guarantor; 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings in the courts of England 
arising out of or in connection with the Senior Notes; and

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(xi) 
in the case of Senior Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a prospectus 
supplement is filed with such exchange. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Senior Notes 
and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substitute had been named as the Issuer 
herein, and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Senior Notes and under the 
Agency Agreement, and where the Substitute is the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall be released from 
its obligations under the Guarantee. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All of the provisions specified in Conditions 15(a) and 15(b) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context 
so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Conditions 15(a) or 15(c) any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the governing law of Condition 3(a) shall 
be amended to the governing law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute and, if the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute is not Spain, Condition 3(a) shall be modified so as to 
reflect a substantially equivalent ranking for Noteholders which, in the opinion of the Issuer, the 
Substitute and the Guarantor, would have applied had there been no substitution.  
(f) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, the 
Fiscal Agent.  Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Senior Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or 
order of a court or any jurisdiction in connection with, the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Senior Note or 
Coupon which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other 
currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on 
that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).  If the amount received or recovered is 
less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Senior Note or Coupon, the Issuer, 
failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the Noteholder, as the case may be, against any loss 
sustained by it as a result.  In any event, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase.  For the purposes of this Condition, it will be 
sufficient for the Noteholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had 
an actual purchase been made.  These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation 
from the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder and shall 
continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated 
amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Senior Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all matters arising from or connected therewith, 
including any non-contractual obligations arising from or connected therewith, are governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The status of the Senior Notes as described in 
Condition 3(a) and the status of the Guarantee as described in Condition 3(b)(ii) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a Dispute) arising from or 
connected with any Senior Notes, Coupons or Talons. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 17(b) (English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only.  As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 17 prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process Agent 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required 
to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to SPW 
Investments Limited, 4th Floor, 1 Tudor Street, London, EC4Y 0AH, UK or, if different, its registered 
office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in England at which process may be served on 
it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.  
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and not to Proceedings elsewhere. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Senior Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Subordinated Global Note(s) representing each Series and, subject further to 
simplification by deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on such Subordinated Bearer Notes 
or on the Subordinated Certificates relating to such Subordinated Registered Notes, details of the relevant 
Series being shown in the relevant Final Terms. References in these Conditions to “Subordinated Notes” are 
to Subordinated Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. and are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Subordinated Notes which may be issued under the Programme. 
Sentences in italics shall not form part of these terms and conditions in respect of Definitive Subordinated 
Notes. 
The securities (the Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 1 June 2023 between Iberdrola 
Finanzas, S.A.U. (the Issuer), Iberdrola, S.A. (the Guarantor), The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent), paying agent and transfer agent, The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other 
paying agents in respect of the Subordinated Notes from time to time appointed, the Paying Agents, and each 
a Paying Agent), as transfer agent (together with the transfer agent referred to above and any additional or 
other transfer agents in respect of the Subordinated Notes from time to time appointed, the Transfer Agent) 
and as registrar (the Registrar) and with the benefit of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 1 
June 2023 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Subordinated Notes. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of 
the Noteholders from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 1 June 2023 (the Deed 
of Guarantee) under which it has guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due by the Issuer 
under the Subordinated Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable 
(the Guarantee). The initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is specified on the Subordinated Notes. The Holders 
(as defined below) of the Subordinated Notes, the interest coupons (the Coupons) appertaining to interest 
bearing Subordinated Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Subordinated Notes, 
talons for further Coupons (the Talons) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. As used in these terms and conditions (the Conditions), Tranche means 
Subordinated Notes which are identical in all respects. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. If the Subordinated Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a 
public deed (escritura pública) (the Public Deed) before a Spanish public notary in relation to the 
Subordinated Notes and will register the Public Deed with the Commercial Registry of Biscay. The Public 
Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
1. 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Subordinated Notes are issued in bearer form (Subordinated Bearer  Notes) or in registered form 
(Subordinated Registered Notes), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) and in the Specified 
Currency shown in the relevant Final Terms provided that in the case of any Subordinated Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes). 
Subordinated Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon or Talons) 
attached. Subordinated Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (Subordinated

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Certificates), each Certificate representing a holding of one or more Subordinated Registered Notes 
by the same Noteholder. 
Title to the Subordinated Bearer Notes and Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Subordinated Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the Register). 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon 
or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and 
for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, Noteholder or Holder (in relation to a Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Subordinated Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Subordinated Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them herein, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Subordinated Notes. 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Subordinated 
Definitive Notes. 
2. 
Transfers of Subordinated Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Subordinated Registered Notes 
One or more Subordinated Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender of the Subordinated 
Certificate representing such Subordinated Registered Notes to be transferred together with the form 
of transfer endorsed on such Subordinated Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of 
Subordinated Registered Notes represented by one Subordinated Certificate, a new Subordinated 
Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. In the case of a 
transfer of Subordinated Registered Notes to a person who is already a Holder of Subordinated 
Registered Notes, a new Subordinated Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be 
issued against surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Subordinated Certificate representing the existing 
holding. 
(b) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Subordinated Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an option by the Issuer in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Subordinated Registered Notes represented by a single Subordinated Certificate, a new 
Subordinated Certificate shall be issued to the Noteholder to reflect the exercise of such option or in 
respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Subordinated Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Subordinated Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Subordinated Notes of that holding that 
have the same terms. New Subordinated Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the 
existing Subordinated Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of 
Subordinated Registered Notes to a person who is already a Holder of Subordinated Registered Notes, 
a new Subordinated Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender 
to the Transfer Agent of the Subordinated Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Subordinated Certificates 
Each new Subordinated Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a) or 2(b) will, within three 
business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
the place of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar to whom such request for 
exchange or form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form 
of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar 
(as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the Noteholder 
making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the Noteholder entitled to the new Subordinated Certificate to such 
address as may be specified in such request for exchange or form of transfer. 
(d) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Certificates on registration, transfer, 
partial redemption or exercise of an option will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Subordinated Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Subordinated Note, (ii) during the 
period of 15 days prior to any date on which Subordinated Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Conditions 6(e) or 6(e), or (iii) after any such Subordinated Note has been drawn 
for redemption in whole or in part. . 
(f) 
Restricted Securities 
For so long as any Subordinated Registered Note is outstanding and is a “restricted security” (as 
defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities 
Act) and during any period in relation thereto during which it is neither subject to Sections 13 or 15(d) 
of the United States Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer and the Guarantor will make 
available on request to each Holder of such Subordinated Note in connection with any resale thereof 
and to any prospective purchaser of such Subordinated Note from such Noteholder, in each case upon 
request, the information specified in and meeting the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act. 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status and Subordination of Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes and Coupons: The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (senior only to Junior 
Obligations of the Issuer) and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. 
Pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, contractual arrangements for 
subordination shall be recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer provided 
that such contractual subordination does not prejudice any third parties and the debtor is part 
of the relevant subordination arrangement. 
(ii) 
Subordination of the Subordinated Notes: Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable 
Spanish law, in the event of the Issuer being declared in insolvency (concurso) under Spanish 
insolvency law, the rights and claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or 
arising under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the claims of all 
holders of Senior Obligations of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu with the claims of all holders of

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Parity Obligations of the Issuer and (iii) senior to the claims of all holders of Junior 
Obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Guarantee 
(i) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment 
of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
on a subordinated basis.  
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee: The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of Subordinated Notes 
constitute direct, unsecured and, subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish law, 
subordinated obligations of the Guarantor (senior only to Junior Obligations of the Guarantor) 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves.   
Pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, contractual arrangements for 
subordination shall be recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor 
provided that such contractual subordination does not prejudice any third parties and the 
debtor is part of the relevant subordination arrangement. 
(iii) 
Subordination of the Guarantee: Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish 
law, in the event of the Guarantor being declared in insolvency (concurso) under Spanish 
insolvency law, the rights and claims of all Noteholders against the Guarantor in respect of or 
arising under the Guarantee will rank (i) junior to the claims of the holders of all Senior 
Obligations of the Guarantor, (ii) pari passu with the claims of the holders of all Parity 
Obligations of the Guarantor and (iii) senior to the claims of the holders of all Junior 
Obligations of the Guarantor. 
(c) 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or the 
Coupons and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the Noteholder, be deemed to have waived all 
such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
In these Conditions: 
Consolidated Financial Statements means the most recently published: (i) audited annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor, as approved by the annual general meeting of its 
shareholders and audited by an independent auditor; or, as the case may be, (ii) unaudited (but subject 
to a “review” from an independent auditor) condensed consolidated half-year or quarterly financial 
statements of the Guarantor, as approved by its Board of Directors, in each case prepared in accordance 
with IFRS-EU. 
Junior Obligations means the Junior Obligations of the Guarantor and the Junior Obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Junior Obligations of the Guarantor means all obligations of the Guarantor issued or incurred 
directly or indirectly by it, which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Guarantee, including 
Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor and any other shares (acciones) in the capital of the Guarantor (and, 
if divided into classes, each class thereof). 
Junior Obligations of the Issuer means all obligations of the Issuer, issued or incurred directly or 
indirectly by it, which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
Ordinary Shares of the Issuer and any other shares (acciones) in the capital of the Issuer (and, if divided 
into classes, each class thereof). 
Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor means ordinary shares in the capital of the Guarantor.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Ordinary Shares of the Issuer means ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities means the securities specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Parity Obligations means the Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and the Parity Obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Parity Obligations of the Guarantor means all obligations of the Guarantor which are either (i) 
issued directly by the Guarantor and which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee or (ii) issued by any Subsidiary of the Guarantor and 
where the terms of such obligations benefit from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the 
Guarantor which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the Guarantor’s obligations under the 
Guarantee (which include the guarantee granted by the Guarantor in connection with each of the 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities). 
Parity Obligations of the Issuer means all obligations of the Issuer, issued or incurred directly or 
indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Obligations of the Guarantor means all obligations of the Guarantor, including subordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor according to Spanish insolvency law, other than Parity Obligations of the 
Guarantor and Junior Obligations of the Guarantor. 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer means all obligations of the Issuer, including subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer according to Spanish insolvency law, other than Parity Obligations of the 
Issuer and Junior Obligations of the Issuer. 
Subsidiary means at any particular time: (i) any company which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then 
beneficially owned, by the first person and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, and (ii) in relation to the 
Guarantor, a company which fulfils the definition in paragraph (i) above and which is included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements on a fully integrated basis. 
For a company to be “controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and 
whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has 
the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or 
other governing body of that company or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and 
policies of that company. 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
General 
The Subordinated Notes bear interest at the Rate of Interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4. 
Subject to Condition 5, interest shall be payable on the Subordinated Notes with respect to any Interest 
Period in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each case as provided in this Condition 4. If a Broken 
Amount is specified hereon, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will, subject 
to Condition 5, amount to the Broken Amount so specified and, will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s). 
(b) 
Interest Accrual 
The Subordinated Notes will cease to bear interest from (and including) the date of redemption thereof 
pursuant to Condition 6 or the date of any substitution thereof pursuant to Condition 11(c) unless,

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
upon due presentation, payment of all amounts due in respect of the Subordinated Notes is not made, 
in which event interest shall continue to accrue in respect of unpaid amounts on the Subordinated 
Notes, both before and after judgment, and shall be payable, as provided in these Conditions up to (but 
excluding) the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with these Conditions and 
subject to the further provisions of this Condition 4, the Subordinated Notes will bear interest on their 
principal amount as follows: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
at the Initial Rate of Interest each as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the date of redemption 
or substitution of all the Subordinated Notes, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest. 
Interest will be payable annually in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, commencing on the first Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
following the Interest Commencement Date, subject to Condition 5, if applicable.  
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5(d)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(d) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 5(d). 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(d)(i), prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest (or relevant component part thereof) applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the last observable Original Reference Rate on the Relevant Screen 
Page, as determined by the Independent Adviser. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(d)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 5(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining 
the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(d) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (b) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(d) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable, binding on all 
parties, and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 
5(d), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct 
the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 5(d)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate provided for in Condition 
5(c) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
(vii) 
No Successor Rate etc. if reduction of “equity credit”: Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Condition 4(d), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the 
applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
by any Rating Agency when compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Benchmark Event from such Rating 
Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for “equity credit” 
from any Rating Agency. 
(viii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(d): 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or   
(C) 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d)(iv). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
B and C above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or as the case may be, (b) in the case of 
sub-paragraph D above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate 
and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph E above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(d)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the Reset Rate (or any correspondent part thereof) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Subordinated Note on the due date for redemption or the date of 
any substitution thereof unless payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 5 up to (and excluding) the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Redemption Amounts, and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates 
of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
these Conditions by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, 
as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes unit means, with respect to any currency other 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means 0.01 Euro. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Subordinated Note for any 
period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount of each Subordinated Note by the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms 
save that, where an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such 
period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Subordinated Note 
for such period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, 
determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Subordinated Notes for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange or other relevant authority 
and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of a Rate of Interest, the 
Interest Amount, the Interest Payment Date, the Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no event later than the fourth Relevant 
Business Day after such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period in 
accordance with these Conditions. If the Subordinated Notes become due and payable under Condition 
10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amounts so calculated need be made. The 
determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, the Early Redemption Amount and the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Subordinated 
Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 32 and D2 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
(v) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(vii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (A) the actual number of days in such Determination Period and (B) 
the number of Determination Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (I) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (I) the actual number of days 
in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Periods 
in any period of one year, 
where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
Determination Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of European Monetary Union. 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Relevant Business Day, 
then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Relevant Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the date of redemption or substitution of all the Subordinated Notes. 
First Reset Rate of Interest means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the 
applicable Margin as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Rate of Interest means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable (including any Broken Amount, as 
the case may be), subject to Condition 5. 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Subordinated Notes (the Issue 
Date) or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
beginning on, and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
Margin(s) means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mid-Swap Rate means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to 
a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(d), the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period;  
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; and 
(iii) 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (or, 
if such rate with such frequency of payments is not displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page at or around the Reset Rate Time, the rate with the next closest frequency of 
payments converted in accordance with market convention to a rate with the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Subordinated 
Notes), 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, as at approximately the Reset Rate Time on such 
Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to the operation of Condition 4(d), in the event that the relevant Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Mid-
Swap Rate will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date.  
Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means, in relation to any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a 
fixed-for-floating interest rate swap in the Specified Currency which (i) has a term equal to 
the relevant Reset Period, (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate has the meaning specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Mid-Swap Maturity has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent 
investment, merchant or commercial bank that would be utilised, at the time of selection and 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant 
Reset Period.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five, but more than one, Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, the amount of that quotation so 
received. 
Reference Bond Rate means the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial bank), or their 
affiliates and respective successors, which are primary dealers or market makers in the market 
for securities such as the Reference Bond. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at approximately the 
Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, quoted in writing to the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
Relevant Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
specified, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified.  
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every Subsequent Reset 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Relevant 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the 
second Relevant Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset 
Period thereafter, the second Relevant Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset 
Period, or, in each case, such other date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Reset Rate means: 
(i) 
if Mid Swap is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Reference Bond Rate. 
Reset Rate Time the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, 
merchant or commercial bank (the Reset Reference Banks) to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately the Reset Rate Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date. If (a) at least three quotations are provided, the 
Mid-Swap Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the arithmetic 
mean (or, if only three quotations are provided, the median) of the quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); (b) if only two quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided; (c) if only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
quotation provided; and (d) if no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for 
the relevant period will be equal to the last observable mid-swap rate for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency, having a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, on the Relevant 
Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Relevant Business Day, 
then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Relevant Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Subordinated Notes are denominated. 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Relevant 
Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Relevant Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date. 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the 
rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
T2 Business Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(j) 
Calculation Agent  
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the Conditions applicable to the Subordinated Notes and for so long as any 
Subordinated Notes are outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will 
appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Step-up after Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event and Step Up after Change of Control Event are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then this Condition 5(k) shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4, if the Issuer does not elect to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6(i) following the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Event, the then currently applicable Rate of Interest, and each subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4, on the Subordinated Notes shall be 
increased by the Step Up Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) with effect from (and 
including) the date on which the Change of Control Event occurred. 
5. 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(a) 
Deferral of Interest Payments 
If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject as provided in Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) below, elect in its sole discretion to defer (in whole or 
in part) any interest payment that is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with these Conditions by giving notice (a Deferral Notice) of such election to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more than 
14 and not less than seven days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any such interest payment 
that the Issuer has elected to defer pursuant to this Condition 5(a) and that has not been satisfied is 
referred to as a Deferred Interest Payment. 
If any interest payment is deferred pursuant to this Condition 5(a) then such Deferred Interest Payment 
shall itself bear interest (such further interest being Additional Interest Amount and, together with 
the Deferred Interest Payment, Arrears of Interest), at the relevant Rate of Interest applicable from 
time to time, from (and including) the date on which (but for such deferral) the Deferred Interest 
Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but excluding) the date on which such 
Deferred Interest Payment is paid in accordance with Condition 5(b) or 5(c), in each case such further 
interest being compounded on each Interest Payment Date. 
Non-payment of interest deferred pursuant to this Condition 5(a) shall not constitute a default by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor under the Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee or for any other purpose. 
(b) 
Optional Settlement of Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest may be satisfied at the option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any given time 
(the Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date) following delivery of a notice to such effect given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents not more than 14 and no less than seven days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Settlement Date informing them of its election to satisfy such Arrears of Interest (or part thereof) and 
specifying the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date. 
If amounts in respect of Deferred Interest Payments and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in part: 
(i) 
all unpaid amounts of Deferred Interest Payment shall be payable before any of the Additional 
Interest Amounts; 
(ii) 
Deferred Interest Payments accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has 
been made of all Deferred Interest Payments that have accrued during any earlier period and 
the order of payment of the Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Deferred 
Interest Payment to which it relates; and 
(iii) 
the amount of Deferred Interest Payment or Additional Interest Amounts payable in respect 
of any of the Subordinated Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total amount 
of all unpaid Deferred Interest Payments or, as the case may be Additional Interest Amounts 
accrued on the Subordinated Notes in respect of that period to the date of payment. 
(c) 
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b), the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of 
Interest in whole, but not in part, on the first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the 
Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred. 
Notice of the occurrence of any Mandatory Settlement Date shall be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents not more than 14 and no less 
than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Mandatory Settlement Date. 
In these Conditions: 
Affiliates means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or 
is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Guarantor. 
Mandatory Settlement Date means the earliest of: 
(i) 
as soon as reasonably practicable (but not later than the seventh day) following the date on 
which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs; 
(ii) 
on the next scheduled Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer does not elect to defer in 
whole the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed or repaid in accordance with 
Condition 6 or become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10. 
A Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall have occurred if: 
(i) 
a Dividend Declaration is made in respect of any Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations 
(other than in respect of any Dividend Declaration made exclusively in Ordinary Shares of the 
Guarantor); or 
(ii) 
the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries has repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired any 
Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations, 
save, in the case of:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
(a) 
any such Dividend Declaration or such redemption, repurchase or acquisition that is 
mandatory under the terms of any such Parity Obligations;  
(b) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor by or on behalf of the Guarantor that is 
made pursuant to a buy-back program approved under Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse;  
(c) 
any Dividend Declaration in respect of any such dividend, distribution or payment by the 
Issuer to the Guarantor,  
(d) 
any Dividend Declaration or repurchase which is required to be validly resolved on, declared, 
paid or made in respect of, share option, or free share allocation plan in each case reserved for 
directors, officers and/or employees of the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates or any associated 
liquidity agreements or any associated hedging transactions;  
(e) 
any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor by or on behalf of the Guarantor as part of 
an intra-day transaction that does not result in an increase in the aggregate number of Ordinary 
Shares of the Guarantor held by or on behalf of the Guarantor as treasury shares at 8.30 a.m. 
Madrid time on the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Deferred Interest 
Payment was first deferred;  
(f) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Parity Obligations that is made for a consideration less than 
the aggregate nominal or par value of such Parity Obligations that are purchased or acquired;  
(g) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor resulting from mandatory 
obligations or hedging of any convertible securities issued by the Issuer or the Guarantor; or  
(h) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor resulting from the 
settlement of existing equity derivatives after the Interest Payment Date on which any 
outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred.  
Dividend Declaration means the authorisation by resolution of the general meeting of shareholders 
or the board of directors or other competent corporate body (as the case may be) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) of the payment, or the making of, a dividend or other distribution or payment 
(or, if no such authorisation is required, the payment, or the making of, a dividend or other distribution 
or payment). 
A Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall not occur pursuant to paragraph (i) above in 
respect of: 
(i) 
any pro rata optional payment of deferred or arrears of interest on any Parity 
Obligations which is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of 
Interest provided that such pro rata optional payment of deferred or arrears of interest 
on a Parity Obligation is not proportionately more than the pro rata settlement of any 
such Arrears of Interest (in each case by reference to (x) the amount that such pro rata 
optional interest payment bears to the overall amount of deferred or arrears of interest 
in respect of such Parity Obligations against (y) the amount that such settlement bears 
to the overall amount of Arrears of Interest on the Subordinated Notes); and 
(ii) 
any partial interest payment on any Parity Obligations made on a scheduled interest 
payment date as a result of the Issuer electing to defer in part the interest accrued in 
respect of the relevant interest period and scheduled to be paid on the relevant interest 
payment date which is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears 
of Interest, provided that such partial interest payment is not proportionally more than 
the pro rata settlement of any Arrears of Interest (in each case by reference to (I) the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
amount that such partial interest payment bears to the overall amount of deferred 
interest in respect of such Parity Obligations against (II) the amount that such 
settlement bears to the overall amount of Arrears of Interest on the Subordinated 
Notes). 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Subordinated Notes are 
undated securities with no specified maturity date. The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer other than in accordance with Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(g), 6(h), 
or 6(i). 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 6(j), redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each 
case at (i) their Early Redemption Amount (in the case of a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption 
Date falls before the first day of the Relevant Period) or (ii) their principal amount (in the case of (a) 
a Withholding Tax Event or (b) a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the first 
day of the Relevant Period), together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
In these Conditions: 
Optional Redemption Date means the date fixed for redemption of the Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to Condition 6. 
Relevant Period means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A Tax Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, in respect of (i) 
the Issuer’s obligation to make any payment under the Subordinated Notes (including any interest 
payment) on the next following Interest Payment Date; or (ii) the obligation of the Subordinated Loan 
Borrower to make any payment in favour of the Issuer under the Subordinated Loan on the next 
following due date for such payment, the Issuer or the Subordinated Loan Borrower (as the case may 
be) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of computing its tax liabilities in Spain, 
or such entitlement is materially reduced. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Tax Event shall not occur if (i) payments of interest under the 
Subordinated Loan by the Subordinated Loan Borrower or (ii) any payments under the Subordinated 
Notes by the Issuer are not deductible in whole or in part for Spanish corporate income tax purposes 
solely as a result of general tax deductibility limits set forth by Articles 16 and 63 of Law 27/2014 
dated 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax or Articles 25 bis, 47 and 89 bis of Bizkaia Corporate 
Income Tax Act approved by Foral Law 11/2013 dated 5 December (Norma Foral 11/2013, de 5 de 
diciembre, del Impuesto sobre Sociedades), as applicable, as at the Issue Date. 
Tax Law Change means a change in or proposed change in, or amendment to, or proposed amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in either case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, including, without limitation, any treaty to which Spain is a party, or 
any change in the official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations, including 
a decision of any court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
authority that provides for a position with respect to such laws or regulations or interpretations thereof 
that differs from the previously generally accepted position in relation to similar transactions, which 
change, amendment or interpretation becomes or would become, effective after the Issue Date. 
Subordinated Loan means the subordinated loan specified in the relevant Final Terms, made by the 
Issuer to the Subordinated Loan Borrower, pursuant to which the proceeds of the issue of the 
Subordinated Notes are on-lent to the Subordinated Loan Borrower. 
Subordinated Loan Borrower means Iberdrola, S.A. or such other entity specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
A Withholding Tax Event shall be deemed to occur if (i) as a result of a Tax Law Change, in making 
any payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee the Issuer or the Guarantor has 
paid or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be required to pay Additional Amounts in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee that cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, taking measures reasonably available to it or (ii) a person into which 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is merged or to whom it has conveyed, transferred or leased all or 
substantially all of its assets and who has been substituted in place of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be, as principal debtor under the Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee, respectively, is 
required to pay Additional Amounts in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee, 
respectively and such obligation cannot be avoided by such person taking reasonable measures 
available to it, unless the sole purpose of such a merger, conveyance, transfer or lease would be to 
permit the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
(c) 
Redemption for Accounting Reasons 
If Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and immediately prior 
to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has occurred and is continuing, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject 
to Condition 6(j), redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but 
not in part, at any time, in each case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption 
Date falls before the first day of the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional 
Redemption Date falls on or after the first day of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of 
Interest.  
In these Conditions: 
An Accounting Event shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer or the Guarantor has received, and 
notified the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that it has so received, a letter or report of a 
recognised accountancy firm of international standing, stating that, as a result of a change in the 
accounting principles or rules or methodology (or in each case the interpretation or application thereof) 
after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date that the aforementioned change is officially announced in 
respect of IFRS-EU or officially adopted or put into practice, the Accounting Event Adoption Date), 
the Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as “equity” in full in any of the 
consolidated financial information of the Guarantor pursuant to IFRS-EU or any other accounting 
standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the annual, semi-annual or quarterly 
consolidated financial information of the Guarantor. The Accounting Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding any later effective date. The period 
during which the Issuer may notify the redemption of the Subordinated Notes as a result of the 
occurrence of an Accounting Event shall start on, and include the Accounting Event Adoption Date.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
For the avoidance of doubt such period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting 
Event Adoption Date and the date on which it comes into effect. 
IFRS-EU means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union. 
(d) 
Redemption for Rating Reasons 
If Capital Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and immediately prior to 
the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to 
Condition 6(j), redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, in each case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption 
Date falls before the first day of the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional 
Redemption Date falls on or after the first day of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of 
Interest.  
In these Conditions: 
A Capital Event shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer or the Guarantor has, directly or via publication 
by such Rating Agency, received, and notified the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that 
it has so received, confirmation from any Rating Agency that, due to any amendment to, clarification 
of, or change in the assessment criteria under its hybrid capital methodology or a change in the 
interpretation thereof, in each case occurring or becoming effective after the Issue Date, (i) the 
Subordinated Notes will no longer be eligible (or if the Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully 
refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency 
in part or in full as a result, all or any of the Subordinated Notes that would no longer have been 
eligible as a result of such amendment, clarification, change in hybrid capital methodology or change 
in the interpretation had they not been refinanced) for the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” 
(or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to 
which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) attributed to the Subordinated 
Notes at the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant 
Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such Rating 
Agency for the first time) or (ii) the period of time during which the relevant Rating Agency attributes 
to the Subordinated Notes a particular category of “equity credit” would be shortened as compared to 
the period of time for which such Rating Agency did attribute to the Subordinated Notes that category 
of “equity credit” on the date on which such Rating Agency attributed to the Subordinated Notes such 
category of “equity credit” for the first time. 
Relevant Period means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Subordinated Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining 
thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided some of the Subordinated Notes on

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
any Par Call Date(s). Any such redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be at their principal amount 
or such other Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Subordinated Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall redeem on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In these Conditions, Par Call Date(s) means any dates specified in the relevant Final Terms and any 
dates falling within the Relevant Period. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Amount 
If Make-Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided some of the Subordinated 
Notes on any date (other than on any Par Call Date) at the Make-Whole Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Subordinated Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In these Conditions: 
Discount Rate will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
FA Selected Note means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Subordinated 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the 
Subordinated Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Subordinated Notes, 
assuming for this purpose only that the Subordinated Notes mature on (A) if the Optional Redemption 
Date occurs prior to the to the first day of the Relevant Period, the first day of the Relevant Period or 
(B) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs after the First Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
Financial Adviser means the entity so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
if such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer. 
Make-Whole Amount means as determined by the Financial Adviser will be the higher of (a) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed and (b) the 
sum of the present values of the scheduled payments of principal and the Remaining Term Interest on 
such Subordinated Notes (exclusive of interest accrued (including any Arrears of Interest) to the 
Optional Redemption Date) up to and discounted from: (A) if the Optional Redemption Date occurs 
prior to the first day of the Relevant Period, the first day of the Relevant Period or (B) if the Optional 
Redemption Date occurs after the First Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (such 
date, in the case of (A) and (B), the Discount Date), in each case, to the Optional Redemption Date 
on an annual basis at the higher of (X), being (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the relevant Redemption 
Margin or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms and (Y) 0 (zero)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
per cent. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional Redemption 
Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed. 
Make-whole Exemption Period will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption Margin(s) will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Note shall be the note so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or if 
no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
Reference Note Price means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations or (b) if the Financial Adviser 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average 
of all such quotations. 
Reference Note Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date of redemption. 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than 
the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
Reference Government Note Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are (a) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing 
corporate note issues. 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Financial 
Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference Government Note Dealer. 
Remaining Term Interest means with respect to any Subordinated Note, the aggregate amount of 
remaining scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Subordinated Note determined by the Financial 
Adviser on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Subordinated Note from and including 
the date on which such Subordinated Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 6(g) up to the Discount Date. 
(h) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to Condition 6(j), redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each case at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any 
outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(h).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
A Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes (which for these purposes shall include any 
further Subordinated Notes issued in accordance with Condition 13) is purchased by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(k)). 
(i) 
Change of Control Call Option 
If Change of Control Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and 
immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Change of Control Event has occurred 
and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders 
or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) and subject to Condition 6(l), redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in 
accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at the Optional Redemption Amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and 
any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall redeem on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition.  
In these Conditions: 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert (Relevant Persons) or any person or persons acting on behalf of such Relevant Persons, 
acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the Guarantor. 
A Change of Control Event shall be deemed to occur if a Change of Control occurs and, during the 
Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs. 
control means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights of the issued 
share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the 
members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other governing body, in each case whether obtained 
directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting 
rights, contract or otherwise. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: (1) the 
date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control; and (2) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (if any), and ending on the date which is 270 days after the date of 
the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Optional Redemption Amount means, for the purposes of this Condition 6(i), an amount equal to 
par or such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or public statement 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P); (b) Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch Ratings); 
or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if: (A) 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor by any Rating

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Agency is: (x) withdrawn; (y) ceases to be an Investment Grade Rating; or (z) if the rating assigned to 
the Guarantor by any Rating Agency which is current at the time the Change of Control Period begins 
is below an Investment Grade Rating, that rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency 
(for example BB+ to BB by S&P), provided that a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency withdrawing or lowering 
the rating does not publicly announce or otherwise confirms in writing to the Issuer that the reduction 
or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as 
a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control; or (B) at the time of the Change of 
Control there is no rating assigned to the Guarantor. 
Investment Grade Rating means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and including 
AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect to Moody’s, any of 
the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or equivalent successor categories); and 
(3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- 
(or equivalent successor categories). 
(j) 
Precondition to Redemption 
Prior to serving any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (other than Conditions 6(f) and 
6(g)), the Guarantor shall, 
(i) 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised officer of the Guarantor stating 
that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Tax Event or Withholding Tax Event deliver to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of 
independent legal or other tax advisers to the effect set out in paragraph (i) above; 
(iii) 
in the case of an Accounting Event, deliver to the Fiscal Agent the relevant letter or report 
from the relevant accountancy firm; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a Capital Event, deliver to the Fiscal Agent the relevant confirmation from the 
relevant Rating Agency. 
Any such certificate, opinion, letter, report or confirmation referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above 
shall, absent manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Subordinated Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the 
Guarantor’s Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Subordinated Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering each such Subordinated Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Subordinated Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Subordinated Certificate representing such Subordinated Notes to the Registrar and, 
in each case, if so surrendered, will, together with all Subordinated Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Subordinated Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such 
Subordinated Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of 
the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and stock exchange requirements or other relevant authority requirements. So long as the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Subordinated Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that stock exchange 
so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes, cause to be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Subordinated Notes 
outstanding and a list of the Subordinated Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. So long 
as the Subordinated Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other exchange, notices required 
to be given to the Holders of the Subordinated Notes shall also be published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Subordinated Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Subordinated Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Subordinated Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned 
below, be made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(v) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency 
and, in the case of Euro, by cheque drawn down or by transfer to, a Euro account to which Euro may 
be credited or transferred as specified by the payee.  
(b) 
Subordinated Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Subordinated Registered Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Subordinated Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) 
below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Subordinated Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register 
(i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due 
date for payment thereof (the Record Date). Payments of interest on each Subordinated 
Registered Note will be made in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque 
drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and 
mailed to the Noteholder (or to the first named of joint Noteholders) of such Subordinated 
Note at its address appearing in the Register maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by 
the Noteholder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before, the Record 
Date and subject as provided in Condition 7(a) above, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the specified currency designated by the Noteholder with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Subordinated Bearer  Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when 
due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer and 
the Guarantor will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Subordinated 
Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent having a specified office in at least two major European cities 
(including Luxembourg so long as the Subordinated Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require) in relation to Subordinated Registered Notes, (iv) 
a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (v) Paying Agents having a specified office 
in at least two major European cities (including Luxembourg so long as the Subordinated Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require), (vi) a 
Paying Agent having a specified office in a city in continental Europe outside the European Union and 
(vii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Subordinated 
Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Subordinated Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Bearer Notes 
which comprise Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes, should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount then due for payment. Any amount so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9).

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Bearer Note unmatured Coupons 
relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Subordinated Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Subordinated Notes is presented, where 
applicable, for redemption without all unmatured coupons and any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, and where any Subordinated Bearer Note is presented, where applicable, for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation, where 
applicable (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Subordinated Bearer Note or 
Subordinated Certificate representing it, as the case may be.   
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Subordinated Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 7(h), business day means a day 
which is: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business: (A) in, as regards Subordinated Bearer Notes, the relevant place of 
presentation (if presentation is required) and (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
Financial Centres in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
(A) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the specified currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the specified currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or (B) (in the case of a payment in Euro) where 
payment is to be made by payment to an account, a day on which T2 is operating. 
(i) 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
(i) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes, or announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents, 
designate a date (the Redenomination Date), being an Interest Payment Date under the 
Subordinated Notes falling on or after the date on which that country becomes a Participating 
Member State.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(ii) 
Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from 
the Redenomination Date: 
(a) 
the Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the 
specified denomination of Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Subordinated 
Note equal to the principal amount of that Subordinated Note in the Specified 
Currency, converted into Euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into Euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Community 
regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of 
the Fiscal Agent that market practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro 0.01 
of internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice 
and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Subordinated Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of such 
deemed amendments; 
(b) 
if Subordinated Notes have been issued in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or 
not attached to the Subordinated Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date (the Euro Exchange Date) on which the Issuer gives notice (the 
Euro Exchange Notice) to the Noteholders that replacement Subordinated 
Notes and Coupons denominated in Euro are available for exchange 
(provided that such Subordinated Notes and Coupons are available) and no 
payments will be made in respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Subordinated Notes denominated in 
the Specified Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all 
other obligations of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to 
exchange such Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7) shall 
remain in full force and effect; 
(c) 
new Subordinated Notes and Coupons denominated in Euro will be issued in 
exchange for Subordinated Notes and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Fiscal Agent may specify and as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in the Euro Exchange Notice; and 
(d) 
all payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes (other than, unless the 
Redenomination Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be 
a sub-division of the Euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely by Euro cheque drawn on, or 
by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or other account to which Euro may be credited 
or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in a city in a country in which 
banks have access to T2. 
(iii) 
Interest: Following redenomination of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, 
where Subordinated Notes have been issued in definitive form, the amount of interest due in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons 
are presented for payment) by the relevant holder. 
(iv) 
Interpretation: In this Condition:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Participating Member State means a member state of the European Union which adopts the 
Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Additional Amounts 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (each a Taxing Authority), unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code. In that event, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts (the Additional 
Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
have been received in respect of the Subordinated Notes or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction. Notwithstanding this, no Additional Amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon or (as the case 
may be) under the Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder of a Subordinated Note or Coupon who is 
liable for taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Subordinated 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other 
than the mere holding of the Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant Holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder in respect of whom the Issuer (or an agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information as may be necessary to allow 
payments on such Subordinated Note to be made free and clear of withholding tax or 
deduction on account of any taxes imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction, including when the Issuer 
(or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive such information concerning such 
Noteholder’s identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the 
procedures that may be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Foral Decree 
205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or 
an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement). 
(b) 
Tax Credit Payment 
If any Additional Amounts are paid by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under this 
Condition for the benefit of any Noteholder and such Noteholder in its sole discretion, determines that

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
it has obtained (and has derived full use and benefit from) a credit against, a relief or remission for, or 
repayment of, any tax, then, if and to the extent that such Noteholder in its sole opinion, determines 
that (i) such credit, relief, remission or repayment is in respect of or calculated with reference to the 
Additional Amounts paid pursuant to this Condition; and (ii) its tax affairs for its tax year in respect 
of which such credit, relief, remission or repayment was obtained have been finally settled, such 
Noteholder shall, to the extent that it can do so without prejudice to the retention of the amount of such 
credit, relief, remission or repayment, pay to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor such 
amount as such Noteholder shall in its sole opinion, determine to be the amount which will leave such 
Noteholder (after such payment) in no worse after tax position than it would have been in had the 
additional payment in question not been required to be made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor. 
(c) 
Tax Credit Clawback 
If any Noteholder makes any payment to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor pursuant to 
this Condition and such Noteholder subsequently determines in its sole opinion, that the credit, relief, 
remission or repayment in respect of which such payment was made was not available or has been 
withdrawn or that it was unable to use such credit, relief, remission or repayment in full, the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor shall reimburse such Noteholder such amount as such Noteholder 
determines in its sole opinion, is necessary to place it in the same after tax position as it would have 
been in if such credit, relief, remission or repayment had been obtained and fully used and retained by 
such Noteholder, such amount not exceeding in any case the amount paid by the Noteholder to the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Tax Affairs 
Nothing in Conditions 8(b) and 8(c) shall interfere with the right of any Noteholder to arrange its tax 
or any other affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit, oblige any Noteholder to claim any credit, relief, 
remission or repayment in respect of any payment made under this Condition in priority to any credit, 
relief, remission or repayment available to it nor oblige any Noteholder to disclose any information 
relating to its tax or other affairs or any computations in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld (or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 that, upon further presentation of the Subordinated Note (or relative Subordinated 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it; (ii) “interest” shall 
be deemed to include all Arrears of Interest, all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” 
shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts which may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor for payment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
10. 
Enforcement Events and No Events of Default 
There are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
However, if an order is made or, subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish law, an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (except, in each case, for the purposes of an amalgamation, merger, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent), then without notice from the Holder of any Subordinated Note to the 
Fiscal Agent, each Subordinated Note shall immediately become due and payable at its principal 
amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
In such case the Holder of a Subordinated Note may, at its sole discretion, institute steps in order to 
obtain, subject to mandatory provisions of applicable Spanish law, a judgment against the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor for any amounts due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, including but not limited to 
proving and/or claiming in the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or insolvency proceeding of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor for such amount. 
Each Noteholder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings as it may 
think fit to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Subordinated 
Notes or the Guarantee but in no event shall the Issuer or the Guarantor by the virtue of such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer or the Guarantor, other than as referred to in this Condition 10 shall be 
available to the Noteholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes or the Guarantee or in respect of any other breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of their 
respective other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Guarantee. 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Subordinated 
Notes (including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Subordinated Notes). An 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the 
dates of redemption of the Subordinated Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to 
reduce or cancel any premium payable on redemption of the Subordinated Notes, (iii) to reduce the 
rate or rates of interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in 
respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the 
Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to change the currency or 
currencies of payment or specified denomination of the Subordinated Notes, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass the Extraordinary Resolution, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or 
at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Agency Agreement) is 
present. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes 
by the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(b) 
Modification  
The Subordinated Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee may be 
amended by the Issuer and the Guarantor without the consent of the Noteholders to (i) correct a 
manifest error or (ii) modify these Conditions in accordance with Condition 4(d) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), Condition 11(c) (Substitution and Variation) and Condition 15 (Substitution of the 
Issuer). No other modification may be made to the Subordinated Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of 
Covenant or the Deed of Guarantee except with the sanction of a resolution of the Noteholders. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless, in the sole opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, (i) it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature; (ii) it is made to correct a manifest error; or (iii) it is not materially prejudicial to the 
Noteholders.  
(c) 
Substitution and Variation  
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and at any 
time after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor determines that a 
Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, as an alternative to an early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, on any applicable Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, (i) exchange the Subordinated Notes (the 
Exchanged Subordinated Notes) into new Subordinated Notes of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Guarantor (a Substitute Issuer) with a guarantee of 
the Guarantor, or (ii) vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes (the Varied Subordinated Notes), so 
that in either case (A) in the case of a Tax Event, in respect of (I) the Issuer’s (or Substitute Issuer’s) 
obligation to make any payment of interest under the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied 
Subordinated Notes; or (II) the obligation of the Subordinated Loan Borrower to make any payment 
of interest in favour of the Issuer (or the Substitute Issuer) under the Subordinated Loan (or any 
replacement thereof between the Subordinated Loan Borrower and the Substitute Issuer), the Issuer, 
the Subordinated Loan Borrower or the Substitute Issuer (as the case may be) is entitled to claim a 
deduction or a higher deduction (as the case may be) in respect of interest paid when computing its 
tax liabilities in Spain or in the taxing jurisdiction of the Substitute Issuer (as the case may be), as 
compared with the entitlement (in the case of the Issuer and the Subordinated Loan Borrower) after 
the occurrence of the relevant Tax Event, (B) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, in making any 
payments in respect of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes or the 
Exchanged or Varied Guarantee (as defined below) the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Substitute Issuer 
are not required to pay a greater amount of Additional Amounts in respect of the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes or the Exchanged or Varied Guarantee, (C) in the 
case of an Accounting Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or 
Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) is recorded as “equity” to the maximum extent 
possible in any of the consolidated financial information of the Guarantor pursuant to IFRS-EU or any 
other accounting standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the annual, semi-
annual or quarterly consolidated financial information of the Guarantor, or (D) in the case of a Capital 
Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated 
Notes (as the case may be) is assigned “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the relevant 
Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics 
of an ordinary share) by the relevant Rating Agency that is equal to or greater than that which was 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes on the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity 
credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time). 
Any such exchange or variation shall be subject to the following conditions:

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(i) 
the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
the Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on 
which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being admitted to trading, and (for so long as 
the rules of such exchange require) the publication of any appropriate supplement, listing 
particulars or offering circular in connection therewith, and the Exchanged Subordinated 
Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes continue to be admitted to trading on the same stock 
exchange as the Subordinated Notes if they were admitted to trading immediately prior to the 
relevant exchange or variation; 
(iii) 
the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes shall: (A) rank at least pari 
passu with the ranking of the Subordinated Notes prior to the exchange or variation, (B) (save 
in the case of a direct issue by the Guarantor) have the benefit of a guarantee (the Exchanged 
or Varied Guarantee) from the Guarantor on terms not less favourable to Noteholders than 
the terms of the Guarantee (as reasonably determined by the Issuer or Substitute Issuer and 
the Guarantor) and (C) benefit from the same or more favourable interest rates and the same 
Interest Payment Dates, the same Reset Date(s) and early redemption rights (provided that the 
relevant exchange or variation may not itself trigger any early redemption right), the same 
rights to accrued interest or Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable under the 
Subordinated Notes which, in each case, has accrued to the Noteholders and has not been paid, 
the same rights to principal and interest, and, if publicly rated by a Rating Agency immediately 
prior to such exchange or variation, at least the same credit rating immediately after such 
exchange or variation by each such Rating Agency (as the case may be), as compared with the 
relevant rating(s) immediately prior to such exchange or variation (as determined by the Issuer 
or Substitute Issuer and the Guarantor using reasonable measures available to it including 
discussions with the relevant Rating Agency to the extent practicable) (D) shall not contain 
terms providing for the mandatory deferral of interest and (E) not contain terms providing for 
loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to shares; 
(iv) 
the preconditions to redemption set out in Condition 6(j) having been satisfied and the terms 
of the exchange or variation (in the sole opinion of the Issuer or Substitute Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) not being prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, 
including compliance with paragraph (iii) above, as certified to the benefit of the Noteholders 
by an authorised officer of the Guarantor, having consulted with an independent investment 
bank of international standing, and any such certificate shall, absent fraud or manifest error, 
be final and binding on all parties. However, a change in the governing law of the provisions 
of Condition 3(a) to the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute Issuer, in 
connection with any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11(c), shall be deemed not to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders and, if the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Substitute is not Spain, Condition 3(a) shall be modified so as to reflect a substantially 
equivalent ranking for Noteholders which, in the opinion of the Issuer, the Substitute and the 
Guarantor, would have applied had there been no substitution; and 
(v) 
the issue of legal opinions addressed to the Fiscal Agent (copies of which shall be made 
available to the Noteholders at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent during usual office 
hours) for the benefit of the Noteholders from one or more international law firms of good 
reputation selected by the Issuer or the Guarantor and confirming (x) that each of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor has capacity to assume all rights, duties and obligations under the 
Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes and the Exchanged or Varied 
Guarantee (as the case may be) and has obtained all necessary corporate or governmental 
authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations and (y) the legality, validity and 
enforceability of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
12. 
Replacement of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Subordinated Note, Subordinated Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced 
or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of the Subordinated Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) 
and the Registrar (in the case of Subordinated Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for such purpose, and 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Subordinated Note, Subordinated Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented 
for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Subordinated Notes, Subordinated 
Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Subordinated Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Subordinated Notes, and references in these Conditions 
to “Subordinated Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Subordinated Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. With respect to Subordinated Registered Notes 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Subordinated Notes are admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require), any notices must also be 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort). 
Notices to the Holders of Subordinated Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). With respect to 
Subordinated Bearer Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any notice must be also 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another 
leading English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons and Talons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice to the Holders of Subordinated Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
So long as the Subordinated Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be given 
to the Holders of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall also be published (if such 
publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Until such time as any definitive Subordinated Notes are issued and so long as any Subordinated 
Global Note is held in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg there may, 
be substituted for such publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Subordinated Note or Subordinated Notes, with a Paying Agent. Whilst any of the 
Subordinated Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to 
such Paying Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as such Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for 
the Issuer (x) the Guarantor or (y) any company which is wholly-owned by the Guarantor (the 
Substitute) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substitute to be given in accordance with 
Condition 14 and, in the case of Subordinated Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
on any other exchange, to such exchange, provided that: 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons (as the case may be) is at the 
relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 8 (the Deed Poll), agree to indemnify each Noteholder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute residence for tax purposes and, if different, of 
its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and which 
would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Subordinated Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Subordinated Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Guarantor have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of recognised 
standing in each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (iii) above, in Spain and in England as 
to the fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 15 and the other matters specified in

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
the Deed Poll and that the Subordinated Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Subordinated Notes will continue to 
be listed on such stock exchange; 
(viii) 
each Rating Agency has confirmed that upon such substitution becoming effective the 
Subordinated Notes will either still be eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, “equity 
credit” (or such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the 
degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) as is attributed 
to the Subordinated Notes on the date immediately prior to such substitution or such eligibility 
or attribution will not be adversely affected; 
(ix) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings in the courts of England 
arising out of or in connection with the Subordinated Notes; 
(x) 
one authorised officer of the Issuer or one authorised officer of the Substitute shall have 
certified to the Fiscal Agent that, following consultation with an independent investment bank 
of international repute, an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise or 
independent counsel of recognised standing (where appropriate in the Issuer’s or Substitute’s 
opinion), the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Substitute has concluded that such substitution 
(A) will not result in the Substitute having an entitlement, as at the date such substitution 
becomes effective, to redeem the Subordinated Notes as a result of a Tax Event, a Capital 
Event, an Accounting Event, a Change of Control Event, a Substantial Purchase Event or a 
Withholding Tax Event and (B) will not result in the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
immediately following such substitution being materially less favourable to holders than the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such substitution; and 
(xi) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a prospectus supplement is filed with such exchange. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substitute had been named as the 
Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Subordinated Notes and 
under the Agency Agreement, and where the Substitute is the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall be 
released from its obligations under the Guarantee. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All of the provisions specified in Conditions 15(a) and 15(b) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context 
so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Conditions 15(a) or 15(c) any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the governing law of Condition 3(a) shall 
be amended to the governing law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute and, if the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute is not Spain, Condition 3(a) shall be modified so as to 
reflect a substantially equivalent ranking for Noteholders which, in the opinion of the Issuer, the 
Substitute and the Guarantor, would have applied had there been no substitution.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(f) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, the 
Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Subordinated Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court or any jurisdiction in connection with, the winding-up or dissolution of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due 
to it from the Issuer or the Guarantor shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant 
Subordinated Note or Coupon which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to 
make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any 
Subordinated Note or Coupon, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the Noteholder, 
as the case may be, against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer, failing whom 
the Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the 
purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the Noteholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate 
that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a 
separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s other obligations, shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted 
by any Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim 
or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Subordinated Note or Coupon 
or any other judgment or order. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all matters arising from or connected 
therewith, including any non-contractual obligations arising from or connected therewith, are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The status of the Subordinated 
Notes as described in Condition 3(a) and the status of the Guarantee as described in Condition 3(b)(ii) 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a Dispute) arising from or 
connected with any Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 17(b) (English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 17 prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
(e) 
Process Agent 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required 
to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to SPW 
Investments Limited, 4th Floor, 1 Tudor Street, London, EC4Y 0AH, UK or, if different, its registered 
office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in England at which process may be served on 
it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing 
in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and not to Proceedings elsewhere. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Subordinated Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be on-lent or deposited with 
another member of the Group and used either: 
a) 
for the general corporate purposes of such Group member; or 
b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, in which case the relevant 
Notes will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this section: 
Eligible Green Projects are projects which comply with the eligibility criteria from time to time as set out in 
the Iberdrola Framework for Green Financing (available at 
https://www.iberdrola.com/documents/20125/42169/Iberdrola_Framework_for_Green_Financing.pdf/5d2f9
64c-a785-0f6f-de35-9eae0fc83fc0?t=1630655010198). 
Neither the Framework for Green Financing, nor the above website are incorporated in or form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM OR 
WHILE REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A NOMINEE FOR A CLEARING SYSTEM 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form or if the Global 
Certificates are to be held under the NSS, they will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. If the Global Notes in NGN form or the Global Certificates held under the NSS are 
intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy, depositing the Global Notes or the 
Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in 
NGN form or under the NSS, respectively, the clearing systems will be notified whether or not such 
Global Notes or Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the 
Common Safekeeper.  
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS 
may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary) or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg if the Registered Note 
is not to be held under the NSS, or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper if the 
Registered Note is to be held under the NSS, and delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to the 
Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited 
to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
permitted clearing system (Alternative Clearing System) as the holder of a Note represented by a 
Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his or her share of each payment made by 
the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered 
Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3. 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Subscription and 
Sale”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.3 below, in part for Definitive 
Notes or, in the case of paragraph 3.3 below, Registered Notes: 
(a) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes; and 
(b) 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice 
to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a nominal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect 
of such holding and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an 
amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (a) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (b) for Definitive Notes if 
principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.4 
Transfer of Notes Represented by Global Certificates 
If the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes 
represented by the Global Certificate may only be made in part: 
(a) 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in 
fact do so; or 
(b) 
upon or following any failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when it is due and 
payable; or 
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (a) or (b) above, the holder 
of the Notes represented by the Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice. 
Where the holding of Notes represented by the Global Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, 
the Certificate is issued to the transferee upon transfer shall be a Global Certificate. Where transfers 
are permitted in part, Certificates issued to transferees shall not be Global Certificates unless the 
transferee so requests and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or an Alternative Clearing System.  
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (a) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (b) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or if the Global Note is a NGN, 
the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any Global Note, the 
definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a 
Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer 
will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal 
in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules 
before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if 
no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders 
for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on 
each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made 
in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the 
Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. 
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make 
the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation 
shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) of the relevant Notes 
(Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System 
Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means 
Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a permanent Global Note and such permanent Global Note is 
held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the 
relevant notice to the Holder of the permanent Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to the clearing system. So long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, 
notices in respect of such Notes shall be published in a daily newspaper having circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
4.3 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes which are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
4.4 
Meetings 
In respect of Notes issued by the Issuer, the holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate will be treated as being two persons for the purpose of any quorum 
requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of 
each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of Notes for which such Global Note may be 
exchanged. 
4.5 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation following its purchase will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
4.6 
Default 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a 
portion of it, or one or more Registered Notes represented by such Global Certificate to become due 
and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the principal amount of such Global Note or Registered Notes which is becoming due and 
repayable. Following the giving of a notice of an Event of Default by or through a common depository 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or if the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate so elects, the Global Note or Registered Notes represented by the 
Global Certificate will become void as to the specified portion and the persons entitled to such portion 
as accountholders with a clearing system will acquire direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under 
the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
4.7 
Issuer’s Option 
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 6 in the event that the Issuer exercises any 
option relating to those Notes while all such Notes which are outstanding are represented by a 
permanent Global Note. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but 
not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and shall be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion (as the case 
may be). 
4.8 
Noteholder’s Options 
Any Noteholders’ option may be exercised by the holder of a Global Note giving notice within the 
time limits specified in the Conditions to the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) of the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Note is a 
CGN, presenting such Global Note for endorsement of exercise. 
4.9 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
of the relevant clearing systems and, upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE  
This is a description of the principal terms of the guarantee dated 1 June 2023 given by the Guarantor in 
respect of the Notes issued under this Programme. It does not restate the Deed of Guarantee in its entirety. 
1. 
Guarantee and Indemnity 
1(A) 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed: 
(1) 
to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment of any and every sum or sums of money 
which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to any Note as and when 
the same shall become due and payable and has agreed unconditionally to pay to such 
Noteholder, forthwith upon demand by such Noteholder and in the manner and currency 
prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the Issuer thereunder, any and every sum or 
sums of money which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to such 
Note and which the Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time such demand is made; and 
(2) 
to each Relevant Account Holder the due and punctual payment of all amounts due to such 
Relevant Account Holder under the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become 
due and payable and has agreed unconditionally to pay to such Relevant Account Holder, 
forthwith on demand by such Relevant Account Holder and in the manner and in the currency 
prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the Issuer thereunder, any and every sum or 
sums of money which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to the 
Deed of Covenant and which the Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time demand is made. 
1(B) 
As a separate, additional and continuing obligation, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably 
undertaken to each Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder that, should any amount referred to 
in Clause 1(A) not be recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, by reason of any Note, any provision of any Note, the Deed of Covenant 
or any provision thereof being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any 
applicable law) then, notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Noteholder or 
Relevant Account Holder, the Guarantor will, as a sole, original and independent obligor, upon first 
written demand under Clause 1(A), make payment of such amount by way of a full indemnity in such 
currency and otherwise in such manner as is provided for in the Notes or the Deed of Covenant (as the 
case may be) and indemnify each Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder against all losses, 
claims, costs, charges and expenses to which it may be subject or which it may incur under or in 
connection with the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Deed of Guarantee. 
2. 
Taxes and Withholdings 
In the event that any payments made by the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee are or become 
subject to withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor has 
undertaken to the Noteholders and the Relevant Account Holders that it will use its best endeavours, 
subject to all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines and for so long as it is required to make any 
such withholding or deduction, to effect payment under the Deed of Guarantee to the Noteholders and 
Relevant Account Holders through the Issuer, or in such other manner so as to ensure that no such 
withholding or deduction is required. 
If payments made to the Noteholders or the Relevant Account Holders under the Deed of Guarantee 
through the Issuer or in such other manner so as to ensure that no such withholding or deduction is 
required, are or become illegal or contrary to the then applicable regulations or guidelines, the 
Guarantor has provided a covenant in favour of each Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder 
that it will duly perform and comply with its obligations expressed to be undertaken in Condition 8.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
3. 
Preservation of Rights 
3(A) 
The obligations of the Guarantor contained in the Deed of Guarantee shall be deemed to be undertaken 
as sole or principal debtor. 
3(B) 
The obligations of the Guarantor contained in the Deed of Guarantee shall constitute and be continuing 
obligations notwithstanding any settlement of account or other matters or things whatsoever and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not be considered satisfied by any partial payment or 
satisfaction of all or any of the Issuer’s obligations under any Note or the Deed of Covenant and shall 
continue in full force and effect in respect of each Note and the Deed of Covenant until final repayment 
in full of all amounts owing by the Issuer thereunder and total satisfaction of all the Issuer’s actual and 
contingent obligations thereunder. 
3(C) 
Neither the obligations of the Guarantor contained in the Deed of Guarantee nor the rights, powers 
and remedies conferred upon the Noteholders, the Relevant Account Holders or any of them by the 
Deed of Guarantee or by law shall be discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(1) 
the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or analogous proceeding in any jurisdiction or any 
change in its status, function, control or ownership; or 
(2) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant being or 
becoming illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; or 
(3) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect of its 
obligations under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or 
(4) 
any amendment to, or any variation, waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer under 
any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or 
(5) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this Clause 3(C), would or might operate to 
discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained or any 
of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Noteholders, the Relevant Account 
Holders or any of them by the Deed of Guarantee or by law. 
3(D) 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Noteholders, the Relevant Account 
Holders or any of them shall be conditional upon no payment to the Noteholders, the Relevant Account 
Holders or any of them by the Issuer or any other person on the Issuer’s behalf being avoided or 
reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation 
for the time being in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the 
Noteholders and the Relevant Account Holders shall each be entitled to recover the amount by which 
such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or 
discharge had not occurred. 
3(E) 
No Noteholder or Relevant Account Holder shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers 
or remedies conferred upon it by the Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(1) 
to make any demand of the Issuer, other than (in the case of the Holder of a Bearer Note) the 
presentation of the relevant Note; or 
(2) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or 
(3) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer and, save as 
aforesaid, the Guarantor hereby expressly waives, in respect of each Note, presentment, 
demand and protest and notice of dishonour.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
3(F) 
The Guarantor has agreed that so long as any amounts are or may be owed by the Issuer under any of 
the Notes or the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any actual or contingent obligations 
thereunder, the Guarantor shall not exercise rights which the Guarantor may at any time have by reason 
of performance by the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder: 
(1) 
to be indemnified by the Issuer; and/or 
(2) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes 
or the Deed of Covenant; and/or 
(3) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security taken pursuant to, or in connection 
with, any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant issued by the Issuer, by all or any of the 
persons to whom the benefit of the Guarantor’s obligations are given; and/or 
(4) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Noteholder or Relevant Account Holder against the Issuer 
in respect of amounts paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Deed of 
Guarantee. 
3(G) 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will at all times rank as described in 
Condition 3 of the Notes. 
4. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
4(A) 
Governing Law: The Guarantor has agreed that the Deed of Guarantee and all matters arising from 
or connected with it, including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
4(B) 
English courts: The Guarantor has agreed that the courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute (a Dispute), arising from or connected with the Deed of Guarantee (including a 
dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of the Deed of Guarantee) or the consequences 
of its nullity. 
4(C) 
Appropriate forum: The Guarantor has agreed that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
4(D) 
Rights of the Noteholders and Relevant Account Holders: It is agreed in the Deed of Guarantee 
that Clause 4(B) (English courts) is for the benefit of the Beneficiaries (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) only. As a result, it has been agreed that nothing in Clause 4 (Law and Jurisdiction) prevents 
the Noteholders and Relevant Account Holders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and 
Relevant Account Holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
4(E) 
Process agent: The Guarantor has agreed that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to SPW Investments Limited, 4th Floor, 1 Tudor Street, London, EC4Y 0AH, UK or, if 
different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Guarantor in Great Britain at 
which process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such 
person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor has agreed that it shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder or Relevant 
Account Holder addressed and delivered to the Guarantor appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder or 
Relevant Account Holder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the 
Guarantor and delivered to the Guarantor. The Guarantor has agreed that nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder or Relevant Account Holder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. This clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
5. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
A person who is not a party to this Deed has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Deed, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
DESCRIPTION OF IBERDROLA FINANZAS, S.A.U.  
General information 
The legal name of the Issuer is Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (Iberdrola Finanzas), a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Iberdrola, incorporated on 16 February 2005 as a corporation (sociedad anónima) under the laws of Spain. 
Iberdrola Finanzas operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of Iberdrola Finanzas is Plaza 
Euskadi 5, 48009 Bilbao, Spain, with telephone number +34 94 415 1411. Iberdrola Finanzas is registered at 
volume 4525, sheet BI-41875, page 89, entry no. 1 in the Biscay Commercial Registry. Iberdrola Finanzas 
was incorporated for an indefinite period. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Iberdrola Finanzas is 5493004PZNZWWBOUV388. 
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2022, the issued and paid-up share capital of Iberdrola Finanzas was €100,061,000, divided 
into 100,061 ordinary registered shares of €1,000 each. The whole of the issued and paid-up share capital of 
Iberdrola Finanzas is owned by Iberdrola. There are currently no arrangements in place, the operation of which 
may at a future date result in a change of control of Iberdrola Finanzas. There are no measures in place to 
ensure that the control of Iberdrola Finanzas by Iberdrola is not abused. 
Business 
The corporate purpose of Iberdrola Finanzas is the issuance of debt securities, whether on a subordinated basis 
or not, which are to be traded on the Spanish and international organised secondary markets. The net proceeds 
from the issuance of the debt securities will be deposited within Iberdrola and used for the general corporate 
purposes of Iberdrola and its subsidiaries or to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green 
Projects, as defined in this Base Prospectus. Iberdrola Finanzas is dependent on Iberdrola to service its 
obligations under these debt securities.  
Management 
Iberdrola Finanzas is managed by a board of directors which are detailed in the following table:  
Name 
Function 
Mr. J. Martínez Pérez ............................................................................................... 
Chairman 
Mr. G.J. Colino Salazar  ........................................................................................... 
Member 
Mr. D. Alcain López................................................................................................. 
Member 
Mr. D. Fernández Molina ......................................................................................... 
Member 
The business address of each director of Iberdrola Finanzas is Plaza Euskadi 5, 48009, Bilbao, Spain. 
No conflict of interest has been notified to Iberdrola Finanzas between the duties of the directors of Iberdrola 
Finanzas and their private interests or other duties. None of the directors of Iberdrola Finanzas performs any 
activities outside Iberdrola Finanzas that are significant with respect to Iberdrola Finanzas. 
Material contracts 
The material contracts entered into by Iberdrola Finanzas (other than in its ordinary course of business) which 
are relevant to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Programme are the Dealership Agreement, 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and each public deed (escritura pública) entered into in respect 
of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
DESCRIPTION OF IBERDROLA, S.A.  
General information 
The legal name of the Guarantor is Iberdrola, S.A. (Iberdrola) operating under the commercial name 
Iberdrola. It is a listed corporation which was incorporated in the Kingdom of Spain for an indefinite period 
on 19 July 1901. Iberdrola operates under the laws of Spain. Iberdrola is registered in volume 17 of the 
Companies Section, page 114, sheet 901 (current BI-167-A), entry no. 1 in the Biscay Commercial Registry. 
Its present name was adopted at the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 1 November 1992, formalised in 
a deed executed on 12 December 1992 and recorded with the Biscay Commercial Registry in volume BI-223 
of the General Companies Section, page 156, sheet BI-167-A, entry no. 923, following the merger of Iberduero, 
S.A. and Hidroeléctrica Española, S.A. 
The Iberdrola Group is now one of the world’s leading private electricity companies in terms of market 
capitalisation and the number of customers it serves.  Iberdrola is the parent company of a group of companies 
carrying out activities primarily in the electricity and gas industries, in the Kingdom of Spain and other 
countries, with a significant presence in the United Kingdom, the United States of America, Mexico, Brazil, 
and International (mainly Australia and continental Europe, Germany, France, Italy among others). With the 
scope and under the conditions established in applicable regulations in each territory, the activities carried out 
in such industries may be classified into regulated activities and liberalised activities. 
Iberdrola’s registered offices are in Bilbao (Spain), at Plaza Euskadi, nº.5, 48009 Bilbao, with telephone 
number +34 94 415 14 11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Iberdrola is 5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45. Iberdrola’s website is 
www.iberdrola.com. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
Iberdrola’s shares are listed on the Spanish stock exchange and admitted to listing on the Spanish electronic 
stock market, energy sector, electricity sub-sector, and are included in the IBEX-35 index. In addition, since 
23 June 2003, Iberdrola’s shares have been included in the FTSE EuroStoxx 100 index and, since 1 September 
2003, in the EuroStoxx 50 index. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are 6,446,364,000 shares of Iberdrola in issue all of which are 
fully subscribed and paid up at a par value of €0.75 each, resulting in a share capital of €4,834,773,000. As at 
31 December 2022, there were 6,362,094,000 shares of Iberdrola in issue, all of which are fully subscribed 
and paid up, resulting in a share capital of €4,771,570,500. The nominal value of each share is €0.75. As at 31 
December 2022, the closing price was €10.93, resulting in a market capitalisation of €69,538 million. All of 
Iberdrola’s shares are ordinary shares, represented in book-entry form and the book-entry registry is kept by 
Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal 
(Iberclear), domiciled at Palacio de la Bolsa, Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
According to information available to Iberdrola, no single person (or group of persons) controls Iberdrola. 
Nonetheless, based on publicly available information, at 31 December 2022 significant shareholders holding, 
directly or indirectly, more than 3 per cent. of Iberdrola’s ordinary share capital were (a) Qatar Investment 
Authority holding an 8.69 per cent. interest through Qatar Holding LLC (6.26 per cent.) and DIC Holding LLC 
Luxembourg II, S.A.R.L. (2.43 per cent.); (b) Blackrock, Inc. with an indirect interest of 5.29 per cent. through 
Blackrock Group; and (c) Norges Bank with a direct interest of 3.65 per cent. 
Recent developments 
On 4 April 2023, Iberdrola Generación México, S.A. de C.V. and Iberdrola Renovables México, S.A. de C.V., 
two Mexican subsidiaries of the Group, entered into a memorandum of understanding with MIP for the 
acquisition by a private trust managed by MIP of the entire share capital of certain companies holding power

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
generation facilities with an aggregate installed capacity of 8,539 MW in Mexico, of which 8,436 MW relate 
to CCGTs and 103 MW relate to an onshore wind asset.  
The assets comprised within the transaction perimeter include the combined cycle gas turbines Monterrey I & 
II, Altamira III & IV, Altamira V, Escobedo, La Laguna, Tamazunchale I, Baja California and Topolobampo 
II & III, together with the onshore wind farm La Venta III, all of them operating under the Independent Energy 
Generators’ (Productores Independientes de Energía) regime contracted with the Comisión Federal de 
Electricidad, as well as the private combined cycle gas turbines Monterrey III & IV, Tamazunchale II and 
Enertek. 
The valuation agreed for the sale of those assets (in terms of enterprise value, on a cash- and debt-free basis, 
of the companies holding the assets) is approximately U.S.$6,000 million, subject to variations depending on 
the closing date of the transaction and other potential adjustments customary in these types of agreements. 
The transaction is subject to the agreement and execution of definitive contracts by the parties, as well as to 
obtaining the required regulatory approvals and to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions precedent.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
50.00 per cent. 
Organisational structure 
The corporate structure of the principal subsidiaries of the Iberdrola Group as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is as follows:  
 
 
 
IBERDROLA, S.A. 
Iberdrola Energía, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola Ingeniería y 
Construcción, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola RE, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola Finance Ireland, DAC 
Iberdrola Inmobiliaria, S.A.U. 
Scottish Power, Ltd 
Avangrid, Inc. 
Iberdrola International B.V. 
Iberdrola Financiación, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola Inversiones 2010, 
S.A.U. 
Torre Iberdrola, AIE 68.1 per 
cent. 
Iberdrola Energía Sostenible 
España, S.A.U. 
Hidrola I, S.L.U. 
Iberdrola Energía España, 
S.A.U. 
Iberdrola España, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola Redes España, S.A.U. 
SPW Investments Limited 
Iberdrola Participaciones, S.A.U. 
Neoenergía, S.A. 
Iberdrola México, S.A. de C.V. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Energía InternacionaI, 
S.A.U. 
3.5 per cent.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Business 
In 2022, the Iberdrola Group optimised its organisational structure, which is based on a dual structure of 
geographic areas and businesses. This enables the Group to coordinate and combine the day-to-day 
management of the different businesses in each country or territory in which the Group operates, while 
exchanging information and best practices among the companies belonging to the Group, and aims to maximise 
the operating efficiency and value of its businesses as a whole.  
As a result, the Group implemented a new segment reporting in the Iberdrola, S.A. 2022 Financials, which 
was prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU 8 and is in line with Iberdrola’s management approach (i.e., how 
the top decision-making authorities of the Group review financial performance and financial position 
information during the operating or resource allocation decision-making process). Furthermore, information 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 has been restated to reflect the new segment reporting. 
The Group’s matrix structure with segments by geographical and business areas is as follows: 
By geographical area: 
▪ 
Spain; 
▪ 
the United Kingdom; 
▪ 
the United States; 
▪ 
Mexico; 
▪ 
Brazil; and 
▪ 
Iberdrola Energía Internacional (IEI), with the most relevant countries being Germany, France 
and Australia. 
Businesses: 
▪ 
Networks business: includes all the energy transmission and distribution activities, mainly gas 
and electricity, and any other regulated activity. 
▪ 
Renewables and Sustainable Generation business: includes the generation of electricity from 
renewable sources (onshore and offshore wind, photovoltaic and hydroelectric), as well as other 
energy sources, and conventional nuclear and combined cycle generation in Spain. 
▪ 
Customers business: includes energy retail supply activities, mainly gas and electricity, and 
other products and services, including hydrogen, as well as non‑renewable generation in Mexico 
as it is mostly for third parties. 
▪ 
Other businesses: other non-energy businesses. 
▪ 
Corporation: reflects the costs of the Group’s structure, derived mainly from the corporate 
functions, whether at global or local level, which provide services to the companies and 
businesses on the basis of intra-group service contracts entered into with Iberdrola or with the 
corresponding country subholding company.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
The tables below set forth the percentage of Group EBITDA for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
based on the Group’s audited consolidated annual accounts: 
By geographical area: 
Division 
               2022 
               2021 
Spain 
34.9 per cent. 
43.7 per cent. 
United Kingdom 
14.8 per cent. 
15.6 per cent. 
United States 
19.7 per cent. 
16.4 per cent. 
Mexico 
6.5 per cent. 
6.5 per cent. 
Brazil 
17.3 per cent. 
14 per cent. 
IEI 
3.3 per cent. 
3.1 per cent. 
Corporation and adjustments 
3.5 per cent. 
0.7 per cent. 
By businesses: 
Business 
Division 
Description 
2022 
2021 
Networks 
Includes all of the energy and distribution activities and any other 
regulated activity originated in Spain, the United Kingdom, the United 
States and Brazil 
49.3 per cent. 44.9 per cent. 
Electricity 
Production 
& 
Customers 
(Non-
regulated) 
Includes the generation of electricity from renewable sources (onshore 
and offshore wind, photovoltaic and hydroelectric), as well as other 
energy sources, and conventional nuclear and combined cycle 
generation and retail supply activities, mainly gas and electricity, and 
other products and services, including hydrogen 
50.6 per cent. 53.5 per cent. 
Other 
Includes the non-energy businesses 
0.1 per cent. 
0.3 per cent. 
Corporation  
0.0 per cent. 
1.3 per cent.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
General 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s consolidated installed capacity was 57,987 MW (55,551 MW as at 31 
December 2021).  
The breakdown of the Group’s capacity by technology and by country is shown in the following tables: 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
 
By technology  
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2022 
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2021 Var. Consolidated MW 
Renewables 
37,341  
2,725  
40,066  
35,419  
2,717  
38,136  
1,930  
Onshore 
19,720  
509  
20,229  
18,971  
509  
19,480  
749  
Offshore 
1,258  
- 
1,258  
1,258  
- 
1,258  
- 
Hydro 
11,654  
2,194  
13,848  
11,654  
2,194  
13,848  
- 
Minihydro 
254  
2  
256  
283  
2  
285  
(29) 
Solar and others (**) 
4,455  
20  
4,475  
3,253  
12  
3,265  
1,210  
Nuclear 
3,177  
- 
3,177  
3,177  
- 
3,177  
- 
Gas combined cycle 
16,335  
- 
16,335  
15,821  
- 
15,821  
514  
Cogeneration 
1,134  
51  
1,185  
1,134  
51  
1,185  
- 
Coal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Installed Capacity (MW) 
57,987  
2,776  
60,763  
55,551  
2,768  
58,319  
2,444  
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
 
By country 
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2022 
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2021 Var. Consolidated MW 
Spain 
28,697  
319  
29,016  
28,117  
311  
28,428  
588  
United Kingdom 
2,993  
15  
3,008  
2,993  
15  
3,008  
- 
United States 
9,293  
248  
9,541  
8,899  
248  
9,147  
394  
Mexico 
11,197  
- 
11,197  
10,683  
- 
10,683  
514  
Brazil 
2,906  
2,194  
5,100  
2,353  
2,194  
4,547  
553  
IEI 
2,901  
- 
2,901  
2,506  
- 
2,506  
395  
Installed Capacity (MW) 
57,987  
2,776  
60,763  
55,551  
2,768  
58,319  
2,444  
(*) Includes the proportional MW share 
(**) Solar capacity measured in MWdc 
The increase in capacity during 2022 originated mainly from the following facilities: 
(a) In Spain: 
- 
Installed capacity in onshore wind power increased by 86 MW due to the commissioning of 
50 MW at the Valdemoro wind farm and 36 MW at the Martín de la Jara wind farm. 
- 
In addition, following its sale, 23 MW of ordinary regime mini-hydro have been removed 
along with 6 MW under the special regime.  
- 
In photovoltaic solar capacity: Module installation work has been completed at the facilities 
of Francisco Pizarro (37 MW), Almaraz I (50 MW), Almaraz II (30 MW), Puertollano (0.2 
MW), Los Manantiales I (27 MW), Valbuena (46 MW), Cornicabra (20 MW), Espliego (8.8 
MW), Poleo (8 MW), Revilla-Vallejera (47.5 MW), Villarino (50 MW), Virgen de Areños III 
(34 MW), Llanos Pelaos III (0.5 MW), Tagus I (50 MW), Tagus II (50 MW), Tagus III (9 MW) 
and Tagus IV (50 MW).

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
- 
In battery storage projects, 5 MW were installed in Urkilla. 
(b) In the USA: 
- 
223 MW of Onshore wind power of 117 MW: Golden Hills wind farm (11 MW) and Midland 
wind farm (106 MW), where the assembly of the 25 wind turbines was finalised. 
- 
In solar photovoltaic, installation of the modules for the Lund Hill plant (92 MW) and 
Montague solar plant (185 MW of the total 211 MW the plant will ultimately have) were 
installed. 
(c) In Mexico:  
- 
514 MW following the entry into production of Tamazunchale. 
(d) In Brazil:  
- 
In onshore wind, 407 MW of the 12 wind farms comprising the Oitis wind farm complex in 
the state of Piauí, which will have a total of 566 MW, entered into commercial operation. In 
the state of Paraiba, at the Chafariz complex (472 MW), installation of the last 3 MW was 
completed. 
(e) In IEI:  
- 
In wind power capacity, 136 MW of onshore wind power was added. Commercial operation 
of 21 MW at the Mikronoros wind farm and 18 MW at Rokani began, and the assembly of 76 
MW at the Askio II and Askio III wind farms in Greece and 21 MW at the Korytnica II wind 
farm in Poland was completed. 
▪ 
Furthermore, in photovoltaic solar technology, Portugal’s first photovoltaic plant, Algeruz 2, was 
commissioned with the installation of 18 MW. Work also continued on the Alcochete I and II 
photovoltaic plants in Portugal, with the installation of 46 MW of modules during 2022, and 14 MW 
at the Conde plant. In Australia, further progress was made towards the Avonlie project, where 125 
MW was installed, and at the Port Augusta wind-solar hybrid project, where 53 MW of photovoltaic 
power were installed. In Italy, 3 MW were installed at the Montalto di Castro wind farm.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
The breakdown of the Group’s generation by technology and by country for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2021 is shown in the following table: 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
 
By technology  
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2022 
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2021 Var. Consolidated % 
Renewables 
65,472  
9,274  
74,746  
65,174  
8,776  
73,950  
0.5  
Onshore 
44,345  
1,072  
45,417  
40,586  
989  
41,575  
9.3  
Offshore 
4,497  
- 
4,497  
4,617  
- 
4,617  
(2.6) 
Hydro 
12,331  
8,171  
20,502  
16,619  
7,755  
24,374  
(25.8) 
Minihydro 
415  
5  
420  
624  
6  
630  
(33.5) 
Solar and others 
3,884  
26  
3,910  
2,728  
26  
2,754  
42.4  
Nuclear 
23,886  
- 
23,886  
23,193  
- 
23,193  
3.0  
Gas combined cycle 
58,572  
- 
58,572  
59,963  
- 
59,963  
(2.3) 
Cogeneration 
5,633  
190  
5,823  
6,820  
340  
7,160  
(17.4) 
Coal  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Net Production 
153,563  
9,464  
163,027  
155,150  
9,116  
164,266  
(1.0) 
  
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
 
By country 
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2022 
Consolidated 
at EBITDA 
level 
Managed 
by investee 
companies (*) 
Total 2021 Var. Consolidated % 
Spain 
56,012  
685  
56,697  
60,186  
782  
60,968  
(6.9) 
United Kingdom 
7,814  
9  
7,823  
6,708  
9  
6,717  
16.5  
United States 
22,111  
599  
22,710  
22,014  
570  
22,584  
0.4  
Mexico 
55,938  
- 
55,938  
54,296  
- 
54,296  
3.0  
Brazil 
6,580  
8,171  
14,751  
7,374  
7,755  
15,129  
(10.8) 
IEI 
5,108  
- 
5,108  
4,572  
- 
4,572  
11.7  
Net Production 
153,563  
9,464  
163,027  
155,150  
9,116  
164,266  
(1.0) 
(*) Includes the proportional GWh share 
Group results 
As a consequence of the current situation of the energy markets and the actual operation of these markets in 
the electricity production-final customer relationship, the Group’s businesses are reported with a 
differentiation between network activities (regulated) and energy production and customer activities as a whole 
(both with renewable and conventional sources), in order to better reflect the evolution of these businesses. 
NETWORK (Regulated) 
The Iberdrola Group distributed a total of 235,507 GWh in 2022, reflecting an increase in electricity demand 
of 0.9% when compared to 2021 (237,752 GWh distributed), and a total of 64,890 GWh in gas, representing 
an increase of 5.7% when compared to 2021 (61,365 GWh). 
  
2022 
2021 Var. Consolidated % 
Spain 
89,622  
90,962  
(1.5) 
United Kingdom 
31,020  
32,221  
(3.7) 
United States 
38,757  
38,756  
- 
Brazil 
76,108  
75,813  
0.4  
Distributed Electricity (GWh) 235,507  237,752  
(0.9) 
United States 
64,890  
61,365  
5.7  
Distributed gas (GWh) 
64,890  
61,365  
5.7

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Electricity supply points under management reached 34.3 million as at 31 December 2022 (33.9 million in 
2021). 
Managed Supply Points (Millions) 
2022 
2021 
Spain 
11.36  
11.28  
United Kingdom 
3.55  
3.55  
United States 
2.31  
2.30  
Brazil 
16.04  
15.74  
Electricity 
33.26  
32.87  
United States 
1.04  
1.03  
Gas 
1.04  
1.03  
Total supply points 
34.30  
33.90  
In 2022, the regulated business obtained consolidated results of €2,185 million after tax, an increase of 49 per 
cent. from the previous year (€1,466 million in 2021). 
Spain 
The regulated business in Spain obtained consolidated results of €777 million after tax in 2022 (€769 million 
in 2021). 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, Iberdrola distributed 89,622 GWh, a 1.5 per cent. decrease when 
compared to the corresponding period in the previous year (90,962 GWh in 2021) and distributed to more than 
11.36 million customers (11.28 million customers in 2021). 
UK 
The regulated business in the UK obtained consolidated results of €427 million after tax in 2022 (€110 million 
in 2021). 
As at 31 December 2022, Iberdrola distributed to more than 3.55 million customers (3.55 million customers 
in 2021). The volume of energy distributed during the year 2022 was 31,020 GWh (32,221 GWh in 2021), 
representing a decrease of 3.7 per cent. when compared to the same period of the previous year. 
United States 
The regulated business in the United States obtained consolidated results of €574 million after tax in 2022 
(€285 million in 2021). 
As at 31 December 2022, Avangrid, the US network subsidiary of Iberdrola, had 2.31 million electricity supply 
points (2.30 million in 2021). The energy distributed during the year 2022 was 38,757 GWh, in line with 2021 
(38,756 GWh in 2021). 
The number of gas users in the United States as at 31 December 2022 was 1.04 million (1.03 million in 2021), 
with 64,890 GWh (61,365 GWh in 2021) supplied during the year 2022, representing an increase of 5.7 per 
cent. when compared to the same period of the previous year. 
Brazil 
The regulated business in Brazil obtained consolidated results of €407 million after tax in 2022 (€302 million 
in 2021).

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
The number of customers served by the Brazilian distribution companies as at 31 December 2022 was 16.04 
million (15.7 million in 2021) and a total of 76108 GWh (75,813 GWh in 2021) was distributed during the 
year 2022. 
ELECTRICITY PRODUCTION & CUSTOMERS (Non-regulated) 
In 2022, the non-regulated business obtained consolidated results of €2,733 million after tax (€2,481 million 
in 2021), representing an increase of 10.3 per cent. when compared to the year 2021.  
Spain 
The non-regulated business in Spain obtained consolidated results of €1,795 million after tax in 2022 (€2,146 
million in 2021). 
As at 31 December 2022, the installed capacity, consolidated at EBITDA level, of Iberdrola in Spain totalled 
28,697 MW, of which 19,529 MW are renewable (28,117 MW in 2021, 18,949 MW renewables). 
In 2022, the Group produced 56,012 GWh (60,186 GWh in 2021) of electrical energy, 6.9 per cent. less than 
in 2021. Of this production, 23,330 GWH in 2022 and 27,978 GWh in 2021 were renewable, respectively. 
In 2022, the Group supplied 93,101 GWh (87,481 GWh in 2021) of electrical energy in Spain, a 6.4 per cent. 
increase from 2021. 
UK 
The non-regulated business in the UK obtained a consolidated profit of €76 million after tax in 2022 (losses 
of €218 million after tax in 2021). 
The installed capacity, consolidated at EBITDA level, totalled 2,993 MW in 2022 and produced 7,814 GWh 
(6,708 GWh in 2021), both capacity and production are renewable. 
In 2022, 18,484 GWh of electricity (19,383 GWh in 2021) and 22,919 GWh of gas (26,094 GWh in 2021) 
were supplied to customers, 4.8% and 11.6% less than in 2021, respectively. 
United States 
The non-regulated business in United States obtained a consolidated net profit of €320 million after tax in 
2022 (net profit of €52 million after tax in 2021). 
The installed capacity in United States reached 9,293 MW as at 31 December 2022, out of which 8,453 MW 
were renewable (8,899 MW in 2021, 8,059 MW renewable). The production in 2022 reached 22,111 GWh, 
out of which 19,588 GWh were renewable (22,014 GWh in 2021, 18,830 GWh renewable). 
Mexico 
The non-regulated business in Mexico obtained consolidated results of €337 million after tax in 2022 (€345 
million in 2021). 
As at 31 December 2022, the installed capacity of the Group in Mexico reached 11,197 MW (10,683 MW in 
2021). In 2022, the Group produced 55,938 GWh (54,296 GWh in 2021) of electrical energy, 3.0 per cent. 
more than in 2021. The renewable capacity 2022 and 2021 was 1,335 MW in both years and the production 
was 3,121 GWh in 2022 and 2,947 GWh in 2021. 
Electricity sales in 2022 amounted to 56,304 GWh, a 2.3 per cent. increase from 2021 (55,046 GWh).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Brazil 
The non-regulated business in Brazil obtained consolidated results of €74 million after tax in 2022 (€30 million 
in 2021). 
As at 31 December 2022, the installed capacity of Iberdrola in Brazil reached 2,906 MW (2,353 MW in 2021). 
The renewable capacity in Brazil in 2022 was 2,373 MW (1,820 MW in 2021). 
The Group produced 6,580 GWh of electrical energy, out of which 6,566 GWh were renewable (7,374 GWh 
in 2021, 4,180 GWh renewable). 
IEI 
The non-regulated business in the rest of countries in which the Group operates obtained consolidated gains 
of €130 million after tax in 2022 (gains of €121 million in 2021). 
The installed capacity reached 2,901 MW (2,506 MW in 2021) and produced 5,108 GWh (4,572 GWh in 
2021) of electrical energy in 2022. Out of the 2022 capacity, 2,658 MW were renewable (2,263 MW in 2021). 
OTHER BUSINESSES AND CORPORATION 
In 2022, Other Businesses obtained consolidated losses of €93 million after tax (€33 million gains in 2021) 
and Corporation obtained consolidated losses of €486 million after tax (€95 million losses in 2021). 
REGULATION 
The Iberdrola Group operates in a highly regulated environment. An overview of such laws and regulations is 
available at Appendix II of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 
December 2022, which are incorporated by reference herein. Although this overview contains all the 
information that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Iberdrola considers material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations. Prospective investors and/or 
their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the Iberdrola 
Group and of the impact they may have on the Iberdrola Group and any investment in the Notes and should 
not rely on this overview only. See also “Risk Factors—Risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s and the 
guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the notes—Legal and regulatory risks” above. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains insurance which provides cover against a number of risks, including property damage, 
fire, flood, third party liability and business interruption. 
However, this insurance does not completely eliminate operational risk, since it is not always possible to 
transfer it to insurance companies and, in addition, cover is always subject to certain limitations. 
Employees 
In 2022 and 2021, the Iberdrola Group’s average workforce totalled 40,090 and 38,702, respectively.  
The average number of employees in the consolidated group corresponds to all the employees in fully 
consolidated companies, as well as the employees of the joint ventures determined based on the percentage 
ownership. 
Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Iberdrola is made up of the following 14 
Directors:

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Name 
Title 
Business 
address 
Type of Director Principle activity 
outside of the Board 
of Directors of the 
Guarantor 
Mr. José Ignacio 
Sánchez Galán(1) 
Chairman 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Executive 
N/A 
Mr. Armando 
Martínez Martínez (1) 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Executive 
N/A 
Mr. Juan Manuel 
González Serna(1)(4) 
First Vice-chair 
and Lead 
Independent 
Director 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Chair of the GSU 
Found, S.L. and 
founding trustee and 
chairman of 
Fundación Grupo 
SIRO 
Mr. Anthony L. 
Gardner(1)(3) 
Second Vice-
chair 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Executive adviser of 
Brookfield Asset 
Management 
Mr. Íñigo Víctor de 
Oriol Ibarra(4) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Other external 
N/A 
Ms. María Helena 
Antolín Raybaud(3) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Other external 
Vice-chair of the 
Board of Directors 
and member of the 
Management 
Committee of Grupo 
Antolin Irausa 
Mr. Manuel Moreu 
Munaiz(1)(4) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Chairman of Seaplace, 
sole director of H.I. de 
Iberia Ingeniería y 
Proyectos and Howard 
Ingeniería y 
Desarrollo, and vice-
chair of Tubacex, S.A. 
Mr. Xabier Sagredo 
Ormaza(2) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
independent 
Chair of the Board of 
Trustees of Bilbao 
Bizkaia Kutxa 
Fundación Bancaria-
Bilbao Bizkaia Kutxa 
Banku Fundazioa and 
of BBK Fundazioa

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Ms. Sara de la Rica 
Goiricelaya(5) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Director of Fundación 
ISEAK 
Ms. Nicola Mary 
Brewer(5) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Independent director 
of The Weir Group 
plc. 
Ms. Regina Helena 
Jorge Nunes(2) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Founding partner and 
CEO of RNA Capital 
and director of Cielo, 
S.A. 
Mr. Ángel Jesús 
Acebes Paniagua(1)(3) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Founding partner and 
director of MA 
Abogados Estudio 
Jurídico, S.L.P., 
managing partner of 
Michavila Acebes 
Abogados, S.L.P. and 
sole director and 
professional partner of 
Doble A Estudios y 
Análisis, S.L.P. 
Ms. María Ángeles 
Alcalá Díaz(2) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Commercial Law 
professor at University 
of Castilla-La Mancha 
and counsel adviser of 
Ramón y Cajal 
Abogados, S.L.P. 
Ms. Isabel García 
Tejerina (5) 
Member 
Bilbao, Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Senior Adviser at 
Ernst & Young 
España, S.A. 
Independent director 
of Avanza Previsión 
Compañía de Seguros, 
S.A. 
(1) 
Executive Committee. 
(2) 
Audit and Risk Supervision Committee. 
(3) 
Appointments Committee. 
(4) 
Remuneration Committee. 
(5) 
Sustainable Development Committee. 
The Secretary of the Board of Directors is Mr. Santiago Martínez Garrido, and the Deputy Secretary is Ms. 
Ainara De Elejoste Echebarría. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the Board members’ duties to Iberdrola and their private 
interests or other duties. All potential conflict of interest situations involving the Board members were avoided 
by operation of the procedures set forth in the applicable rules and regulations described in section D.6 of the

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Annual Corporate Governance Report 2022. In particular, Article 44 of the Regulations of the Board of 
Directors provides that directors who become involved in a conflict of interest (i) shall give written notice 
thereof to the Board of Directors, specifically to the Secretary of the Board, and (ii) shall not attend or 
participate in the deliberation and voting on those matters regarding which the director is involved in a conflict 
of interest. Additionally, transactions by Iberdrola with directors and significant shareholders are subject to 
the approval of the Board and disclosed in the financial and corporate governance information (Article 48 of 
the Regulations of the Board of Directors). Conflicts of interest with officers or any other professionals within 
the Group are regulated in the Code of Ethics. 
Iberdrola’s Annual Corporate Governance Report 2022 is available on the internet at www.iberdrola.com. 
Iberdrola’s website also provides further information about the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the updated 
composition of the Board of Directors and its Committees, as well as the curriculum vitae, other activities 
developed, and interest in the share capital held by each one of the members thereof. Iberdrola’s website 
(www.iberdrola.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Management Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the persons responsible for the day-to-day management of Iberdrola 
and their functions are as follows:  
 
Name 
Title 
Business address 
Principle Activities 
outside of the 
Guarantor 
Mr. José Ignacio 
Sánchez Galán (1) 
Chairman 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Armando Martínez 
Martínez 
Chief Executive Officer 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. José Sainz Armada 
Finance, Control and 
Corporate Development 
(CFO) 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Santiago Martínez 
Garrido 
General Secretary and 
Secretary of the Board 
of Directors 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Ms. Sonsoles Rubio 
Reinoso (2) 
Internal Audit Director 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Juan Carlos Rebollo 
Liceaga (2) 
Risk Management and 
Internal Assurance 
Director 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Ms. María Dolores 
Herrera Pereda (3) 
Director of Compliance 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Ms. Elena León Muñoz 
Director of the 
Networks Business 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Xabier Viteri Solaun Director of the 
Renewables Business 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Aitor Moso Raigoso 
Director of the Retail 
Business 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Asís Canales 
Abaitua 
Director of People and 
Services 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
Mr. Agustín Delgado 
Martín 
Director of Innovation 
and Sustainability 
Bilbao, Plaza Euskadi 5 
N/A 
(1) 
Reporting to the Board of Directors. 
(2) 
Functional dependence of the Audit and Risk Supervision Committee. 
(3) 
Dependence of the Sustainable Development Commission. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group believes there are no potential conflicts of interest between 
any duties owed by the persons responsible for the day-to-day management of Iberdrola to Iberdrola and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties.  
Material contracts 
The material contracts entered into by the Group (other than in its ordinary course of business) and which are 
relevant to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes are the Dealership Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 1 June 
2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Dealership Agreement) between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the 
Issuer, to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
The Issuer failing whom, the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to 
all the Dealers or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any 
time on giving not less than ten business days’ notice. The Dealership Agreement provides that the obligation 
of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in 
certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any 
such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2, TEFRA D (as defined below), unless TEFRA C (as defined below) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit or, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether the provisions of U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or substantially identical 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, substantially identical regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA C), the provisions of U.S. Treasury 
regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury regulation section 
including, without limitation, substantially identical regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA D), or neither the provisions of TEFRA C nor TEFRA D (TEFRA not 
applicable) will apply to the issuance of Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of their distribution at any time (b) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, or the 
Fiscal Agent by such Dealer or, in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or, as provided below, in accordance 
with Rule 144A thereunder, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirement of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (if available). 
Such Dealers as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms may offer and sell Notes in accordance with Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (144A Resale) subject to compliance with all applicable United States selling 
restrictions. 
In connection with any such 144A Resale, each relevant Dealer will be required to represent and agree that (a) 
neither it nor any person acting on its behalf has made or will make offers or sales of Notes by any form of 
general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) and 
(b) if required by law, it will deliver to each qualified institutional buyer purchasing a Note or Notes from it a 
Base Prospectus. 
Each Series of Notes may also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and 
b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Kingdom of Spain  
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus has been approved or registered in the administrative registries of 
the Spanish Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may not be offered, sold, distributed or re-sold in the Kingdom of Spain 
except (i) in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in the Kingdom of Spain as 
provided by article 35 of Law 6/2023 of 17 March (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores 
y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the Spanish Securities Market Law) and the Prospectus Regulation; (ii) by 
institutions authorised to provide investment services in the Kingdom of Spain under the Spanish Securities 
Market Law and Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de 
inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in the Kingdom of Spain; and (iii) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the FIEA). Each Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time. 
Singapore  
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS, and the Notes will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (SFA). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
all Notes shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations, all as amended from time to time; or  
(b)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the 
Issuers Regulation), as amended from time to time, and applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i)  
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the Banking Act) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (implementing 
Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998), all as amended from time to time;  
(ii)  
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and   
(iii)  
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent 
authority. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as amended 
(“FinSA”), except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the 
FinSA; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss 
review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to any investor that 
qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, notwithstanding the specific selling restrictions set out herein, it will comply with all applicable securities 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
undertake, that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the subscription, offer or 
sale by it of any Notes or possession or distribution by it of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
under the applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in or from which 
it makes any subscription offer or sale.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (SENIOR NOTES) 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(1) of the SFA), that 
the Senior Notes [are] [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and are [Excluded]/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493004PZNZWWBOUV388 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes]  
[Indicate in title if the Senior Notes are green bonds, i.e. if issued to finance Eligible Green Projects] 
Guaranteed by 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45 
Under the EUR 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
Senior Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] [and [⚫]] which [together] constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information to comply with Article 8(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Senior Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. and are available for viewing at www.iberdrola.com 
and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be 
reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue 
would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.) 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes do not constitute prescribed capital markets 
products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) of Senior Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [22 
June 2016/28 July 2017/1 August 2018/25 June 2019/24 June 2020/25 June 2021/1 June 2022] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [⚫]] in order to obtain all the relevant information to comply with Article 8(5) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
Base Prospectus), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [22 
June 2016/28 July 2017/1 August 2018/25 June 2019/24 June 2020/25 June 2021/1 June 2022] and 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023. Full information on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Senior Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and each Base Prospectus dated [22 June 2016/28 July 2017/1 August 2018/25 June 2019/24 June 
2020/25 June 2021/1 June 2022] and 1 June 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]]. The 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
at www.luxse.com and are available for viewing at www.iberdrola.com and copies may be obtained from 
[address].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable may be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing Final Terms.) 
(When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
1. 
(i) 
[Series Number: 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[         ]] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Senior Notes will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Senior Notes will be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the existing notes with Series 
number [        ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Senior Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Senior Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [        ] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount admitted to 
trading: 
[         ] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[         ]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[         ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus [        ] corresponding to the 
accrued interest for the period commencing on 
and including [        ] to, but excluding, the Issue 
Date].

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[        ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] [(NB: The Maturity Date 
[should not be/may need to be not] less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] (see item 12 below) 
 
[[        ] 
Month 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/- [        ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] (see item 13 below) 
 
[Zero Coupon] (see item 14 below) 
 
(see paragraph [12]/[13]/[14] below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [12/13] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [12/13] applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
[(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19] below] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Senior Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Senior Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/
365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[B
ondBasis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(
ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] (only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual 
(Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[        ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[        ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[[        ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date)

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent) 
[          ] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] 
[Month] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
– 
Reference Banks 
[          ] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second T2 Business Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Accrual Period] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily or Weighted 
Average 
Calculation 
Method 
(Index 
Determination 
Not 
Applicable): 
[Second] 
[Business Day] prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] [Insert for Index Determination: 
The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
[and Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] [          ]/[The date falling 
[          ] Business Days prior to the first day of 
each Interest Accrual Period]/ [First day of each 
Interest Accrual Period]/[The [first, second, third 
etc.] Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for each Interest Accrual 
Period (or immediately preceding such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Senior Notes are due 
and payable).][provide details]/ 
[The Interest Payment Date at the end of each 
Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Accrual Period prior to the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Cut-off Date (Include this wording for Payment 
Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate 
is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Fiscal Agent.)  
– 
Effective Interest Payment 
Date: 
[The date falling [          ] Business Days 
following each Interest Payment Date, provided 
that the Effective Interest Payment Date with 
respect to the last Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Senior Notes before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at 
least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment 
Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ]/[Bloomberg 
Page 
SONIO/N 
Index]/[New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve’s 
Website]/[ECB’s Website] 
– 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ 
Not Applicable] 
– 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Look-back Period should be at 
least as many Business Days before the Interest 
Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
“Observation 
Look-back 
Period” 
is 
only 
applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” 
is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, 
select “Not Applicable”.) 
– 
D: 
[365/360/[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
Rate Cut-off Date 
[The date falling [          ] Business Days prior to  
the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable (include for Payment 
Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Fiscal Agent.)

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination 
is  
applicable: 
 
– 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
€STR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[          ]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[          ]/[As per the Conditions]   
(This should be a number that is five or greater 
where 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is 
applicable.) 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[          ]/[As per the Conditions]   
– 
Numerator: 
[          ]/[As per the Conditions]   
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ]  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination) 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
– 
Compounding 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
[Compounding Method 
[Compounding with Lookback

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
[Index Method 
 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each 
short 
or 
long 
interest 
period)/Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/
365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[B
ondBasis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(
ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/
365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[B
ondBasis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(
ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount][Make-Whole 
Amount] 
(iii) 
Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Note: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Redemption Margin: 
[        ] 
Financial Adviser: 
[        ] 
Quotation Time: 
[        ]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(b) 
Discount Rate: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [        ] to 
(but excluding) [        ]/the Maturity Date]] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[        ] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
 
Maximum period: [       ] days (N.B. When setting 
notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [      ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
17. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent)] 
18. 
Residual Maturity Call Option     
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Period: 
[The [●]-month period ending on the Maturity 
Date] [As per Condition 6(f)] 
19. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent)

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on Event 
of Default and/or the method of calculating 
the same: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
22. 
(a) 
Form of Senior Notes: 
Senior Bearer Notes: 
 
[Senior Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Senior Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Senior 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Senior Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
[Senior Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Senior Definitive Notes] 
 
[Senior Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Senior 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Senior Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
[Senior Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Senior Registered Notes in the circumstances 
specified in the Senior Permanent Global Note.] 
[Senior Bearer Notes may not be physically 
delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, 
a depositary or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
(Include for Senior Bearer Notes that are to be 
offered in Belgium) 
 
Senior Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Senior Global Note (U.S.$/€ [        ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)]]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
[Rule 144A Senior Global Note (U.S.$ [        ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[only applicable to Senior Bearer Notes] 
23. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 12(ii)) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Senior Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Senior Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
25. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 13 
apply] 
26. 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] [Fiscal Agent] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[        ] has been extracted from [        ]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [        ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
 ................................................................  
By: 
 ................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Application has been made for the Senior Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange][other 
relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[        ]] [Application is expected to be made for 
the Senior Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[relevant regulated market] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that the original Senior Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Senior Notes are not expected to be 
rated][The Senior Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Senior Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[According to [     ] as published by Standard & 
Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited, a rating by 
Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited 
of [     ] indicates [      ]. 
According to [     ]  as published by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited, a rating by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited of [      ] indicates [      ].   
According to [     ] as published by Fitch Ratings 
Limited, a rating by Fitch Ratings Limited of [     ] 
indicates [      ].] 
 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [[Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation [(and, as such is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation)], disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency]. While notification of the corresponding 
final endorsement decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority, the 
European Securities and Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in third countries may 
continue to be used in the EU by relevant market 
participants for a transitional period ending on 30 
April 2012.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation[[ [EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation] [ [OR:] although notification of 
the corresponding certification decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority [and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
competent authority and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Senior Notes has an interest 
material to the offer.] The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[        ]/See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5. 
FIXED RATE SENIOR NOTES ONLY – 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear  
and Clearstream Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Senior Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the International 
Central Securities Depositaries (ICSDs), being 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
common safekeeper, [and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] 
[include this text for registered notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met. 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Senior Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Senior Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Senior Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[      ] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (SUBORDINATED NOTES) 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Subordinated Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Subordinated Notes and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Subordinated Notes and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309(1) of the SFA), that the Subordinated Notes [are] [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded]/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493004PZNZWWBOUV388 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] Year Non-Call] [Undated Subordinated Reset Rate 
Guaranteed Subordinated Notes]  
[Indicate in title if the Subordinated Notes are green bonds, i.e. if issued to finance Eligible Green Projects] 
Guaranteed on a subordinated basis by 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45 
Under the EUR 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
Subordinated Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] [and [⚫]] which [together] constitute a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the 
relevant information to comply with Article 8(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the offer of the Subordinated Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. and are available for viewing at 
www.iberdrola.com and copies may be obtained from [address]. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be 
reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue 
would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.) 
 
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes do not constitute prescribed capital 
markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) of Subordinated Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[1 June 2022] which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]] in order to obtain all the relevant information to comply with 
Article 8(5) of the Prospectus Regulation, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Base Prospectus dated [1 June 2022] and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 
2023. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Subordinated Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and each Base Prospectus dated [1 June 2022] and 1 June 
2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]]. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have 
been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and are available for 
viewing at www.iberdrola.com and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable may be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing Final Terms.) 
(When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
1. 
(i) 
[Series Number: 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[         ]] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
The Subordinated Notes will be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the existing Subordinated Notes with 
Series number [        ] on [the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Subordinated Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Subordinated Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [        ] below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount admitted to 
trading: 
[         ] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[         ]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[         ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus [        ] corresponding to the accrued interest 
for the period commencing on and including [        ] 
to, but excluding, the Issue Date]. 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ]

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[        ]/[Issue Date] 
7. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Resettable Rate Subordinated 
Notes 
 
(see paragraph 13 above) 
8. 
Interest 
Deferral 
- 
Optional 
Interest 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Relevant Period(s): 
[ 
] [Any day falling in the period from (and 
including) [ 
]  [to (but excluding) [   ])]. 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Par Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Call Option] 
 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Accounting Event] 
[Capital Event] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [14]/[15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19] 
below] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Subordinated Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Resettable Rate Provisions 
 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year  
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
(iv) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap] [Reference Bond] 
(v) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[          ] 
(vi) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[          ] 
(vii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[          ] 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum 
(Specify different Margins for different periods if 
appropriate) 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/36
5(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[BondB
asis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(ISDA)]/
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
(xv) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[[          ] in each year][As per Conditions]  
(xvi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(xvii) Reset Rate Time: 
[          ] [11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency] 
(xviii) Business Centre(s): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent) 
[          ] 
(xx) 
Step Up after Change of Control 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Step Up Margin after Change of 
Control Event: 
[5] per cent. per annum

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Par Call Date(s): 
[Specify dates] [Any dates falling within the 
Relevant Period and each Interest Payment Date 
thereafter] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: [_____] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: [_____] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
 
Maximum period: [       ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
15. 
Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Make Whole Amount): 
 
(a) 
Reference Note: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Redemption Margin(s): 
[        ] (Specify if different Make-whole Margins 
apply within certain date ranges) 
Financial Adviser: 
[        ] 
Quotation Time: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Discount Rate: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [        ] [to 
(but excluding) [        ]]] 
(ii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: [_____]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: [_____] 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
 
Maximum period: [       ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
16. 
Change of Control Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)] 
 
[For the avoidance of any doubt, the following text 
does not form part of the Conditions: At or around 
the Issue Date, the Guarantor intends to undertake 
with and for the benefit of all holders of certain of its 
securities (Qualifying Securities) that, for so long as 
any of the Subordinated Notes is outstanding, 
following the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Event in respect of which it intends to deliver a 
notice 
exercising 
its 
right 
to 
redeem 
the 
Subordinated Notes under Condition 6(i) it will do 
so only after making a tender offer, directly or 
indirectly, to all holders of Qualifying Securities to 
repurchase their respective Qualifying Securities at 
their respective 
aggregate nominal amounts 
together with any interest accrued until the day of 
completion of the repurchase.] 
17. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
18. 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Capital Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption when applicable and/or the 
method of calculating the same: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
21. 
(a) 
Form of Subordinated Notes: 
Bearer Subordinated Notes: 
 
[Subordinated 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Subordinated Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Subordinated Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Subordinated Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Subordinated 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Subordinated Definitive Notes] 
 
[Subordinated Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Subordinated Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Subordinated 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Subordinated Bearer Notes may not be physically 
delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] (Include for 
Subordinated Bearer Notes that are to be offered in 
Belgium) 
 
Subordinated Registered  Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Subordinated Global Note (U.S.$/€ 
[        ] nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]] 
 
[Rule 144A Subordinated Global Note (U.S.$ [        ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[only applicable to Subordinated Bearer Notes] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[only applicable to Subordinated Registered Notes]

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
22. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 12(ii)) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Subordinated Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
24. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 13 
apply] 
25. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities 
[        ] 
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Subordinated Notes) 
26. 
Subordinated Loan: 
[        ] 
27. 
Subordinated Loan Borrower: 
[        ] [Iberdrola, S.A.] 
28. 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] [Fiscal Agent]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[        ] has been extracted from [        ]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [        ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
 ................................................................  
By: 
 ................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Application has been made for the Subordinated 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange][other 
relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[        ]] [Application is expected to be made for 
the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [relevant regulated market] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that the original Subordinated Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Rating Agency: 
[As per Conditions] [        ] 
Ratings: 
[The Subordinated Notes are not expected to be 
rated][The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Subordinated 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Subordinated Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[According to [     ] as published by Standard & 
Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited, a rating by 
Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited 
of [     ] indicates [      ]. 
According to [     ]  as published by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited, a rating by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited of [      ] indicates [      ].   
According to [     ] as published by Fitch Ratings 
Limited, a rating by Fitch Ratings Limited of [     ] 
indicates [      ].]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [[Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation [(and, as such is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation)], disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency]. While notification of the corresponding 
final endorsement decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority, the 
European Securities and Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in third countries may 
continue to be used in the EU by relevant market 
participants for a transitional period ending on 30 
April 2012.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] in

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation[[ [EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation] [ [OR:] although notification of 
the corresponding certification decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority [and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
[Replacement Intention: 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the following text 
does not form part of the Conditions: The 
Guarantor intends (without thereby assuming any 
obligation) at any time that it or the Issuer will 
redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes 
only to the extent that the aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed 
or repurchased does not exceed such part of the 
net proceeds received by the Guarantor or any 
subsidiary of the Guarantor on or prior to the date 
of such redemption or repurchase from the sale or 
issuance by the Guarantor or such subsidiary to 
third party purchasers (other than group entities 
of the Guarantor) of securities which are assigned 
by S&P, at the time of sale or issuance, an 
aggregate “equity credit” (or such similar 
nomenclature used by S&P from time to time) that 
is equal to or greater than the “equity credit” 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed or repurchased at the time of their 
issuance (but taking into account any changes in 
hybrid capital methodology or another relevant 
methodology or the interpretation thereof since 
the issuance of the Subordinated Notes), unless: 
(i) the rating assigned by S&P to the Guarantor is 
the same as or higher than the long-term 
corporate credit rating assigned to the Guarantor 
on the date when the most recent additional hybrid 
security was issued (excluding refinancings 
without net new issuance) and the Guarantor is of 
the view that such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or repurchase, 
or 
(ii) in the case of a repurchase or a redemption, 
taken together with other relevant repurchases or 
redemptions of hybrid securities of the Group, 
such repurchase or redemption is of less than (a) 
10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding hybrid securities of the Group in

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
any period of 12 consecutive months or (b) 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding hybrid securities of the Group in any 
period of 10 consecutive years, or 
(iii) in the case of a repurchase or redemption, 
such repurchase or redemption relates to an 
aggregate principal amount of Subordinated 
Notes which is less than or equal to the excess (if 
any) above the maximum aggregate principal 
amount of the Guarantor’s hybrid capital to which 
S&P then assigns equity content under its 
prevailing methodologies, or 
(iv) the Subordinated Notes are redeemed 
pursuant to a [Tax Event, a Capital Event, an 
Accounting Event, a Change of Control Event, a 
Substantial Purchase Event or a Withholding Tax 
Event], or 
(v) if the Subordinated Notes are not assigned an 
“equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature 
then used by S&P) at the time of such redemption 
or repurchase, or 
(vi) such redemption or repurchase occurs on or 
after the Reset Date falling on [●].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Subordinated Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.] The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[        ]/See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5. 
FIXED 
RATE 
SUBORDINATED 
NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
Common Code: 
[          ]

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear  
and Clearstream Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Subordinated Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
International Central Securities Depositaries 
(ICSDs), being Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
as common 
safekeeper, 
[and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held 
under the NSS,] [include this text for registered 
Subordinated Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met. 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Subordinated Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Subordinated Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered 
Subordinated Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Subordinated Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[      ]

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are 
resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
any payments under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided below 
does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in Spain and is subject 
to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive 
effect.  
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes, where applicable.  
Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised 
advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes 
which could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this document: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on supervision and 
solvency of credit entities (Law 10/2014) as well as Foral Decree 205/2008, of 22 December (Foral 
Decree 205/2008) and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July (Royal Decree 1065/2007), as amended; 
(ii) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax (PIT), 
Law 35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income 
Tax Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the PIT 
Law), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March, passing the PIT Regulations, as amended (the PIT 
Regulations), along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Net Wealth Tax, as amended, Law 38/2022 of 
27 December for the Establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes and Taxes on Credit Institutions and 
Financial Credit Establishments and which Creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, 
and Modifies Certain Tax Regulations, as amended, and along with Law 29/1987, of 18 December, 
on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax 
(CIT), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, governing the CIT, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, 
passing the CIT Regulations (CIT Regulations), as amended; and

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the 
Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, passing the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, passing 
the NRIT Regulations, as amended and along with Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on the Inheritance 
and Gift Tax, as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax passed by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt from Value Added 
Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income obtained 
from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax 
purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an 
individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or exchange 
of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s own capital to third 
parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in the 
investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law and taxed at a flat 
rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per 
cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between 
€200,000.1 and €300,000, and 28 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €300,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per cent.  
However, it should be noted that Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 established certain 
procedures for the provision of information which are explained under section “–Taxation in Spain – 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below and that, in particular, in the case of debt listed 
securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is 
recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state, as the Notes issued by 
Iberdrola Finanzas: 
(i) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who are individuals 
resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals; 
and  
(ii) 
interest paid to all Noteholders (whether tax resident in Spain or not) should be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the information procedures are complied with. 
Therefore, Iberdrola Finanzas understands that, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 
1065/2007, it has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes corresponding to 
Noteholders who are individuals with tax residency in Spain provided that the information procedures (which 
do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with.  
Nevertheless, Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted 
by other entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax 
purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. 
The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final PIT liability.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
Regarding the interpretation of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the information 
procedures, please refer to section “Risk Factors—Risks relating to withholding in respect of payments made 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor” above. 
2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax on a worldwide basis, to the extent that 
their net wealth exceeds €700,000 generally, although this threshold may be different depending on the 
relevant Autonomous Community. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they 
hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. although 
the final tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
2.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals on a 
worldwide basis. 
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes to the extent that their net worth exceeds €3,000,000. Therefore, they should take into account the 
value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per 
cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the Autonomous Communities apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order 
to avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from 
the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes is established for an initial period of two years, so that it is 
applicable in the first two fiscal years in which such tax is accrued. However, the Law regulating such tax 
incorporates a review clause to evaluate its results at the end of the initially foreseen period of validity in order 
to assess its maintenance or elimination. 
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The effective tax rates currently range between 0 per cent. and 
81.6 per cent. although the final tax rate may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws and some 
reductions and tax benefits may apply. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both interests periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own 
capital and must be included in the profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain and 
will be subject to CIT at the current general rate of 25 per cent. following the CIT rules. 
Pursuant to Section 61.s of the CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to make a withholding on income 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in 
OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer 
may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the 
depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement 
of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised 
market in an OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant 
investors against their final CIT liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of 
listed debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement 
entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state (such as the 
Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas), interest paid to investors should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. 
The foregoing is subject to certain information procedures having been fulfilled. These procedures are 
described in “–Taxation in Spain — Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below.  
Therefore, Iberdrola Finanzas considers that, pursuant to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
it has no obligation to withhold any tax on interest paid on the Notes in respect of Noteholders who are Spanish 
CIT taxpayers, provided that the information procedures are complied with. 
Regarding the interpretation of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the information 
procedures, please refer to section “Risk Factors— Risks relating to withholding in respect of payments made 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor” above. 
3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities who are resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Legal entities who are resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on 
Large Fortunes. 
3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities who are resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
4.1 
Non Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “Taxation in 
Spain—Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
(b) 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, other than Zero Coupon Notes with a duration of more than 12 months, 
obtained by individuals or legal entities who have no tax residency in Spain, being NRIT taxpayers 
with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such NRIT.  
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in the 
manner detailed under “—Taxation in Spain — Disclosure of Information in Connection with the 
Notes” as set out in Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. 
4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals who are resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to 
Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose 
properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed €700,000 
on the last day of any year, would be subject to Net Wealth Tax for such year, at the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Noteholders who are not tax residents in Spain may be entitled to apply the specific regulations of the 
Autonomous Community where their most valuable assets are located and which trigger this Spanish Net 
Wealth Tax due to the fact that they are located or are to be exercised or must be fulfilled within the Spanish 
territory. 
Non-resident legal entities are not subject to Spanish Net Wealth Tax. 
4.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised 
within the Spanish territory, and exceed €3,000,000 may be subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes. In such event, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December 
each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the Autonomous Communities apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order 
to avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from 
the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how this tax may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. 
Non-resident legal entities are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
4.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain and acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will not be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in Spain if the country in which such 
individual resides has entered into a double tax treaty with Spain in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax. In the 
absence of such treaty between the individual’s country of residence and Spain, the individual will be subject 
to Inheritance and Gift tax in accordance with the applicable regional and state legislation. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to 
the rules set forth in the state legislation. However, if the deceased or the donee is not tax resident in Spain, 
the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant Autonomous Communities according to the 
law.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, ranges between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
Non-resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy 
are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax. If the entity is 
resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of the treaty will 
apply. In general, tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the 
beneficiary. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed 
all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, they may 
attempt to impose withholding tax in Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest. In 
this case, should Law 10/2014 be applicable (e.g., in the case of payments to be made by the Guarantor in 
respect of Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas in the form of Global Notes), the Guarantor, in accordance with 
Law 10/2014, Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, would not be obliged to withhold taxes in 
Spain on any interest paid under the Guarantee to the Noteholders, that (i) can be regarded as listed debt 
securities issued under Law 10/2014; and (ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity 
that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OCDE member state, provided that the 
Fiscal Agent fulfils with the information procedures described in “Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Disclosure 
of Information in connection with the Notes” below.  
On the contrary, if Law 10/2014 is not applicable to the Notes, payments of interest made under the Guarantee 
to the Noteholders may be subject to Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) 
unless the recipient is either (a) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than 
Spain, or in another member state of the European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange 
of information with Spain (or a permanent establishment of such resident situated in another Member State of 
the European Union or in another member state of the European Economic Area with which there is an 
effective exchange of information with Spain) not acting through a territory considered as a non-cooperative 
jurisdiction pursuant to Spanish law (as defined by the Law 36/2006, of 29 November, on prevention measures 
and actions against tax fraud, as amended through Law 11/2021, of 9 July, and as amended) nor through a 
permanent establishment in Spain, provided that such person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax 
residence certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, each certificate being valid for a period of one 
year beginning on the date of the issuance, (b) resident in a country which has entered into a Tax Treaty with 
Spain which provides for the exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, provided that such 
person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax resident certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, 
each certificate being valid for a period of one year beginning on the date of the issuance, or (c) a Spanish 
Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
as initially envisaged. Tax treaties could reduce this hypothetical withholding taxation. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish Tax Authorities of the Ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. individuals, legal 
entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets or 
rights.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, Noteholders 
who are resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before 
the Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 
December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2024 and 31 March 2024 the 
Notes held on 31 December 2023). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with 
other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be made 
in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in 
subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 
as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the 
Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
Taxation in Spain - Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with Interest Payments  
In accordance with section 5 of Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and section 5 of Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 and provided that the Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas are initially registered for 
clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, the Paying Agent designated by Iberdrola 
Finanzas would be obliged to provide Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor in relation to the payments made 
under the Deed of Guarantee) with a declaration (the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement), which 
should include the following information: 
(i) 
description of the Notes  
(ii) 
date of payment of the interest income derived from such Notes;  
(iii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iv) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be provided to Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) on the business day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this requirement is 
complied with, Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor) will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding 
tax) all interest under the Notes to all Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Paying Agent designated by Iberdrola Finanzas were to fail to provide the information 
detailed above, according to section 7 of Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and section 7 of Article 44 of 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) or the Paying Agent acting 
on its behalf would be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding 
tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the 
interest is payable, the Paying Agent designated by Iberdrola Finanzas were to submit such information, 
Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor) or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf would refund the total amount 
of taxes withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Iberdrola Finanzas has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were 
required by law, Iberdrola Finanzas, failing which the Guarantor, would pay such additional amounts as may 
be necessary such that a Noteholder would receive the same amount that he would have received in the absence 
of any such withholding or deduction, except as provided in “Terms and Conditions of Notes. 8. Taxation”. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, Iberdrola Finanzas

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
would inform the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as Iberdrola Finanzas 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) may be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments under 
the Notes if the Noteholders were not to comply with such information procedures. 
The Guarantor is subject to the same reporting requirements in relation to listed Notes issued by Iberdrola 
Finanzas. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero Coupon 
Notes 
In accordance with Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations established in Section 
44 (see “—Disclosure of Information in Connection with Interest Payments” above) will have to be complied 
with upon the redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
If the Spanish tax authorities considered that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero 
Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such 
Notes, adopt the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such 
information obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (EU FTT) 
The European Commission published in February 2013 a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (excluding Estonia, the participating Member States). Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It has been 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an FTT by the so-called 
enhanced cooperation process.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1 per cent. tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for 
derivatives that would be subject to a minimum 0.01 per cent. tax rate. 
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over €1 billion. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and 
the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and participating Members 
States may withdraw.  
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
The Spanish Financial Transactions Tax 
The Law 5/2020, dated 15 October 2020, on the Tax on Financial Transactions (the FTT Law) has 
implemented the tax in Spain (the Spanish FTT). According to the FTT Law, the Spanish FTT is aligned with 
the French and Italian financial transactions taxes. Specifically, the Spanish FTT is levied at a rate of 0.2 per 
cent. on certain acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies whose market capitalisation exceeds 
€1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved in the transaction. The Spanish 
FTT does not apply in relation to an issue of Notes under the Programme.  However, the FTT Law could be 
modified and therefore there can be no assurance that the Spanish FTT would not apply to an issue of Notes 
in the future. Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
Spanish FTT.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus of the Issuer. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may 
be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange nor listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
nor any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The update of the Programme and the Issue of the Notes was authorised by a resolution of the board 
of managing directors of Iberdrola Finanzas on 16 May 2023. The giving of the guarantee in respect 
of the Notes was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor passed on 9 May 
2023 and by a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor passed on 18 June 2021. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving 
of the guarantee relating to them. 
3. 
Each permanent Bearer Note and definitive Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, 
Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
4. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group. 
5. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Iberdrola 
Finanzas nor, since 31 December 2022, has there been any significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of Iberdrola Finanzas.  
6. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor 
or the Group nor, since 31 March 2023, has there been any significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Guarantor or the Group. 
7. 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. 
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
9. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
10. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (with 
English translations, where appropriate) will be available on the website of the Issuer and Guarantor 
https://www.iberdrola.com/shareholders-investors/investors/fixed-income/programmes:  
(a) 
the Deed of Guarantee (Senior Notes) and the Deed of Guarantee (Subordinated Notes); 
(b) 
the Estatutos of Iberdrola Finanzas and the Guarantor (with English translations, in each case); 
(c) 
the Documents Incorporated by Reference;  
(d) 
this Base Prospectus;  
(e) 
the Agency Agreement;  
(f) 
Iberdrola Framework for Green Financing;  
(g) 
Second-party opinion on the Sustainability of Iberdrola’s Framework for Green Financing; 
and 
(h) 
any future prospectus supplements, further prospectuses, information memoranda and Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which were 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each 
document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
website (www.luxse.com). 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (with 
English translations, where appropriate) will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday 
(public holidays excepted), at the office of the registered offices of the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar and each of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Certificates in respect of Registered Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the 
Talons); and 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant. 
11. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. has audited the Spanish language consolidated annual accounts as at and for 
each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 of the Guarantor prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by European Union (IFRS-EU), issuing audit 
reports without modifications. 
12. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. has audited the Spanish language annual accounts as at and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 of Iberdrola Finanzas prepared in accordance with the 
Spanish General Chart of Accounts, issuing audit reports without modification. 
13. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. (independent auditors) located at Paseo de la Castellana 259C, 28046 Madrid, 
Spain, is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España and is registered in the 
Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). KPMG

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Auditores, S.L. was appointed as the independent auditor of the Guarantor and Iberdrola Finanzas for 
2017, pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor held on 31 March 2017 
and the sole shareholder’s meeting of Iberdrola Finanzas held on 3 July 2017.  
14. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or 
indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliate operate, and for which such Dealers have 
received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and 
indemnification.  Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of an Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They 
have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive 
allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading 
of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
In addition, potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent (if any) and 
Noteholders (including when a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that 
may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their 
redemption. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
16. 
The Issuer has appointed BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch to act as Listing Agent. BNP 
PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to 
other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and 
responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
Plaza Euskadi 5 
48009 Bilbao 
Spain 
Plaza Euskadi 5 
48009 Bilbao 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Edificio la Magdalena Planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt Am Main 
Germany 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 – 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
AGENTS 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to English and Spanish 
law 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish 
law 
 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de Sociedad 
Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
c/ Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain  
AUDITORS 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain