--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
11/68309712_31 
1 
 
 
 
IBERDROLA FINANZAS, S.A.U. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
Euro 30,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by 
IBERDROLA, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this Base Prospectus, Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (Iberdrola Finanzas or the 
Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The payment of all amounts due in respect of 
the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Iberdrola, S.A. (Iberdrola or the Guarantor, and together with the Issuer, the Obligors). The aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed will not at any time exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under Luxembourg and EU law pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus nor 
as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes issued under the Programme. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. By 
approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Act).  
 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II). The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom (UK) must be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK Prospectus Regulation) from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending 
to make an offer of Notes in the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 
85 of the FSMA in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish such a prospectus for any offer of Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable 
in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each issue of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer (such other or further stock exchanges or markets to include, if so 
agreed, the AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija (AIAF)).  
 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes). Bearer Notes may be issued in new global note (NGN) form and Registered Notes may be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) to allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of more than one year will initially be represented by a 
temporary Global Note and each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one year or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Note which, in 
each case, will (i) if the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below); or (ii) if the Global Notes 
are not intended to be issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs), be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common 
Depositary (as defined below) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Interests in temporary Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, for definitive Bearer Notes after the date falling 40 days after 
the issue date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership or for definitive Registered Notes at any time after the issue date. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
interests in permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes or definitive Registered Notes. Registered Notes will be represented by registered 
certificates (each a Certificate), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Holder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series and may be represented by registered 
global certificates (each a Global Certificate). Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global Certificate is 
not to be held under the NSS, in the name of nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common nominee for both or (ii) if the Global Certificate is to be 
held under the NSS, in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper and the relevant Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, a common depositary 
or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be. 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus of the Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to 
the Issuer the Guarantor and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date (i.e., until 25 June 2022) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor’s), Baa1 by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s), 
and A- by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s, 
Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by Fitch. Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the CRA Regulation) and is included on the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Each of Moody's 
and Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the UK 
CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited respectively in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation and 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, 
its credit rating may not necessarily be the same as the credit rating applicable to the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation.

--- Page 2 ---
11/68309712_31 
2 
 
 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes). 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers 
 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Barclays  
 BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
CaixaBank 
Citigroup  
 Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs  
HSBC  
ING 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo. 
J.P. Morgan  
Mizuho Securities  
Morgan Stanley  
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
Santander  
UniCredit  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
11/68309712_31 
3 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and 
belief of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This 
Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
References herein to Conditions are to the “Terms and Conditions of Notes”. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer, the registered 
office of the Guarantor and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealers 
or the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and include Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by

--- Page 4 ---
11/68309712_31 
4 
 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it:  
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes). The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement, as defined under 
“Subscription and Sale”. Any such increase to the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may require the production of a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “Euro”, 
“euro” or “€” are to the single currency which was introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended 
(the Treaty), to “U.S. Dollars” or “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, to 
“pounds sterling”, “GBP” or “£” are to the lawful currency of the UK and to “Japanese yen”, “yen” or “¥” are 
to the lawful currency of Japan.

--- Page 5 ---
11/68309712_31 
5 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a URL) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. Other than in relation to documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the contents of any 
such website or URL is for information purposes only and does not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the 
information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or

--- Page 6 ---
11/68309712_31 
6 
 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may (if applicable) include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA (the Bank of England), SOFR (the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York), €STR (the European Central Bank) and LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration Limited) do not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the BMR), while the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Market Institute) appears on 
such register. As far as each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is aware, (i) the administrators of SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR do not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR; and (ii) the provisions 
of Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the administrator of LIBOR is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA)  
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes shall be “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
11/68309712_31 
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  ........................................................................................... 
8 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................... 
14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 
33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................. 
38 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................ 
86 
DESCRIPTION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
OR WHILE IN THE NAME OF A NOMINEE FOR A CLEARING SYSTEM ............................. 
87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE ......................................................................................... 
93 
DESCRIPTION OF IBERDROLA FINANZAS, S.A.U................................................................... 
97 
DESCRIPTION OF IBERDROLA, S.A. .......................................................................................... 
99 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................... 
112 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................... 
117 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................... 
134 
GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................ 
142

--- Page 8 ---
11/68309712_31 
8 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein, in which event, in the case of listed 
Notes only and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation. Words and 
expressions defined in the “Form of Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (the Issuer) 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
5493004PZNZWWBOUV388 
Guarantor: 
Iberdrola, S.A. (the Guarantor) 
Guarantor’s LEI: 
5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme). 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, 
S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets N.V. and 
UniCredit Bank AG. The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are 
to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons which 
are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Size:  
Up to Euro 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have the option, subject to the fulfilment of 
certain conditions, to increase the size of the Programme. 
Currencies:  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Australian dollars, Canadian 
dollars, Danish krone, Hong Kong dollars, New Zealand dollars, pounds

--- Page 9 ---
11/68309712_31 
9 
 
sterling, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs or Japanese yen or in other currencies 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers so agree. 
Maturities:  
Any maturity subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives. Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute 
a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuer. 
Specified Denomination:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the specified 
currency and save that (a) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency); and (b) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations Notes which have 
a maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in one or more Series (which may be issued on the same date 
or which may be issued in more than one Tranche on different dates). The 
Notes may be issued in Tranches on a continuous basis with no minimum 
issue size, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives. Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (Bearer Notes), in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer Notes) or in 
registered form only (Registered Notes). Bearer Notes may be issued in 
new global note (NGN) form. Unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an initial maturity of more than 
one year will initially be represented by a temporary Global Note and each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one year or less will 
initially be represented by a permanent Global Note which (a) in each case, 
will (i) if the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be 
issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and (ii) if the Global Notes are not intended 
to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (b) in the case of a Tranche

--- Page 10 ---
11/68309712_31 
10 
 
intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing 
system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
No interest will be payable in respect of a temporary Global Note except as 
described under “Description of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form or while Registered in the Name of a Nominee for a Clearing 
System”. Interests in temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
interests in permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, for definitive Bearer Notes after the date falling 40 days after the 
issue date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership or (in the 
case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) definitive Registered Notes at any time 
after the issue date. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, interests in 
permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes 
or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) definitive Registered Notes 
as described under “Description of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form or while Registered in the Name of a Nominee for a Clearing 
System”. Registered Notes will be represented by certificates (each a 
Certificate), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series and may be represented by 
a Global Certificate. Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global Certificate is 
not to be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS), in the name of 
nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common 
nominee or (ii) if the Global Certificate is to be held under the NSS, in the 
name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, and the relevant 
Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, common 
depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series by 
reference to EURIBOR, LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR and €STR as adjusted for 
any applicable margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates:  
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
When there is a Benchmark Event, which includes (amongst other events) 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, who shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate, as well as an Adjustment Spread 
which will be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. In

--- Page 11 ---
11/68309712_31 
11 
 
addition, the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
Where the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event, which includes (amongst other events) 
permanent discontinuation of a SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement, and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. In addition, the Issuer may vary the Conditions as necessary to 
implement any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes necessary to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Status of the Notes and the 
Deed of Guarantee:  
The Notes and the guarantee in respect of them will constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
respectively, all as described in Condition 3 (Status and Guarantee). 
Negative Pledge:  
The Notes will contain a negative pledge as more fully set out in Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge). The negative pledge applies to Relevant Indebtedness 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor and each Relevant Subsidiary (each as defined 
in the Conditions). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will contain a cross default as more fully set out in Condition 10 
(Events of Default). The cross default applies to any Relevant Indebtedness 
incurred by the Issuer or the Guarantor which becomes due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or which is not paid when due or within any applicable grace 
period provided that the aggregate amount of Relevant Indebtedness is equal 
to or exceeds €125,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (Standard & Poor’s), Baa1 by Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited (Moody’s), and A- by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch).  
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and is included on the list of credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
Each of Moody's and Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's 
and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited respectively in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation 
and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website.  
As defined by Standard & Poor's, a BBB rating means that the obligations 
of the Obligors are 'investment grade'. There is adequate capacity to meet

--- Page 12 ---
11/68309712_31 
12 
 
financial commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions. 
The addition of the plus (+) sign indicates a ranking in the higher end of the 
‘BBB’ rating category. 
As defined by Moody's, a Baa rating means that the obligations of the 
Obligors are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-
grade and as such may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier 1 
indicates a ranking in the higher end of the ‘Baa’ generic rating category. 
As defined by Fitch, an A rating means that the obligations of the Obligors 
are expected to have low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be 
more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case 
for higher ratings. The addition of the minus (-) sign indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of the ‘A' rating category. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an Issue 
of Notes is rated, its credit rating may not necessarily be the same as the 
credit rating applicable to the Programme. The rating of certain Series of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit ratings agency established 
in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation.  
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. 
Redemption at maturity will occur at par. 
Taxation on Notes: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for, or 
on account of, withholding taxes imposed by Spain unless such taxes are 
required by law to be withheld. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, will, save in certain 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover any amounts so deducted. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain in relation to 
interest paid on the Notes to any investor (whether tax resident in Spain or 
not) provided that the information procedures described in section 
“Taxation”, which do not require identification of the Noteholders, are 
fulfilled.   
In the event that the current applicable procedures were modified, amended 
or supplemented by, amongst others, a Spanish law, regulation, 
interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer will inform 
the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, 
as the Issuer may be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments 
under the Notes if the Noteholders would not comply with such information 
procedures.

--- Page 13 ---
11/68309712_31 
13 
 
For further information regarding the interpretation of Foral Decree 
205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, please refer to “Risk Factors—Risks 
in Relation to Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Governing Law: 
English law, save for Condition 3(a) (Status of Notes) and the status of the 
Guarantee, as described in Condition 3(b)(ii) (Guarantee), which will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading:  
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus of the Issuer. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes 
may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer (such other or further stock exchanges or markets, 
to include, if so agreed, the AIAF). The applicable Final Terms will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Rule 144A:  
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act will 
be permitted if specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all relevant legal and regulatory requirements of the United States of 
America. 
Selling Restrictions:  
United States, EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Spain, Belgium, Singapore, 
Japan and Italy. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Substitution:  
The Issuer and the Guarantor may, subject to the fulfilment of certain 
conditions, substitute the Issuer. See Condition 15 (Substitution of the 
Issuer).

--- Page 14 ---
11/68309712_31 
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the 
inability of either the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
 
(I) 
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTOR’S 
ABILITY TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
1.1 Risks relating to the Group’s business activities, industries and operations 
1.1.1 Country risk  
The activities of the different businesses that the Group develops are subject, to a greater or lesser extent and 
depending on their characteristics, to various risks inherent to the country where they operate. These risks 
include the following: 
• 
Imposition of monetary limitations and other restrictions on the movement of capital. 
• 
Changes in the trade environment and administrative policies. 
• 
Economic crisis, political instability and social riots affecting operations. 
• 
Nationalisation or expropriation of assets. 
• 
Exchange rate fluctuations. 
• 
Cancellation of operating licenses. 
• 
Anticipated termination of Government contracts. 
• 
Changes in tax rates in fees and taxes and/or new taxes. 
• 
Changes in the economic terms governing the hand-back of concessions. 
• 
Worsening of sovereign ratings, generating an increase in country risk premiums.

--- Page 15 ---
11/68309712_31 
15 
 
• 
Other regulatory changes. 
The results of the Group’s subsidiaries, their market value and their contribution to the Group may be affected 
by such risks.  
In particular, in March 2021 the UK Government presented a new tax package. Among others, it included an 
increase of the corporate tax rate from 19% to 25%, starting 1 April 2023. Iberdrola expects approximately 
€450 million of deferred tax impact in 2021 (non cash item), impact to be accounted when finally enacted, 
after third reading in the UK Parliament (second/third quarter 2021), and expected to be compensated during 
the year by other positive tax effects within Iberdrola. 
1.1.2 Business risks 
The Group has presence in the regulated businesses of electricity transmission and distribution in Spain, the 
UK, the United States (through Avangrid) and Brazil (through Neoenergia). In the United States, the Group 
also has presence in the natural gas distribution sector. 
The Group operates in the renewables industry in Spain, the United States (through Avangrid), the UK, 
Mexico, Brazil (through Neoenergia) and other countries. 
Finally, the Generation and Supply business of the Group operates in the thermal generation sector in Spain, 
Mexico and Brazil (through Neoenergia) and the electricity and gas retail segment in Spain and the UK and, 
to a lesser degree, in Brazil (through Neoenergia), Italy, France, Germany and Ireland.  
The main operations of the Iberdrola Group are concentrated in Spain, the UK, the United States, Brazil and 
Mexico, while increasing presence in other countries such as France, Germany, Portugal and Australia. The 
presence in countries other than those mentioned herein is not significant at a Group level from an economic 
point of view. 
In relation to the Group’s Network business, the regulations of each country in which it operates establish 
regularly revised frameworks, guaranteeing that these businesses will receive reasonable and predictable 
returns. These frameworks include incentives and penalties for efficiency, service quality and, where 
applicable, for credit cost, which have a minor, immaterial impact overall. Any structural and significant 
changes to the aforementioned regulation may represent a risk for the Network businesses. 
In general, the profitability of the Iberdrola Group’s Network businesses is not exposed to demand risk, except 
for the Brazilian subsidiaries. The Iberdrola Group’s Network businesses in Spain and in the UK are not 
exposed to any market risk associated with energy prices, since they do not sell energy. 
The Network businesses in Brazil and some of the businesses in the US sell energy to regulated customers at 
a price determined by certain previously approved tariffs. The regulatory frameworks in both countries 
guarantee, in the ordinarily course of events, that sums will be collected in subsequent tariff readjustment 
reviews for possible purchase price deviations of energy from those previously recognised in the tariff.  
Given the above, in the case of extraordinary events (extreme drought in Brazil, catastrophic storms in the US, 
etc.), occasional temporary imbalances between payments and collections may arise with an impact on the 
cash flows of some of these businesses and potentially on profits recognised under International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS-EU). 
As for the Group’s Renewable business, which includes hydroelectric, wind (onshore and offshore) and 
photovoltaic generation, as well as storage (pumping and batteries) technologies, the regulations of each 
country in which the Group operates establish regulatory frameworks aimed at promoting the development of 
renewable energies based on regulated tariffs and on formulas which may include premiums, green certificates 
and tax deductions, which allow investors to obtain a sufficient and reasonable return. Any structural and 
significant changes to the aforementioned regulation may represent a risk for such businesses.

--- Page 16 ---
11/68309712_31 
16 
 
In addition to the aforementioned regulatory risk, the Group’s Renewable Energy businesses may be exposed 
to a greater or lesser extent, among others, to resource risk (hydraulic, wind and solar), market risk and 
construction risk:  
• 
In the medium to long term, years with lower than average water and/or wind resources are offset by 
years with above-average overall resources  
• 
Water resource risk basically affects the Renewables business in Spain, and to a lesser extent Brazil.  
• 
Despite having a large water storage capacity in Spain, Iberdrola Group’s annual results depend 
significantly on the rainfall contributions. In Spain the changes in output from a dry year to a rainy 
year with respect to the average value can be up to -4,000 GWh and +5,000 GWh respectively, and 
the variability would be between an estimated €-125 million and €+155 million. 
• 
The risk of wind resources in any given year affects the Renewable Energy Businesses of all countries 
in which the Group operates. At a global level, the Group considers that the wind resource risk is 
mitigated by the large number of wind farms available and their geographical diversification. 
• 
For those installations without regulated tariffs, or fixed price power purchase agreements (PPAs), 
market risk arises. Management of market risk of the Renewables Businesses in Spain, the UK, Brazil 
and Mexico is transferred to the Generation and Retail Businesses of those countries so that it can be 
integrated into a single risk position. Management of market risk of the Renewables Business in the 
US and Australia is integrated within the businesses themselves. 
• 
Construction risk arises from the Group’s renewable projects under construction and development in 
the different countries where it operates. Specifically, offshore wind projects require significant 
investments (even before the final investment decision) subject to complex proceedings, long 
construction deadlines, operating difficulties and technology risks. 
In relation to its Generation and Retail businesses, the Group has a wide array of thermal generation plants in 
Spain and Mexico, a single thermal plant in Brazil and another one in the US. The integration of risk positions 
between the Generation business (thermal and renewable) and the Retail business largely reduces the Group’s 
market risk, in particular in Spain and Mexico. A significant number of the plants in Mexico and the Brazilian 
plant have long-term PPAs with the CFE (Mexican state electricity company) and Brazilian electricity 
distribution companies Coelba and Celpe respectively.  
The various Energy Management units supply electricity and gas to the Retail business at wholesale market 
prices (hourly or forward) in accordance with the usual practices of each of the countries in which the Group 
operates, and manage the sale and purchase of surpluses and shortfalls. The Retail businesses sell energy to 
end customers at fixed or indexed prices, together with other services, at such terms as may be customary in 
the retail markets of the countries in which they operate (Spain, the UK, Mexico, Brazil, Italy, France, 
Germany and Ireland). 
Main risks in the Generation and Retail business notwithstanding the explanation above are the following: 
• 
Market prices for electricity, both wholesale and retail, are closely correlated with prices of fuel (oil 
and gas) and, if applicable, of emission rights or similar formulas. 
• 
Spot prices in the wholesale electricity market exhibit marked volatility as a result of: 1) the volatility 
of spot prices of fuels and emission allowances, 2) fluctuating demand, 3) availability of wind or water 
and 4) possible operational problems in networks or power plants.  
• 
Forward electricity prices are further influenced by projections of new generation plants coming on 
stream and of increases or decreases in future reserve capacity.

--- Page 17 ---
11/68309712_31 
17 
 
• 
In general terms: 1) margins of the Generation business (thermal and renewable sold to market) are 
subject to the risk of the differential between the wholesale spot price and the cost of production, and 
2) margins of the Retail business are subject to i) the risk of the price differential between the wholesale 
spot market and forward retail prices, ii) the degree of competition among retailers and iii) the risk of 
possible regulatory intervention in the form of regulated tariffs, taxes or other obligations (i.e. Energy 
anti-poverty measures, maximum prices regulated in the UK, etc.).  
• 
Risk of growth of the demand linked to the economic growth and demand variation as a result of 
changes in temperatures (in the long term warm years tend to compensate cold years). 
From the perspective of its impact on business results, the main risk in respect of the Group’s nuclear plant in 
Spain arises from unscheduled outages (partially covered by a loss of profits insurance policy over and above 
an excess). The Group’s nuclear power plants are also exposed to risks relating to their operations and risks 
arising from the storage and handling of radioactive materials.  
In relation to the Group’s Gas supply operations, in 2020 the Group supplied gas in Spain at indexed prices to 
European markets.  
Our electricity generation in Mexico is gas-intensive, and gas prices are therefore an essential component of 
this risk. In 2020, approximately 69% of the electricity generated in Mexico was sold under long-term sales 
agreements (to the CFE and, to a lesser extent, to other major industrial customers), whereby the risk associated 
with the purchase price of gas used in generating this electricity is passed on. 
1.1.3 Operational risks  
Direct or indirect losses may arise as a result of inadequate internal procedures, technical failures, human error 
or external factors in the Group’s activities. 
Key operational risks include the following: 
• 
Malfunctions, explosions, fire, toxic spillages or polluted emissions in gas and electricity distribution 
networks and in both traditional and renewable generating plants. 
• 
Force majeure cases. 
• 
Sabotage and/or terrorism. 
• 
Physical security. 
• 
Operations in treasury and energy markets. 
• 
System failures. 
• 
Hazards at work and third-party accidents in own facilities. 
Any of these risks could cause damage or destruction to the Group’s facilities and financial losses, as well as 
injuries to third parties or damage to the environment, along with the ensuing lawsuits, especially in the event 
of power outages caused by accidents at our distribution networks and possible penalties imposed by the 
authorities. 
Although many of these risks are unpredictable, the Group seeks to mitigate them by carrying out the necessary 
investments, implementing operation and maintenance procedures and programmes (supported by quality 
control systems), planning appropriate employee training, and taking out the required insurance covering both 
material damages and civil liability.

--- Page 18 ---
11/68309712_31 
18 
 
Climate change (which possible outcomes include less stable or predictable weather patterns) comprises 
several long-term risks which, to a greater or lesser extent, are not, however, new to the sector. Risks may be 
grouped in the following categories: 
• 
Physical risks due to potential material impacts on facilities and the Group´s operating costs and 
business operations. These risks could be split into acute risks (increase severity of extreme weather 
events) and chronic risk (changes in precipitation patterns and other natural resources). In this regard, 
the Group is dependent upon hydrological, solar and wind conditions prevailing from time to time in 
the geographic regions in which its facilities are located. 
• 
Transition risks, linked to risks arising from global decarbonisation, such as regulatory, market price, 
technological, reputational and demand changes. 
• 
Other risks, i.e., credit impairment of counterparties (suppliers, banks, etc.), social phenomena 
(humanitarian crises, impact on crops and fishing, refugee crises, epidemics, etc.) and larger 
competition for financial resources. 
The impact of climate change, despite being perceivable already in the short-term (in the form of higher 
intensity and frequency of climate events in certain geographical areas), is progressive and acts over relatively 
long periods of time. This risk could be considered a systemic global risk.  
Whilst the Group has implemented risk management tools in respect of climate change and has proven 
experience in the management of weather events and is focusing on growing in low emissions activities (such 
as renewable energies, integrating smart grids, electrification of transport and flexible smart networks), there 
can be no assurance that the Group will not be impacted by climate change risks. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
With regards to cybersecurity risks, the Group companies may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in 
connection with information, control systems or information and communications systems used by the Group, 
or by any consequences of unauthorised access to or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification 
or destruction of information or information systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism in respect 
of these. 
Any of the below threats and vulnerabilities may impact on the Group’s: 
• 
Operations Technology (OT), such as IT and communications systems used to manage industrial 
operations (production, management and distribution of energy) or physical safety systems (fire 
protection, CCTV, alarm reception centres). 
• 
Administration or customer interfaces (TI), in particular violation of their personal information, under 
the umbrella of General Data Protection Rules (GDPR) in Europe and other countries. 
• 
Reputation. 
These risks are managed in accordance with the basic principles defined in internal rules promoting the safe 
use of IT and communications systems and other cyber assets, reinforcing detection, prevention, defence and 
response abilities before possible attacks. 
1.1.4 Other risks  
The risk control and management system of the Group observes the continuous follow-up and detection of 
emerging risks and risks of not a strict financial nature which the investors’ community has been monitoring 
in the last years, such as the non-compliance with regulations and expectations of stakeholders in respect of 
environmental aspects, the impact on society and the Group’s corporate governance (ESG). The impact said

--- Page 19 ---
11/68309712_31 
19 
 
risks may have, which are reported both internally and externally, are of a varied nature and may be both 
economic and reputational. 
In terms of fraud and corruption risks, Iberdrola Group has a Compliance system consisting of a set of 
substantive rules, formal procedures and material actions aimed at guaranteeing compliance with ethical 
principles and applicable legal provisions and preventing, avoiding and mitigating risks resulting from 
irregular, unethical or illegal behaviours from Iberdrola Group’s professionals within the organisation. 
Departments and divisions which have been directly assigned with the execution and development of this set 
of rules, formal procedures and material actions are also part of the Compliance system. As part of the 
Compliance System, the Code of Ethics and the Compliance Unit must be highlighted. The system has been 
developed following the top domestic and international practices in terms of compliance, fraud prevention and 
fight against corruption.  
For further information about all the risks reflected in this section, please refer to pages 90 to 92 of the 
Integrated Report 2021, pages 72 to 74 of the Sustainability Report 2020, pages 70 to 96 of the Annual 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 and the section 4 of the consolidated directors’ report of the audited 
consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Specifically, 
with regards to climate change risk, the mitigation factors and the TCFD reporting, please refer to the 
Sustainability Report 2020 (section “Iberdrola and the TCFD”) and Note 6 and the section 4.5.5 of the 
consolidated directors’ report of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
1.2 Financial risks 
The Group is structurally subject to financial risks over which it keeps a permanent control, monitoring the 
performance of the different financial markets where it operates and complying with the risk limits set by their 
Risks Policies.  
1.2.1 Liquidity risk 
The exposure to adverse situations in the debt or capital markets or to events resulting from the Group’s 
economic and financial situation might hinder or prevent the Group from obtaining the financing required to 
properly carry on its business activities. 
The Group’s liquidity policy is designed to ensure that it can meet its payment obligations without having to 
obtain financing under unfavourable terms. For this purpose, various management measures are used, such as 
maintaining committed credit facilities that are adequate in terms of amount, term and flexibility, 
diversification in the satisfaction of financing needs through access to different markets and geographical 
areas, and diversification of the maturities of the debt issued. 
During 2020, with financial markets impacted by COVID-19, Iberdrola was able to keep solid liquidity lines 
available. At 31 March 2021 the Group had a solid liquidity position in cash and enough available credit lines 
to comfortably comply with liquidity requirements even in the case of a greater contraction of markets. 
1.2.2 Interest rate risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in market interest rates affecting cash flows and the market 
value of debt in respect of items in the balance sheet (debt and derivatives). In order to adequately manage and 
limit this risk, Iberdrola defines annually the optimal proportion of fixed and floating debt. Once the objective 
structure has been defined, dynamic management is carried out throughout the year assuring compliance with 
objective structure and risk limits: new financing at a fixed or floating rate and / or close interest rate 
derivatives, either to fix the interest rate (or limit its variability) of floating rate debt or to swap debt from fixed 
to floating rate. Derivatives may also be used to set the cost of future debt issues, provided they are highly 
probable.

--- Page 20 ---
11/68309712_31 
20 
 
Floating rate borrowings and cash placements are typically pegged to market rates (mainly Euribor, Libor-
pound sterling, Libor-dollar and the IPCA or CDI for the debt of Brazilian subsidiaries).  
Despite central banks are still maintaining a low interest rates environment, and this is expected to continue, 
general expectations on economy growth have improved since last year mainly due to better than expected 
evolution of the pandemic situation based on good performance of vaccination process in most of the countries 
where the Company has its operations. As a consequence of this, there is a risk central banks in these countries 
could accelerate the speed on interest rates rises as a tool to manage inflation rates.  
In order to mitigate this risk, as part of the interest rate financing strategy, the Group uses interest rate 
derivatives to hedge the cost of the future financings considered as highly probable according to the budget or 
strategic Plan. The Group maintains a portfolio of outstanding derivatives that protect the company in case of 
future interest rate hikes. 
1.2.3 Exchange rate risk 
Currency risk resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency rates compared to the functional currency can 
occur in the following scenarios: 
• 
Collections and payments for supplies, services or equipment acquisition in currencies other than the 
operating currency. 
• 
Income and expenses incurred by certain foreign subsidiaries indexed to currencies other than the 
operating currency. 
• 
Debt and financial expense denominated in currencies other than the operating currency. 
• 
Consolidated profit or loss of the foreign subsidiaries (mainly US dollar, pounds sterling and Brazilian 
reais), since Iberdrola Group’s reporting currency is the euro. 
• 
Consolidated net equity value of investments in foreign subsidiaries. 
• 
Expense for taxes in Mexico because the operating currency (US dollar) differs from the currency for 
purposes of calculation of corporate tax (Mexican peso).  
The Group reduces this risk by: 
• 
Carrying out all its economic flows in the operating currency of each Group company, provided that 
this is possible and economically viable and efficient, or otherwise through the use of financial 
derivatives. 
• 
Financially hedging, as far as possible, the risk of transfer of earnings expected for the current year, 
thereby limiting the ultimate impact on Group earnings. 
• 
Financially hedging, as far as possible, the exchange rate risk in the Mexican corporate tax, thereby 
limiting the ultimate impact on the earnings of Mexico and of the Group. 
• 
Mitigating the impact on the consolidated net equity value of a hypothetical depreciation of currencies 
due to the Group’s investments in foreign subsidiaries by maintaining an adequate percentage of 
foreign currency debt, as well as through financial derivatives. 
Furthermore, the Group’s diversification in the different geographies and the strength of the business 
currencies such as the Euro, the US dollar and the pounds sterling act as an important mitigating factor for the 
stability of the Group’s results.

--- Page 21 ---
11/68309712_31 
21 
 
1.2.4 Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk arising from the possibility that counterparties (customers, suppliers, 
financial institutions, partners, insurers, etc.) fail to comply with contractual obligations.  
This risk is properly managed and limited, depending on the type of transaction and the creditworthiness of 
counterparties. In particular, there is a Corporate Credit Risk Policy setting the framework and action principles 
for proper risk management, which are further developed at business and country level (admission criteria, 
approval flows, authority levels, rating tools, exposure measurement methodologies, etc.) through procedures. 
With regard to credit risk on trade receivables from electricity and gas retail supply activity in the liberalised 
market, despite the extraordinary situation to have arisen from the COVID-19 pandemic, the historical cost of 
defaults has remained moderate at slightly above 1% of total turnover of this activity across all countries in 
which it is carried out. 
1.2.5 Solvency risk 
The Group faces the risk of its financial situation getting worse and leading to a downward revision of the 
credit rating assigned by rating agencies, which may make financing more expensive or unavailable. In order 
to mitigate this risk, the Group continuously monitors the solvency and equity ratios most commonly followed 
by rating agencies as well as the risks that may have an impact on those ratios in order to anticipate or undertake 
actions aimed at correcting possible instances of non-compliance. 
Moreover, communication is active with investors and rating agencies in order to explain the performance of 
financial indicators and their deviations, if any. 
For further information about financial risks please refer to note 4 and section 4 of the consolidated directors’ 
report of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020. 
1.3 Legal and regulatory risk  
1.3.1 The Group is subject to laws and regulations concerning its business which can be amended or 
supplemented from time to time 
The regulated and liberalised businesses of the Iberdrola Group are subject to laws and regulations concerning 
tariffs (especially the regulated business and the renewables business) and other aspects of their activities in 
each of the countries in which the Group operates. In addition, the Group is subject to laws and regulations 
concerning environmental requirements and other aspects of its activities (such as reporting, health and safety 
and corporate governance). Whilst a description of main regulatory developments in 2020 is contained in 
Appendix II of the 2020 audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor, prospective investors and their 
advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the Group and of the 
impact they may have on the Group for the purposes of evaluating any investment in the Notes. 
The tariffs (mainly applicable to the “Network” business) in the countries and regions where the Group 
operates are generally subject to periodic review by the regulatory authorities.  
On 10 March 2021, the Mexican government approved a review of the Electricity Industry Law. Among others, 
the proposed changes include modification to the order in which electricity is dispatched to the system and 
instructs the Energy Regulatory Commission (CRE) to review contracts under the self-supply regime and 
reverse them in case there has been any legal fraud and the Mexican administration to review the contracts 
signed between CFE and Independent Power Producers (IPP), to confirm profitability for the Federal 
Government. Definitive suspension with general effects of the new law has been granted following the demand 
of several affected parties, and even unconstitutional challenges have been submitted.

--- Page 22 ---
11/68309712_31 
22 
 
On 1 June 2021 the Spanish Council of Ministers approved a draft law, that will require parliamentary approval 
to enter into force, by virtue of which non CO2-emitting power stations who started operations previous to 
March 2005 (excluding renewable assets under the regulated regime, non-mainland installations, cogeneration 
and plants <10 MW) will have to return to the system 90% of the CO2 cost embedded in the electricity prices 
of thermal power plants setting the marginal prices in the Iberian pool. In the case of pumping hydro assets, 
the reduction of revenues will take into consideration the net production (after considering purchases). In the 
hours in which the marginal price has been set by a hydro plant or other non-emitting installation, it will be 
assumed that the offer has internalised the emission cost of the avoided thermal power plants (a combined 
cycle gas turbine (CCGT) normally). This will impact the profitability of nuclear, hydro and (a portion) of 
wind assets of the Group in Spain. 
The Group is unable to predict future changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to its businesses or 
to their interpretation. The introduction of any such changes or new regulatory requirements may adversely 
impact the remuneration received by the Group for its regulated activities, as well its operating, capital and 
raw material costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
For further details on the legislative and regulatory context in which the Iberdrola Group operates, see also the 
section entitled “Description of Iberdrola, S.A.—Regulation” herein. 
In addition, the Group is subject to extensive environmental protection laws and regulations that require the 
preparation of environmental impact studies, the maintenance of relevant authorisations, licences and permits 
and the fulfilment of certain other requirements.  
Any such environmental authorisations and licences may not be granted or may be revoked as a result of, 
among others, a breach of the conditions imposed by such authorisations or may be amended and any of this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
In respect to litigation and arbitration, the Group companies are party to certain in-court and out-of-court 
disputes within the ordinary course of their activities, the final result of which, in general, is uncertain. An 
adverse result could have a material adverse effect on the Iberdrola Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. However, the Group has provisioned for responsibilities arising from 
litigation in progress and from indemnity payments, obligations, collateral and other similar guarantees, and 
those aimed at covering environmental risks, according to its criteria and independent legal reports. See Note 
28 and Note 46 of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020. 
1.3.2 The Group may engage in acquisitions and investments and disposals from time to time 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of interests from time to time. There can be 
no assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to 
complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any 
acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of 
risks, including possible adverse effects on the Group’s operating income, risks associated with unanticipated 
events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been disclosed during due 
diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, technologies, systems, 
services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered by a change of control 
of an acquired company.   
Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In particular, on 21 October 2020, Avangrid, the US network subsidiary of Iberdrola, announced its merger 
with PNM Resources, Inc. (PNM), an owner of electrical power distribution concessions in the States of New

--- Page 23 ---
11/68309712_31 
23 
 
Mexico and Texas and other regulated electricity businesses. Avangrid will acquire PNM at a price of U.S.$ 
50.3 per share and total consideration of approximately U.S.$ 4.3 billion. The acquisition is subject to obtaining 
the necessary regulatory filings and approvals. Closing is expected by the second half of 2021. 
1.3.2 Risks arising under the Spanish insolvency law 
Under Law 22/2003 of 9 July, on Insolvency (the Spanish Insolvency Law), the claims of creditors are 
classified as either: credits against the estate (créditos contra la masa), privileged credits (créditos 
privilegiados), ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) or subordinated credits (créditos subordinados). On 
insolvency of an entity under the Spanish Insolvency Law, ordinary creditors rank ahead of subordinated 
creditors but behind privileged creditors and creditors with claims against the estate. It is intended that claims 
against the Guarantor under the Guarantee or the Issuer under the Notes respectively will be classified as 
ordinary credits. However, certain actions or circumstances which are beyond the control of the Guarantor or 
the Issuer may result in these claims being classified as subordinated credits. For example, under Article 92.5 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the claims of those persons especially related to the Guarantor or the Issuer 
(as the case may be) will be classified as subordinated creditors. Furthermore, under Spanish law, accrual of 
interest on the Notes shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer. 
Among others, the following persons may be considered especially related to the Guarantor or the Issuer: 
• 
shareholders who, when the right of claim arose, were direct or indirect holders of at least 5 per cent. 
of the share capital if the shares of the Guarantor or the Issuer are traded on an official secondary 
market (as it is currently the case), or 10 per cent. if they are not (in the future). If the shareholders are 
individual persons, it shall be understood that the persons specially related to these shareholders in 
accordance with the Spanish insolvency Law are also specially related to the Guarantor or the Issuer; 
• 
actual or shadow directors (including those who acted as such in the two years leading up to the 
declaration of insolvency); and 
• 
members of the same group of companies as the Guarantor or the Issuer and their common 
shareholders, if they comply with the requirements established in article 93.2.1 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law. 
Furthermore, any person who acquires credits which were held by one of the above persons is also presumed 
to be especially related if the acquisition takes place in the two years leading up to the declaration of 
insolvency. This presumption is rebuttable. 
The claims of Noteholders may, therefore, to the extent they are considered especially related to the Guarantor 
or the Issuer, be subordinated as a result of the application of the provisions of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Noteholders should be aware of this subordination risk and take those precautions they consider appropriate 
to ensure that their claims are not subordinated.  
The Spanish Insolvency Law has been amended and restated pursuant to Royal Decree Law 1/2020 of 5 May 
(the Restated Insolvency Law). Whilst the Restated Insolvency Law will not enter into force until 1 September 
2020 these changes shall not be relevant from a substantive point of view in respect of the content of this Base 
Prospectus. 
1.4 Risks relating to macro-economic conditions  
Economic growth and macroeconomic conditions (for example, consumer confidence, unemployment trends 
and financial markets) of the countries where the Group operates can affect our operations, and even as a result 
of deterioration of the economy of third countries, given the high level of interconnectivity in the world today. 
The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term or the coming 
years. Any further deterioration of the current economic situation in the markets in which the Group operates

--- Page 24 ---
11/68309712_31 
24 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
COVID-19 
Globally, worldwide or national health-related events, including the outbreak of contagious diseases, 
epidemics or pandemics, could significantly affect our operations. 
On 11 March 2020 the World Health Organisation qualified as a pandemic the breakout of the coronavirus 
COVID-19. In addition to the social impact that COVID-19 has had, this situation has resulted in a sharp 
contraction of GDP growth in 2020 in the countries where the Group is focused (followed hopefully by positive 
growth rates in 2021), a substantial increase in economic uncertainty and greater volatility in financial markets.  
Moreover, in order to mitigate the economic impact of these measures and facilitate a faster financial recovery, 
the different governments and central banks have passed or announced several aid plans for economic 
recovery, including liquidity plans, soft loans, relaxing tax payments, measures to support the most vulnerable 
groups and the most affected sectors, as well as several regulatory measures.  
It must be noted that the regulated networks business in the countries where the Group is present have 
regulatory frameworks that recognise ordinary rate adjustments due to involuntary deviations in income and 
expenses and foresee extraordinary adjustments due to deviations resulting from force majeure causes, such 
as those resulting from the COVID-19. Based on the specific characteristics of each regulatory framework and 
of the legislation applicable in each country all, whether total or partial, impacts arising from the COVID-19 
should be covered. 
Although it is not possible to know precisely the impact COVID-19 had in 2020, the Group estimates that it 
supposed lower Net Income of €238 million (€57 million in Q1-2021), impacting mainly through lower 
demand and prices by €218 million, recorded at EBITDA level (€65 million in Q1-2021) and higher bad debt 
provisions by €124 million, recorded at EBIT level (€19 million in Q1-2021). Amount of provisions are the 
ones additional to those considered normal before the pandemic. 
It must be noted that as a result of COVID-19 the Group companies have faced, and could continue to face in 
the upcoming months, an increase in their traditional credit, market, financial, operating and regulatory risks. 
The specific impact will depend on future events, highlighting among them the rates of vaccination. 
The Group continues to monitor the potential impact of COVID-19 on its operations, pension plans and credit 
condition of its counterparties. For further information about the COVID-19 in 2020 please refer to Note 7 and 
section 2 of the consolidated directors’ report of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
(II) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. 
2.1 Use of Proceeds Risks 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be on-lent by the Issuer to the Guarantor to be used by the 
Group for general corporate purposes. The Guarantor may also choose to apply the proceeds from the issue of 
any Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined

--- Page 25 ---
11/68309712_31 
25 
 
under “Use of Proceeds” below) in accordance with prescribed eligibility criteria (any such Notes, Green 
Bonds). See also the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” for further detail. 
Regardless of whether any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
In addition, although the Issuer or the Guarantor may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds to apply 
the proceeds of any Green Bonds so specified in, or substantially in accordance with, the eligibility criteria, it 
would not be an Event of Default under the Notes if the Issuer or the Guarantor were to fail to comply with 
such obligations for whatever reason. 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm may be requested to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) have been defined in accordance with the broad 
categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP) and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability project (any such second-party opinion, 
a Second-party Opinion). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant 
issue of Notes in the form of “Green Bonds”. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, although the 
Guarantor may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds (including 
in the case of certain divestments described under “Use of Proceeds”) it would not be an event of default under 
the Notes if the Guarantor were to fail to comply with such obligations. A withdrawal of the Second-party 
Opinion may affect the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green assets. Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment 
for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Projects, or 
any failure to meet, or continue to meet the eligibility criteria, or the withdrawal of any Second-Party Opinion 
or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended by either Issuer to finance Eligible Green Projects or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves whether the proposed Green Bonds meet their requisite investment 
criteria and conduct any other investigations they deem necessary to reach their own conclusions as to the 
merits of investing in any such Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing 
market consensus will not significantly change. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors in 
Green Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any 
or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or 
that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects.

--- Page 26 ---
11/68309712_31 
26 
 
2.2 Risks relating to payments 
2.2.1 Certain Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer or may be redeemed prior to maturity in the case of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at the 
Issuer’s option, for example pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 
6(f) (Residual Maturity Call Option), or Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event). 
In certain circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
2.2.2 Risks relating to withholding in respect of payments made by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of Foral Decree of the territory of Vizcaya 205/2008 and 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Notes to 
any Noteholder, irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain or not. The foregoing is 
subject to the fulfilment of certain information procedures described in “Taxation in Spain - Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes” below. 
In this regard, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, any interest paid by the Issuer 
under securities that (i) can be regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and (ii) are initially 
registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under 
those of another OECD member state, will be made free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the relevant 
paying agent fulfils the information procedures described in “Taxation in Spain - Disclosure of Information in 
Connection with the Notes” below. The Issuer considers that the Notes meet the requirements referred to in (i) 
and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to Noteholders should be paid free of 
Spanish withholding tax (subject to the fulfilment of the aforementioned information procedures). 
Notwithstanding the above, with regard to Noteholders subject to Spanish Corporate Income Tax whose Notes 
are deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, withholding could be made by 
such depositary or custodian if the Notes were considered as not compliant with the relevant exemption 
requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) on 
27 July 2004. According to said ruling, application of the withholding exemption requires that, in addition to 
the Notes being traded in an organised market of an OECD country, they are placed outside Spain in another 
OECD country. If it was determined that such withholding exemption does not apply on the basis that the 
Notes were placed, totally or partially, in Spain, said depositaries or custodians could eventually make such a 
withholding at the applicable rate, currently 19 per cent. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer will inform 
the Noteholders of the new information procedures and of their implications, as it might be required to apply 
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders do not comply with such new 
information procedures. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct 
tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, or the Paying Agent assume any 
responsibility thereof. 
2.3 Risks relating to interest 
2.3.1 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the

--- Page 27 ---
11/68309712_31 
27 
 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
2.3.2 Dealer as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
2.3.3 Risk relating to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
There are also risks that relate to any issue of Notes. The regulation, reform and discontinuation  of benchmarks 
may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such benchmarks.  
Benchmarks such as LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed to be "benchmarks" to which the interest on securities may be linked are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to 
existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA), which regulates the 
LIBOR, announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation 
of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future cessation or loss of 
representativeness of the LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE. Pursuant to the latest FCA 
announcement, publication of (i) all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-
month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling 
LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 
December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 
30 June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, 
US dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using 
its proposed powers to require ICE to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though 
publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at 
the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require ICE to continue publishing any 
of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative 
of the underlying market and the economic reality that such settings are intended to measure and 
representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the 
overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either 
cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The BMR and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmark Regulation) apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK respectively. These regulations could have a material

--- Page 28 ---
11/68309712_31 
28 
 
impact on any Notes  linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of any such regulation. In each 
case, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the €STR as the new risk-free 
rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the BMR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR, the UK Benchmark Regulation and any other regulations relating to benchmarks 
and/or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Notes referencing such benchmark. 
2.3.4 The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and euro bonds 
respectively and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to  measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the 
Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.  
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-
free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have 
been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market 
acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate 
of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued 
under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in future also issue notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR Compounded Index that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or the €STR Compounded Index referenced 
Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time.

--- Page 29 ---
11/68309712_31 
29 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives  markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell 
such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical perfom1ance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or €STR 
Compounded Index. 
2.3.5 Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and 
payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Event of Default) or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
2.3.6 If a Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be changed 
in ways that may be adverse to the holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained 
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes were 
to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See Condition 5(c) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be

--- Page 30 ---
11/68309712_31 
30 
 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference 
to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original 
Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be 
available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are not available (as 
may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference 
Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest 
that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(c) (Benchmark discontinuation)) occurs (which, among other 
events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially 
linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date has 
occurred (each as defined in Condition 5(d) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event)) has occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purpose relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time without any requirement 
for the consent of approval of Noteholders. 
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the Issuer 
in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in accordance 
with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, 
value of and market for such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of holders of such Notes be 
obtained. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar 
to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the 
Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Notes. 
2.4 Risks related to Notes generally 
2.4.1 A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes

--- Page 31 ---
11/68309712_31 
31 
 
Because Notes in global form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the global Instruments. While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes the Issuer and the Guarantor will discharge their 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Deed of Covenant.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which under the Conditions have a minimum denomination of euro 100,000 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (or, where the specified currency is not euro, its 
equivalent in the specified currency) (each, a Specified Denomination), it is possible that Notes may be traded 
in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified currency). In 
such a case, should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a holder who, as a result of trading, holds a 
principal amount of less than euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified currency) in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive all of his entitlement in the form of definitive 
Notes, and consequently may not be able to receive interest or principal in respect of all of his entitlement, 
unless and until such time as his holding becomes an integral multiple of a Specified Denomination. 
Furthermore, at any meeting of Noteholders while Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note, any 
vote cast shall only be valid if it is in respect of a minimum of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified 
currency). 
2.4.2 There may not be any active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there is currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche of Notes). If the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, 
that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
11/68309712_31 
32 
 
(III) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including exchange rate and exchange control 
risks and risks relating to credit ratings. 
3.1 Risks relating to exchange rates and exchange control 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3.2 Risks related to credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated institutions are restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.

--- Page 33 ---
11/68309712_31 
33 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out in the table below which is contained within the following documents, which have 
previously been published and which have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus (together, the Documents Incorporated by Reference): 
 
(a) 
an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual 
accounts of Iberdrola Finanzas for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (Iberdrola Finanzas, 
2020  Financials) available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/inversores/docs/Financial_Statements_Iberdrola_F
inanzas.pdf; 
(b) 
an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual 
accounts of Iberdrola Finanzas for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (Iberdrola Finanzas, 
2019 Financials) available for viewing on:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/es_ES/inversores/docs/Iberdrola_Finanzas_2019.pdf; 
(c) 
an English translation of the results presentation for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
(Iberdrola, 
S.A. 
Q1 
Results 
2021) 
available 
for 
viewing 
on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/conocenos/docs/2021_Results_Q1.pdf  
(d) 
an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (Iberdrola, S.A. 2020 Financials) 
available 
for 
viewing 
on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/corporativos/docs/gsm21_FinancialStatements_A
uditorsReport_Consolidated.pdf; 
  
(e) 
an English translation of the independent auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (Iberdrola, S.A. 2019 Financials) 
available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/corporativos/docs/gsm20_FinancialStatements_A
uditorsReport_Consolidated.pdf; 
 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 63 to 94 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 June 2016 prepared by the Issuer and Iberdrola International BV (Iberdrola 
International) in connection with the Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/es_ES/inversores/docs/Folleto_2016.pdf;  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 66 to 97 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 28 July 2017 prepared by the Issuer and Iberdrola International in connection with 
the Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/es_ES/inversores/docs/Folleto_2017.pdf; 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 70 to 101 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus 
dated 1 August 2018 prepared by the Issuer and Iberdrola International in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/es_ES/inversores/docs/Folleto_2018.pdf;  
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 41 to 75 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 June 2019 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/es_ES/inversores/docs/base_prospectus_19.pdf;

--- Page 34 ---
11/68309712_31 
34 
 
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Issuer set out on pages 34 to 67 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 June 2020 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/inversores/docs/base_prospectus_240620.pdf; 
(k) 
the Sustainability Report 2020 available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/corporativos/docs/gsm21_IA_SustainabilityReport
20.pdf;  
(l) 
the Integrated Report 2021 available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/corporativos/docs/gsm21_IA_IntegratedReport21.
pdf;   
(m) 
the Annual Corporate Governance Report 2020 available for viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/corporativos/docs/gsm21_AnnualCorporateGover
nance2020.pdf; and 
(n) 
Regulatory Announcement dated 24 June 2021 (the Regulatory Announcement) available for 
viewing on: 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/inversores/hr/240621_OIR_01_res/240621_OIR_
01.pdf  
The information set out in the table below, which is required by the Prospectus Regulation, is contained in the 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
 
Iberdrola Finanzas 2020 Financials 
 
Independent audit report 
PDF sheet 
number 1-6  
Balance sheet 
2 
Income statement 
3 
Statement of changes in equity 
4-5 
Statement of cash flows 
6 
Notes to the annual accounts 
7-32 
Directors’ report 
33-34 
Proposed distribution of profit 
35 
Iberdrola Finanzas 2019 Financials 
 
Independent audit report 
PDF sheet 
number 1-5 
Balance sheet 
2 
Income statement 
3 
Statement of changes in equity 
4-5 
Statement of cash flows  
6 
Notes to the annual accounts 
7-30 
Directors’ report 
31-32 
Proposed application of losses 
33 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
 
Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 Results 2021  
 
Core business figures 
4-11

--- Page 35 ---
11/68309712_31 
35 
 
Financial statement tables 
56-64 
Glossary of terms 
88-90 
Iberdrola, S.A. 2020 Financials  
 
Independent audit report 
PDF sheet 
number 3-13 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
5-6 
Consolidated income statements  
7 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
8 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity 
9-10 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
11 
Notes to audited consolidated annual accounts 
12-162 
Appendix II — Sector regulations: Most significant regulatory developments in the year 
181-203 
Consolidated management report  
204-281 
Iberdrola, S.A. 2019 Financials  
 
Independent audit report 
PDF sheet 
number 3-11 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
4-5 
Consolidated income statements  
6 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
7 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity 
8-9 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
10 
Notes to audited consolidated annual accounts 
11-161 
Appendix II — Industry regulation and functioning of the electricity and gas system 
178-217  
Consolidated directors’ report  
218-276  
Sustainability Report 2020 
 
Introduction  
5-6 
Letter from the Chairman & CEO 
7-11 
Corporate reputation: recognitions/awards, presence on indexes and external ratings 
12-14 
I. Iberdrola, the utility of the future  
15 
I.1 About Iberdrola  
16-37 
I.2. Iberdrola’s contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals 
38-56 
I.3. Business Model and Strategy 
57-98 
Long-term risks and opportunities. Comprehensive Risk System 
72-74 
I.4. Our ESG + F proposal: "Energy to thrive" 
99-102 
II. Environmental 
104 
II.1. Fight against climate change and protection of biodiversity 
105-170 
III. Social 
172 
III.1. Workplace safety and employee development 
173-223 
III.2. Innovation, digitisation and quality for our customers 
224-251 
III.3. Contribution to the well-being of our communities 
252-310 
IV. Governance 
312 
IV.1. Good governance, transparency and stakeholder engagement 
313-367 
IV.2. Promotion of socially responsible practices in the supply chain  
368-385 
V. Financial 
386 
V.1. Sustainable Economic Growth 
387-422 
VI. About this report 
423 
VI.1 Scope of information 
424-429 
VI.2  Defining report content. Materiality analysis 
430-434 
VI.3. Disclosures from the Statement of Non-Financial Information  
435-438 
VI.4. GRI content index  
439-451 
VI.5. SASB content index 
452-455

--- Page 36 ---
11/68309712_31 
36 
 
VI.6 Content index in relation to the principles of the Global Compact 
456-458 
VII. Annexes 
459 
VII.1. Annex 1: Information Supplementary to the Statement of Non-Financial 
Information - Sustainability Report 2020 
460-528 
VII.2. Annex 2: Iberdrola’s Contribution to the SDGs and targets of the 2030 Agenda 
529-543 
Integrated Report 2021 
 
Iberdrola today 
8-28 
Business model and strategy 
29-47 
Iberdrola’s primary businesses 
49-63 
Our assets 
65-79 
A framework of trust 
81-94 
Risks 
90-92 
About this report 
95-98 
Glossary of terms and abbreviations 
99 
Annual Corporate Governance Report 2020 
 
Ownership structure 
2-10 
General shareholders’ meeting 
11-13 
Structure of the company's administration 
14-63 
Related party and intragroup transactions 
64-69 
Risk management and control systems 
70-79 
Internal risk management and control systems related to the process of publishing 
financial information (ICFR)  
80-96 
Degree of compliance with corporate governance recommendations 
97-112 
Further information of interest 
113 
Annex  
114-115 
Actions of Iberdrola, S.A. and Iberdrola Renovables Energia, S.A.U. relating to the 
hiring of Club Exclusivo De Negocios y Transacciones, S.L. (CENYT) 
116-117 
Regulatory Announcement 
 
Announcement  
1-3 
The parts of these documents that are not listed in the cross reference list and therefore not incorporated by 
reference are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Copies of the Documents Incorporated by Reference are available, free of charge, from the registered office 
of the Issuer, the registered office of the Guarantor, from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the 
time being in London and Luxembourg and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information on any website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. To the extent that any document or information incorporated by reference to this 
Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information by reference, either expressly or impliedly, such 
information will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, except

--- Page 37 ---
11/68309712_31 
37 
 
where such information or documents are stated within this Base Prospectus as specifically being incorporated 
by reference or where this Base Prospectus is specifically defined as including such information. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation which, in respect of any subsequent 
issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a “Supplement to the Base Prospectus”, 
as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference in it), in addition to the financial 
information prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS-EU), includes certain alternative performance measures (APMs) for the purposes of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, of 14 March 2019 and as defined in the Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures issued by ESMA on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415es). The APMs are 
performance measures that have been calculated using the financial information from Iberdrola and the 
companies within its Group, but that are not defined or detailed in the applicable financial information 
framework. These APMs are being used to allow for a better understanding of the financial performance of 
Iberdrola but should be considered only as additional information and in no case as a substitute of the financial 
information prepared under IFRS-EU. Moreover, the way Iberdrola defines and calculates these APMs may 
differ from the way these are calculated by other companies that use similar measures, and therefore they may 
not be comparable. Finally, please consider that certain of the APMs used in this Base Prospectus (including 
the information incorporated by reference in it) have not been audited. The APMs are defined on pages 88-90 
of the Iberdrola, S.A. Q1 Results 2021.

--- Page 38 ---
11/68309712_31 
38 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in 
exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series and, subject further to simplification by deletion of 
non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such 
Registered Notes, details of the relevant Series being shown on the relevant Notes or Certificates and in the 
relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, 
S.A.U. and are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes which may be issued under the Programme. 
Sentences in italics shall not form part of these terms and conditions in respect of Definitive Notes. 
The euro medium term notes (the Notes) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 25 June 2021 between 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (the Issuer), Iberdrola, S.A. (the Guarantor), The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent), paying agent and transfer agent, The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or 
other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the Paying Agents, and each a Paying 
Agent), as transfer agent (together with the transfer agent referred to above and any additional or other transfer 
agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the Transfer Agent) and as registrar (the 
Registrar) and with the benefit of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 25 June 2021 executed 
by the Issuer in relation to the Notes.  The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the Noteholders from time to time, 
executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 25 June 2021 (the Deed of Guarantee) under which it has 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due by the Issuer under the Notes and the Deed of 
Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable.  The initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is 
specified on the Notes.  The Noteholders (as defined below), the Holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) 
appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons 
for further Coupons (the Talons) (the Couponholders) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  As used in these terms and conditions (the Conditions), Tranche 
means Notes which are identical in all respects.  Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar and the Transfer Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed 
(escritura pública) (the Public Deed) before a Spanish public notary in relation to the Notes and will register 
the Public Deed with the Commercial Registry of Biscay. The Public Deed will contain, among other 
information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
1. 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes, which expression includes Notes which are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) and in the Specified Currency shown in the relevant Final Terms provided that in the 
case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes).

--- Page 39 ---
11/68309712_31 
39 
 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination.  Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified 
Denomination as the lowest specified denomination of the Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon or Talons) attached, save in 
the case of Notes which do not bear interest, in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupon and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (Certificates), each Certificate representing 
a holding of one or more Registered Notes by the same Holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery.  Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the Register).  Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon or Talon, as the case 
may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, 
whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), Holder (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note 
is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in Part A of the relevant Final Terms.  Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder 
and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent; 
provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that 
payment of interest need not be surrendered with it.  Registered Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes.  Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination.  Bearer Notes which are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not 
be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender of the Certificate representing 
such Registered Notes to be transferred together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate 
duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent.  In the 
case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new 
Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor.  In the case of a 
transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a Holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender to the Transfer Agent of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding.

--- Page 40 ---
11/68309712_31 
40 
 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an option by the Issuer or a Noteholder in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the Holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the 
holding not redeemed.  In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of 
the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes 
of that holding that have the same terms.  New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of 
the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent.  In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Notes to a person who is already a Holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), 2(b) or 2(c) will, within three business 
days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place 
of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar to whom such request for exchange or 
form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, 
be available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making such 
delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of transfer, be 
mailed at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be specified in 
such request for exchange or form of transfer. 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise 
of an option will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed 
in relation to it. 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due 
date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes 
may be redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(e), or (iii) after any such Note has 
been drawn for redemption in whole or in part.  An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption 
may, however, be exchanged for a Registered Note in respect of which the Certificate is 
simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Restricted Securities 
For so long as any Registered Note is outstanding and is a “restricted security” (as defined in Rule 
144(a)(3) under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and during 
any period in relation thereto during which it is neither subject to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the United 
States Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant 
to Rule 12g3-2(b) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer and the Guarantor will make available on request 
to each Holder of such Note in connection with any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser of 
such Note from such Holder, in each case upon request, the information specified in and meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

--- Page 41 ---
11/68309712_31 
41 
 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions 
and unless they qualify by law as subordinated credits (créditos subordinados) under Article 92 of the 
Law 22/2003 (Ley Concursal) dated 9 July 2003 (the Spanish Insolvency Law)) rank (i) pari passu 
and rateably without any preference among themselves and (ii) at least pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law claims relating 
to the Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 92 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) will 
be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits 
rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a general 
or special privilege (créditos con privilegio general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above 
subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at 
the commencement of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law 
shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be suspended 
as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Guarantee 
(i) 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons on an unsubordinated 
basis. 
(ii) 
The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (without prejudice to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and unless they qualify by law as 
subordinated credits under Article 92 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) rank pari passu with all 
other unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and monetary obligations involving or 
otherwise related to borrowed money of the Guarantor, present and future.  Its obligations in 
that respect (the Guarantee) are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (Security) (other than Permitted 
Security) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee of or, indemnity in respect of, any 
Relevant Indebtedness;  
(ii) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that no other person creates or permits to 
subsist any Security (other than Permitted Security) upon the whole or any part of the 
undertaking, assets or revenues present or future of that other person to secure (A) any of the 
Issuer's Relevant Indebtedness or the Guarantor's Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee of 
or indemnity in respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant Indebtedness or the Guarantor's 
Relevant Indebtedness or (B) where the person in question is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, 
any of the Relevant Indebtedness of any person other than (1) that Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
or (2) if that Subsidiary is not a Relevant Subsidiary, any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor

--- Page 42 ---
11/68309712_31 
42 
 
(which is not the Issuer or a Relevant Subsidiary), or in each case any guarantee of, or 
indemnity in respect, of any such Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(iii) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that no person other than the Guarantor gives 
any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, any of its Relevant Indebtedness, 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and Coupons or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee (aa) are secured equally and rateably 
therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case 
may be, or (bb) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Noteholders. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions 
Permitted Security means any Security created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of a company 
which has merged with the Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries or which has been acquired by the 
Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries, provided that such security was already in existence at the time 
of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for the purpose of financing the merger or the 
acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended following the merger or the acquisition; 
person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having a separate legal 
personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money of the 
Guarantor, the Issuer or any other person or entity in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities which are or are capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily 
dealt in on any stock exchange, over the counter market or other securities market (for which purpose 
any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities shall be deemed not to be capable of 
being so quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the terms of the issue thereof expressly so provide); 
Relevant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Guarantor which is incorporated in a country whose 
sovereign debt is rated A or more by Standard & Poor's (or any equivalent rating) and whose total 
assets or revenues or EBITDA (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries) represent 7 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total assets, revenues or EBITDA of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the time being, 
EBITDA for these purposes being the aggregate of (a) “profits from operations” (after adding back 
“depreciation and amortisation charge, allowances and provisions”) and (b) “results of companies 
accounted for using the equity method”; and 
Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any company which is then directly or indirectly controlled, 
or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially 
owned, by the first person and/or one or more of its subsidiaries.  For a company to be “controlled” 
by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by the ownership of share 
capital, the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove 
all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of that company 
or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that company.

--- Page 43 ---
11/68309712_31 
43 
 
5. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified hereon, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and, in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable on the particular Interest 
Payment Date(s). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown thereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Relevant Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Relevant Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day, 
(iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Relevant Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Relevant Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the

--- Page 44 ---
11/68309712_31 
44 
 
relevant ISDA Rate.  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
LIBOR or EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time in the 
case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(x) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub paragraph (B)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (B)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the 
Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the

--- Page 45 ---
11/68309712_31 
45 
 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(y) 
if paragraph (2)(x) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable and 
the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR: 
(I) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period will (subject to Condition 5(c) or Condition 5(d), as the case

--- Page 46 ---
11/68309712_31 
46 
 
may be, and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; and 
(II) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Weighted 
Average, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Accrual Period will (subject to Condition 5(c) or Condition 
5(d), as the case may be, and subject as provided below) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal 
place, 
with 
0.000005 
being 
rounded 
upwards. 
 
(2) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(c), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(I) 
(x) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business 
Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the 
SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, r shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 
5(c), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how 
the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the 
Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent practicable and to the extent such 
guidance does not increase obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent in 
order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so long as

--- Page 47 ---
11/68309712_31 
47 
 
the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
(3) 
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and r shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(4) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(c), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and r shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(c) or 5(d), as the case may be, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual Period is the first 
Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period) or 
(iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, 
the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. 
(6) 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(7) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C): 
If Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on

--- Page 48 ---
11/68309712_31 
48 
 
an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes 
being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
Applicable Period means,  
(I) 
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Accrual 
Period; and 
(II) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Observation Period; 
Business Day or BD, means, (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which 
is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in 
New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where €STR 
is specified as the Reference Rate, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑖 − 𝑝𝑝𝐵𝐵𝐷𝐷 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
ቁ − 1 
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
቏ x 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
D is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business 
Days in such Applicable Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by 
the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European 
Central Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or 
before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;

--- Page 49 ---
11/68309712_31 
49 
 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling p Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the 
date falling p Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(I) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(II) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, zero; 
(III) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Business Days); 
r means: 
(I) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either Lag or Observation Shift is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(II) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either Lag or Observation Shift is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day;

--- Page 50 ---
11/68309712_31 
50 
 
(III) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either Lag or Observation Shift is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(IV) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
(x) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is a Reference Day, 
the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(y) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is not a Reference 
Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with 
the Interest Determination Date);  
(V) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
(x) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is a Reference Day, 
the SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding such Reference Day, and 
(y) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is not a Reference 
Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with 
the Interest Determination Date);  
(VI) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
(x) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(y) 
in respect of any Business Day i that is not a Reference 
Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), 
the €STR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(VII) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided

--- Page 51 ---
11/68309712_31 
51 
 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, 
in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, 
r shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(VIII) where in the relevant Final Terms SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect 
of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, r shall be the SOFR 
in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(IX) 
where in the relevant Final Terms €STR is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in respect 
of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, r shall be the €STR 
in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
ri-pBD means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the 
definition of r above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag 
is specified as the Observation Method, the Business Day (being a 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day i or, (ii) otherwise, 
the relevant Business Day i; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New 
York City Time) (the SOFR Determination Time) on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day; 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;

--- Page 52 ---
11/68309712_31 
52 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities;  
Effective Interest Payment Date means any date or dates specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
Rate Cut-off Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro; 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(I) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for 
each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated 
by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(II) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in 
effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by 
the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period 
falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each 
day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first 
day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate 
in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day. 
(D) 
Index Determination  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated in accordance with 
the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and

--- Page 53 ---
11/68309712_31 
53 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin: 
 
( 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
where: 
Compounded Index shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Compounded Index End means the relevant Compounded Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Accrual 
Period); 
Compounded Index Start means the relevant Compounded Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
€STR Compounded Index means the compounded daily €STR rate as 
published at 9:15 a.m. (Central European Time) by the European Central 
Bank (or a successor administrator of €STR) on the European Central Bank's 
Market Information Dissemination (MID) platform and Statistical Data 
Warehouse, or any successor source; 
Index Days means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days and in the case of the €STR 
Compounded Index, TARGET Settlement Days; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
Numerator shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
365 in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 360 in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index and the €STR Compounded Index; 
Relevant Decimal Place shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded 
Index and €STR Compounded Index, and the seventh decimal place in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if 
necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards);

--- Page 54 ---
11/68309712_31 
54 
 
Relevant Number shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and €STR 
Compounded Index, and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
SOFR Compounded Index means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as 
published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
SONIA Compounded Index means the compounded daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or 
€STR or a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of SOFR, as the case may be, 
if, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant Compounded 
Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the 
administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for 
that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) as if 
Index Determination was not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index,  €STR in the case of €STR 
Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, (ii) 
the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the 
Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, 
(v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of 
SONIA or €STR, the provisions of Condition 5(c) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) or if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
in respect of SOFR, the provision of Condition 5(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D), as applicable. 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in the Applicable Final 
Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the

--- Page 55 ---
11/68309712_31 
55 
 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent, or failing which the Issuer, 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in consultation 
with an independent financial institution or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer) shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Applicable Maturity means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity.  
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c). 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(i), prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 5(c)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(c)).

--- Page 56 ---
11/68309712_31 
56 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining 
the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (b) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(c) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable, binding on all 
parties, and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 
5(c), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct 
the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate provided for in Condition 
5(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 5(c): 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or

--- Page 57 ---
11/68309712_31 
57 
 
(B) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or   
(C) 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
B and C above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or as the case may be, (b) in the case of 
sub-paragraph D above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate 
and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph E above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 58 ---
11/68309712_31 
58 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(i); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event:  
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is SOFR (or the then-current Benchmark 
which has replaced SOFR), in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5(c), 
as applicable, this Condition 5(d) shall apply.  
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of 
a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 5(d), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. None of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor 
any Paying Agents will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer

--- Page 59 ---
11/68309712_31 
59 
 
or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement.  
In no event shall the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor any Paying Agents be responsible 
for determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or 
for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any 
such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any 
determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken 
at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period), 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period is the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period), or 
(iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied 
to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d): 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (II) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (I) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (II) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (I) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (II) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 60 ---
11/68309712_31 
60 
 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
Event, the later of (I) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (II) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component);

--- Page 61 ---
11/68309712_31 
61 
 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
designee means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for 
the Notes in writing; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (I) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (II) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(e) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note.  As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (calculated in accordance with Condition 6(d)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless payment is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after

--- Page 62 ---
11/68309712_31 
62 
 
judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Redemption Amounts, and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a 
negative number) the absolute value of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, 
as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest Yen.  For these purposes unit means, with respect to any currency other 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means 0.01 Euro. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding principal amount of each Note by the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms save that, where an Interest Amount (or a formula for 
its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Note for such period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula).  Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quote or make any determination or calculation, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the 
Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or other relevant authority and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if

--- Page 63 ---
11/68309712_31 
63 
 
determined prior to such time, in the case of a Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount, the Interest 
Payment Date, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no event later than the fourth Relevant 
Business Day after such determination.  The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If the 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amounts so calculated 
need be made.  The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount and the Optional Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each 
quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 64 ---
11/68309712_31 
64 
 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 32 and D2 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(v) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
]
(
[30
]
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
Fraction
Day Count 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 65 ---
11/68309712_31 
65 
 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (A) the actual number of days in such Determination Period and (B) 
the number of Determination Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (I) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (I) the actual number of days 
in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Periods 
in any period of one year, 
where: 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; and 
Determination Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of 
European Monetary Union. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on an Interest Period Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable and, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Notes (the Issue Date) or such other 
date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is sterling or (ii) the day falling two Relevant 
Business Days in London prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the specified currency 
is not sterling, or (iii) the day falling two TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the specified currency is euro. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on, 
and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
11/68309712_31 
66 
 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and which 
is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
TARGET2 Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
(k) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Changes of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Final 
Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note provisions, Floating 
Rate Note provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note provisions shall apply. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent  
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the Conditions applicable to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding.  
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its duties 
under the Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period or to calculate the 
Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading 
bank engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in its place.  The Calculation Agent may 
not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 67 ---
11/68309712_31 
67 
 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be redeemed 
at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its principal amount i.e., at par) on the Maturity Date 
specified on each Note. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified hereon, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if the Guarantee 
were called, the Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) were then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be) stating that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred. 
(c) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(d) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear interest 
prior to the Maturity Date upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 
Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g), Condition 6(h), Condition 6(i), or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their Issue Price 
on the Issue Date) compounded annually.  Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g), Condition 6(h),

--- Page 68 ---
11/68309712_31 
68 
 
Condition 6(i), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid 
when due, the Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date.  The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made 
(both before and after judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest which may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided some of the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption.  Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount as 
determined by the Financial Adviser will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive 
of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis 
at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable 
and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
to be redeemed. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of 
the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may approve 
and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements or other relevant authority requirements.  So long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in 
each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published either on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other exchange, notices 
required to be given to the Holders of the Notes shall also be published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 69 ---
11/68309712_31 
69 
 
Discount Rate will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
FA Selected Note means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
Financial Adviser means the entity so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
if such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer. 
Make-whole Exemption Period will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption Margin will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Note shall be the note so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or if 
no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
Reference Note Price means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations or (b) if the Financial Adviser 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average 
of all such quotations. 
Reference Note Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date of redemption. 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than 
the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
Reference Government Note Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are (a) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing 
corporate note issues. 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Financial 
Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference Government Note Dealer. 
Remaining Term Interest means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined by the Financial 
Adviser on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on 
which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 6(e). 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, 
or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption (the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date)), redeem all 
(but not only some) of the outstanding Notes at their principal amount together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before

--- Page 70 ---
11/68309712_31 
70 
 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years; or in either 
case, such shorter time period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6(f). 
(g) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial 
Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each case at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6(g). 
A Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes is purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary 
of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(j)); 
 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, at any 
time while any Note remains outstanding, each holder of Notes will have the option (the Change of 
Control Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase 
of such Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount (plus interest 
accrued to, but excluding the Optional Redemption Date) (both terms as defined below), if a Change 
of Control occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs (together, a 
Put Event). 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert (Relevant Persons) or any person or persons acting on behalf of such Relevant Persons, 
acquire(s) control of the Guarantor. 
control means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights of the issued 
share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the 
members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other governing body, in each case whether obtained 
directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting 
rights, contract or otherwise. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: (1) the 
date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control; and (2) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (if any), and ending on the date which is 270 days after the date of 
the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or public statement 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control.

--- Page 71 ---
11/68309712_31 
71 
 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P); (b) Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch Ratings); 
or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if: (A) 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor by any Rating 
Agency is: (x) withdrawn; (y) ceases to be an Investment Grade Rating; or (z) if the rating assigned to 
the Guarantor by any Rating Agency which is current at the time the Change of Control Period begins 
is below an Investment Grade Rating, that rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency 
(for example BB+ to BB by S&P), provided that a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency withdrawing or lowering 
the rating does not publicly announce or otherwise confirms in writing to the Issuer that the reduction 
or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as 
a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control; or (B) at the time of the Change of 
Control there is no rating assigned to the Guarantor. 
Investment Grade Rating means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and including 
AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect to Moody’s, any of 
the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or equivalent successor categories); and 
(3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- 
(or equivalent successor categories). 
Optional Redemption Amount means an amount equal to par. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a Put Event Notice) to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date upon which the Put 
Period (as defined below) will end and the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of a Note under this section, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause to be transferred its Notes 
to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change of Control 
Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period (the Put Period) of 45 days after the 
Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option 
Notice) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of 
which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to 
the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described 
above on the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the Optional 
Redemption Date). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the Specified 
Currency to the holder to the bank account denominated in the Specified Currency specified in the Put 
Option Notice on the Optional Redemption Date via the relevant account holders.  
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Holder of any such Note, upon the Holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 72 ---
11/68309712_31 
72 
 
Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Dates at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  It may be that before a Put Option can 
be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied.  Where relevant, the 
provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise such option the Holder must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
(in the case of Registered Notes) at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent (as applicable) within the notice period.  No Note or Certificate so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in 
each case, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith).  Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(b) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be 
made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi) or Coupons (in the 
case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment 
is due drawn on, or, at the option of the Holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency and, in the case of Euro, by cheque drawn 
down or by transfer to, a Euro account to which Euro may be credited or transferred as specified by 
the payee.  
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes will be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or 
of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for

--- Page 73 ---
11/68309712_31 
73 
 
payment thereof (the Record Date).  Payments of interest on each Registered Note will be 
made in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to the Holder 
(or to the first named of joint Holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register 
maintained by the Registrar.  Upon application by the Holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before, the Record Date and subject as provided in Condition 
7(a) above, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the specified 
currency designated by the Holder with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Coupon holders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below.  The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Holder.  The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer and 
the Guarantor will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent having a specified office in at least two major European cities (including 
Luxembourg so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so require) in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions 
so require one, (v) Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities 
(including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require), (vi) a Paying Agent having a specified office in a city in

--- Page 74 ---
11/68309712_31 
74 
 
Continental Europe outside the European Union and (vii) such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any Notes 
denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the 
total principal due) will be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount then due for payment.  Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within 
a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented, where applicable, for redemption without 
all unmatured coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented, where applicable, for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation, where applicable (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be.  Interest accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation, where applicable, of the relevant 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 9).

--- Page 75 ---
11/68309712_31 
75 
 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment.  In this Condition 7(h), business day means a day which is: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business: (A) in, as regards Bearer Notes, the relevant place of presentation (if 
presentation is required) and (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial 
Centres in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
(A) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the specified currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the specified currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or (B) (in the case of a payment in Euro) where 
payment is to be made by payment to an account, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
operating. 
(i) 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
(i) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes, or announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
and the Paying Agents, designate a date (the Redenomination Date), being an Interest 
Payment Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on which that country becomes a 
Participating Member State. 
(ii) 
Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from 
the Redenomination Date: 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the specified 
denomination of Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the 
principal amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro at the 
rate for conversion of such currency into Euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to 
rounding in accordance with European Community regulations); provided, however, 
that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent that market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro 0.01 of internationally offered 
securities is different from that specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to 
be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Noteholders and Couponholders, each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
if Notes have been issued in definitive form: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or 
not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date (the 
Euro Exchange Date) on which the Issuer gives notice (the Euro Exchange 
Notice) to the Noteholders that replacement Notes and Coupons denominated 
in Euro are available for exchange (provided that such Notes and Coupons 
are available) and no payments will be made in respect thereof;

--- Page 76 ---
11/68309712_31 
76 
 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other 
obligations of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to exchange 
such Notes in accordance with this Condition 7) shall remain in full force and 
effect; 
(c) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in Euro will be issued in exchange for Notes 
and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Euro Exchange 
Notice; and 
(d) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is 
on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the Euro, 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination 
Date) will be made solely by Euro cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to a Euro 
account (or other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) maintained 
by the payee with a bank in a city in a country in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2 System. 
(iii) 
Interest: Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, where Notes 
have been issued in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held (or, as the case 
may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder. 
(iv) 
Interpretation: In this Condition: 
Participating Member State means a member state of the European Union which adopts the 
Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Additional Amounts 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax  (each a Taxing Authority), unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code.  In that event, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and the Coupon holders after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been 
received in respect of the Notes or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction. Notwithstanding this, no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
payment in respect of any Note or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Note or Coupon who is liable for taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or

--- Page 77 ---
11/68309712_31 
77 
 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant Holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Noteholder in respect of whom the Issuer (or 
an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information as may be necessary 
to allow payments on such Note to be made free and clear of withholding tax or deduction on 
account of any taxes imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction, including when the Issuer (or an agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive such information concerning such Noteholder's 
identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may 
be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 
1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code (or any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or 
an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement). 
(b) 
Tax Credit Payment 
If any additional amounts are paid by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under this 
Condition for the benefit of any Holder and such Holder in its sole discretion, determines that it has 
obtained (and has derived full use and benefit from) a credit against, a relief or remission for, or 
repayment of, any tax, then, if and to the extent that such Holder in its sole opinion, determines that 
(i) such credit, relief, remission or repayment is in respect of or calculated with reference to the 
additional amounts paid pursuant to this Condition; and (ii) its tax affairs for its tax year in respect of 
which such credit, relief, remission or repayment was obtained have been finally settled, such Holder 
shall, to the extent that it can do so without prejudice to the retention of the amount of such credit, 
relief, remission or repayment, pay to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor such amount as 
such Holder shall in its sole opinion, determine to be the amount which will leave such Holder (after 
such payment) in no worse after tax position than it would have been in had the additional payment in 
question not been required to be made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
(c) 
Tax Credit Clawback 
If any Holder makes any payment to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor pursuant to this 
Condition and such Holder subsequently determines in its sole opinion, that the credit, relief, remission 
or repayment in respect of which such payment was made was not available or has been withdrawn or 
that it was unable to use such credit, relief, remission or repayment in full, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor shall reimburse such Holder such amount as such Holder determines in its sole 
opinion, is necessary to place it in the same after tax position as it would have been in if such credit, 
relief, remission or repayment had been obtained and fully used and retained by such Holder, such 
amount not exceeding in any case the amount paid by the Holder to the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Tax Affairs 
Nothing in Conditions 8(b) and 8(c) shall interfere with the right of any Holder to arrange its tax or 
any other affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit, oblige any Holder to claim any credit, relief,

--- Page 78 ---
11/68309712_31 
78 
 
remission or repayment in respect of any payment made under this Condition in priority to any credit, 
relief, remission or repayment available to it nor oblige any Holder to disclose any information relating 
to its tax or other affairs or any computations in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect thereof first becomes due or if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld (or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if 
earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation.  References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it; (ii) 
“interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes 
and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing, the Holder of a 
Note of any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment, shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any 
of the Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with 
any one or more of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Agency 
Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied 
within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent by any 
Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) subject as provided below, any Relevant Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the 
option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, or, provided that no event of default 
on such Relevant Indebtedness, however described, has occurred, at the option of any person 
entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness, or (ii) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or of 
the Guarantor is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, 
or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, provided 
that the aggregate amount of the Relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect

--- Page 79 ---
11/68309712_31 
79 
 
of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this Condition 10(c) have occurred 
equals or exceeds €125,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
Paragraph (c) shall not apply to Relevant Indebtedness which was incurred before 27 July 
2007, provided that this exception shall not be applicable if such Relevant Indebtedness (I) 
has become (or is declared to become) due and payable, and (II) is not paid in full when so 
due and payable; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: any distress, attachment, execution or other legal process which is 
material in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes is levied, enforced or sued on or 
against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the 
Guarantor's Relevant Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Relevant 
Subsidiaries which is material in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession by or the 
appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary becomes, or is 
adjudicated to be, insolvent or is adjudicated to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary or the 
whole or any material part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary is appointed (or application for any such appointment 
is made), (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary takes any action for a 
general readjustment or deferment of its obligations or makes a general assignment or 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally or declares a 
moratorium in respect of its indebtedness or guarantees given by it, or (iv) any other 
proceeding is commenced in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary 
which requires the application of priorities pursuant to (or equivalent to) any applicable 
Spanish laws; or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary, or the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any Relevant Subsidiary shall cease or through an official action of 
its board of directors threaten to cease to carry on all or a substantial part of its business or 
operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Relevant Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking or 
assets of the Relevant Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in (A) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or another Subsidiary or (B) any other person provided, in this case, that the 
undertaking or assets are transferred to that person for full consideration on an arm's length 
basis and the proceeds of the consideration are applied as soon as practicable in the 
Guarantor’s or the Subsidiary’s business or operations or (iii) in the case of the Issuer, whereby 
the undertakings or assets of the Issuer are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Guarantor 
or any entity wholly owned by the Guarantor; or (iv) to comply with any mandatory 
requirements of law, regulation, directive or rule applicable to the Guarantor or any of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries in connection with the reorganisation of the energy sector relevant to 
the Guarantor or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or 
effecting of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order,

--- Page 80 ---
11/68309712_31 
80 
 
recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to 
enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective rights and 
perform and comply with their respective obligations under the Notes and the Deed of 
Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to 
make the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee; or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs including, 
but not limited to, concurso; or 
(k) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect. 
In this Condition, “Relevant Indebtedness”, “Relevant Subsidiary” and “Subsidiary” shall have the 
respective meanings given to them in Condition 4(b). 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes 
(including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Notes).  An Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present 
or not and on all relevant Couponholders, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel any premium payable on redemption of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the 
rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or 
rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a 
Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method 
for calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment or 
specified denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required 
at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, will only 
be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special 
quorum (provided for in the Agency Agreement) is present. 
A modification of any of these Conditions in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) does not need to be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders in order 
to be effective. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms 
of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so

--- Page 81 ---
11/68309712_31 
81 
 
could not, in the opinion of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent (in the case of the Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for such purpose, and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Coupon holders create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  With respect to Registered Notes admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of that exchange so require), any notices must also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times).  With respect to Bearer Notes 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any notice must be also published either on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).  If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another leading English 
language newspaper of general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above. 
Coupon holders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 82 ---
11/68309712_31 
82 
 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be given to the Holders 
of the Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued and so long as any Global Note is held in its entirety 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg there may, be substituted for such publication 
as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the Noteholders.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with a Paying Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to such Paying Agent via Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as such Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for the Issuer (x) the Guarantor or (y) any company which is wholly-owned 
by the Guarantor (the Substitute) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substitute to be 
given in accordance with Condition 14 and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, to such exchange, provided that: 
(i) 
no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or the Deed of Guarantee (as the case may 
be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(iii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 8 (the Deed Poll), agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any 
authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of 
Covenant and which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as 
well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, 
relating to the substitution; 
(iv) 
where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll; 
(v) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons 
and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect; 
(vi) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it;

--- Page 83 ---
11/68309712_31 
83 
 
(vii) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of recognised 
standing in each jurisdiction referred to in (iii) above, in Spain and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 15 and the other matters specified in the Deed 
Poll and that the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute; 
(viii) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; 
(ix) 
Standard & Poor's and/or Moody's and/or Fitch, as the case may be, shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the credit rating of the Notes will not be 
adversely affected, save where the Substitute is the Guarantor; 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings in the courts of England 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes; and 
(xi) 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a prospectus 
supplement is filed with such exchange. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Notes and 
the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substitute had been named as the Issuer herein, 
and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Notes and under the Agency Agreement, 
and where the Substitute is the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall be released from its obligations under 
the Guarantee. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All of the provisions specified in Conditions 15(a) and 15(b) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context 
so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Conditions 15(a) or 15(c) any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, the 
Fiscal Agent.  Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order 
of a court or any jurisdiction in connection with, the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be 
due to it from the Issuer or the Guarantor shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to 
make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so).  If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or 
Coupon, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the Noteholder or Couponholder, as

--- Page 84 ---
11/68309712_31 
84 
 
the case may be, against any loss sustained by it as a result.  In any event, the Issuer, failing whom the 
Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase.  For the 
purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made.  These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's and the Guarantor's 
other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective 
of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and 
effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum 
due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all matters arising from or connected therewith, including 
any non-contractual obligations arising from or connected therewith, are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. The status of the Notes as described in Condition 3(a) and 
the status of the Guarantee as described in Condition 3(b)(ii) are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a Dispute) arising from or 
connected with any Notes, Coupons or Talons. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 17(b) (English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only.  As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 17 prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process Agent 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required 
to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to SPW 
Investments Limited, 4th Floor, 1 Tudor Street, London, EC4Y 0AH, UK or, if different, its registered 
office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in England at which process may be served on 
it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.  
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and not to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 85 ---
11/68309712_31 
85 
 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 86 ---
11/68309712_31 
86 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be on-lent or deposited with 
another member of the Group and used either: 
(a) 
for the general corporate purposes of such Group member; or 
(b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, in which case the relevant 
Notes will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this section: 
Eligible Green Projects are projects which comply with the eligibility criteria from time to time as set out in 
the Iberdrola Framework for Green Financing (available at 
https://www.iberdrola.com/wcorp/gc/prod/en_US/inversores/docs/Iberdrola_Framework_for_Green_Financi
ng.pdf). 
Neither the Framework for Green Financing, nor the above website are incorporated in or form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 87 ---
11/68309712_31 
87 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM OR 
WHILE REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A NOMINEE FOR A CLEARING SYSTEM 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form or if the Global 
Certificates are to be held under the NSS, they will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. If the Global Notes in NGN form or the Global Certificates held under the NSS are 
intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy, depositing the Global Notes or the 
Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in 
NGN form or under the NSS, respectively, the clearing systems will be notified whether or not such 
Global Notes or Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the 
Common Safekeeper.  
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS 
may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary) or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg if the Registered Note 
is not to be held under the NSS, or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper if the 
Registered Note is to be held under the NSS, and delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to the 
Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited 
to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
permitted clearing system (Alternative Clearing System) as the holder of a Note represented by a 
Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case 
may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject 
to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by

--- Page 88 ---
11/68309712_31 
88 
 
such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3. 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see Subscription and 
Sale), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.3 below, in part for Definitive 
Notes or, in the case of paragraph 3.3 below, Registered Notes: 
(a) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes; and 
(b) 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice 
to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a nominal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect 
of such holding and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an 
amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (a) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and

--- Page 89 ---
11/68309712_31 
89 
 
the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (b) for Definitive Notes if 
principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.4 
Transfer of Notes Represented by Global Certificates 
If the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes 
represented by the Global Certificate may only be made in part: 
(a) 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in 
fact do so; or 
(b) 
upon or following any failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when it is due and 
payable; or 
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (a) or (b) above, the holder 
of the Notes represented by the Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice. 
Where the holding of Notes represented by the Global Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, 
the Certificate is issued to the transferee upon transfer shall be a Global Certificate. Where transfers 
are permitted in part, Certificates issued to transferees shall not be Global Certificates unless the 
transferee so requests and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or an Alternative Clearing System.  
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (a) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (b) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or if the Global Note is a NGN, 
the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any Global Note, the 
definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a 
Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement/Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal 
in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given

--- Page 90 ---
11/68309712_31 
90 
 
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules 
before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if 
no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders 
for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on 
each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made 
in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the 
Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. 
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make 
the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation 
shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System 
Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means 
Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a permanent Global Note and such permanent Global Note is 
held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the 
relevant notice to the Holder of the permanent Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to the clearing system. So long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, 
notices in respect of such Notes shall be published in a daily newspaper having circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 91 ---
11/68309712_31 
91 
 
4.3 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes which are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
4.4 
Meetings 
In respect of Notes issued by the Issuer, the holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate will be treated as being two persons for the purpose of any quorum 
requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of 
each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of Notes for which such Global Note may be 
exchanged. 
4.5 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation following its purchase will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
4.6 
Default 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a 
portion of it, or one or more Registered Notes represented by such Global Certificate to become due 
and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the principal amount of such Global Note or Registered Notes which is becoming due and 
repayable. Following the giving of a notice of an Event of Default by or through a common depository 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or if the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate so elects, the Global Note or Registered Notes represented by the 
Global Certificate will become void as to the specified portion and the persons entitled to such portion 
as accountholders with a clearing system will acquire direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under 
the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
4.7 
Issuer’s Option 
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 6 in the event that the Issuer exercises any 
option relating to those Notes while all such Notes which are outstanding are represented by a 
permanent Global Note. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but 
not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and shall be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion (as the case 
may be). 
4.8 
Noteholder’s Options 
Any Noteholders’ option may be exercised by the holder of a Global Note giving notice within the 
time limits specified in the Conditions to the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) of the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Note is a 
CGN, presenting such Global Note for endorsement of exercise. 
4.9 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records

--- Page 92 ---
11/68309712_31 
92 
 
of the relevant clearing systems and, upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 93 ---
11/68309712_31 
93 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE  
This is a description of the principal terms of the guarantee dated 25 June 2021 given by the Guarantor in 
respect of this Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme. It does not restate the Deed of Guarantee in 
its entirety. 
1. 
Guarantee and Indemnity 
1(A) 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed: 
(1) 
to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment of any and every sum or sums of money 
which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to any Note as and when 
the same shall become due and payable and has agreed unconditionally to pay to such 
Noteholder, forthwith upon demand by such Noteholder and in the manner and currency 
prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the Issuer thereunder, any and every sum or 
sums of money which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to such 
Note and which the Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time such demand is made; and 
(2) 
to each Relevant Account Holder the due and punctual payment of all amounts due to such 
Relevant Account Holder under the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become 
due and payable and has agreed unconditionally to pay to such Relevant Account Holder, 
forthwith on demand by such Relevant Account Holder and in the manner and in the currency 
prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the Issuer thereunder, any and every sum or 
sums of money which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to the 
Deed of Covenant and which the Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time demand is made. 
1(B) 
As a separate, additional and continuing obligation, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably 
undertaken to each Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder that, should any amount referred to 
in Clause 1(A) not be recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, by reason of any Note, any provision of any Note, the Deed of Covenant 
or any provision thereof being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any 
applicable law) then, notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Noteholder or 
Relevant Account Holder, the Guarantor will, as a sole, original and independent obligor, upon first 
written demand under Clause 1(A), make payment of such amount by way of a full indemnity in such 
currency and otherwise in such manner as is provided for in the Notes or the Deed of Covenant (as the 
case may be) and indemnify each Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder against all losses, 
claims, costs, charges and expenses to which it may be subject or which it may incur under or in 
connection with the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Deed of Guarantee. 
2. 
Taxes and Withholdings 
In the event that any payments made by the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee are or become 
subject to withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor has 
undertaken to the Noteholders and the Relevant Account Holders that it will use its best endeavours, 
subject to all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines and for so long as it is required to make any 
such withholding or deduction, to effect payment under the Deed of Guarantee to the Noteholders and 
Relevant Account Holders through the Issuer, or in such other manner so as to ensure that no such 
withholding or deduction is required. 
If payments made to the Noteholders or the Relevant Account Holders under the Deed of Guarantee 
through the Issuer or in such other manner so as to ensure that no such withholding or deduction is 
required, are or become illegal or contrary to the then applicable regulations or guidelines, the

--- Page 94 ---
11/68309712_31 
94 
 
Guarantor has provided a covenant in favour of each Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder 
that it will duly perform and comply with its obligations expressed to be undertaken in Condition 8. 
3. 
Preservation of Rights 
3(A) 
The obligations of the Guarantor contained in the Deed of Guarantee shall be deemed to be undertaken 
as sole or principal debtor. 
3(B) 
The obligations of the Guarantor contained in the Deed of Guarantee shall constitute and be continuing 
obligations notwithstanding any settlement of account or other matters or things whatsoever and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not be considered satisfied by any partial payment or 
satisfaction of all or any of the Issuer’s obligations under any Note or the Deed of Covenant and shall 
continue in full force and effect in respect of each Note and the Deed of Covenant until final repayment 
in full of all amounts owing by the Issuer thereunder and total satisfaction of all the Issuer’s actual and 
contingent obligations thereunder. 
3(C) 
Neither the obligations of the Guarantor contained in the Deed of Guarantee nor the rights, powers 
and remedies conferred upon the Noteholders, the Relevant Account Holders or any of them by the 
Deed of Guarantee or by law shall be discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(1) 
the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or analogous proceeding in any jurisdiction or any 
change in its status, function, control or ownership; or 
(2) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant being or 
becoming illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; or 
(3) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect of its 
obligations under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or 
(4) 
any amendment to, or any variation, waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer under 
any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or 
(5) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this Clause 3(C), would or might operate to 
discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained or any 
of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Noteholders, the Relevant Account 
Holders or any of them by the Deed of Guarantee or by law. 
3(D) 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Noteholders, the Relevant Account 
Holders or any of them shall be conditional upon no payment to the Noteholders, the Relevant Account 
Holders or any of them by the Issuer or any other person on the Issuer’s behalf being avoided or 
reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation 
for the time being in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the 
Noteholders and the Relevant Account Holders shall each be entitled to recover the amount by which 
such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or 
discharge had not occurred. 
3(E) 
No Noteholder or Relevant Account Holder shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers 
or remedies conferred upon it by the Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(1) 
to make any demand of the Issuer, other than (in the case of the Holder of a Bearer Note) the 
presentation of the relevant Note; or 
(2) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or

--- Page 95 ---
11/68309712_31 
95 
 
(3) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer and, save as 
aforesaid, the Guarantor hereby expressly waives, in respect of each Note, presentment, 
demand and protest and notice of dishonour. 
3(F) 
The Guarantor has agreed that so long as any amounts are or may be owed by the Issuer under any of 
the Notes or the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any actual or contingent obligations 
thereunder, the Guarantor shall not exercise rights which the Guarantor may at any time have by reason 
of performance by the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder: 
(1) 
to be indemnified by the Issuer; and/or 
(2) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes 
or the Deed of Covenant; and/or 
(3) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security taken pursuant to, or in connection 
with, any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant issued by the Issuer, by all or any of the 
persons to whom the benefit of the Guarantor’s obligations are given; and/or 
(4) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Noteholder or Relevant Account Holder against the Issuer 
in respect of amounts paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Deed of 
Guarantee. 
3(G) 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will at all times rank as described in 
Condition 3 of the Notes. 
4. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
4(A) 
Governing Law: The Guarantor has agreed that the Deed of Guarantee and all matters arising from 
or connected with it, including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
4(B) 
English courts: The Guarantor has agreed that the courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute (a Dispute), arising from or connected with the Deed of Guarantee (including a 
dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of the Deed of Guarantee) or the consequences 
of its nullity. 
4(C) 
Appropriate forum: The Guarantor has agreed that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
4(D) 
Rights of the Noteholders and Relevant Account Holders: It is agreed in the Deed of Guarantee 
that Clause 4(B) (English courts) is for the benefit of the Beneficiaries (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) only. As a result, it has been agreed that nothing in Clause 4 (Law and Jurisdiction) prevents 
the Noteholders and Relevant Account Holders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and 
Relevant Account Holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
4(E) 
Process agent: The Guarantor has agreed that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to SPW Investments Limited, 4th Floor, 1 Tudor Street, London, EC4Y 0AH, UK or, if 
different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Guarantor in Great Britain at 
which process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such 
person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor has agreed that it shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder or Relevant 
Account Holder addressed and delivered to the Guarantor appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder or

--- Page 96 ---
11/68309712_31 
96 
 
Relevant Account Holder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the 
Guarantor and delivered to the Guarantor. The Guarantor has agreed that nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder or Relevant Account Holder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. This clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
5. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
A person who is not a party to this Deed has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Deed, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 97 ---
11/68309712_31 
97 
 
DESCRIPTION OF IBERDROLA FINANZAS, S.A.U.  
General information 
The legal name of the Issuer is Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. (Iberdrola Finanzas), a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Iberdrola, incorporated on 16 February 2005 as a corporation (sociedad anónima) under the laws of Spain. 
Iberdrola Finanzas operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of Iberdrola Finanzas is Plaza 
Euskadi 5, Bilbao, Spain, with telephone number +34 94 415 1411. Iberdrola Finanzas is registered at Volume 
4525, Book 0, Sheet BI-41875, Folio 89, entry no. 1 in the Biscay Commercial Registry. Iberdrola Finanzas 
was incorporated for an indefinite period. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Iberdrola Finanzas is 5493004PZNZWWBOUV388. 
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2020, the issued and paid-up share capital of Iberdrola Finanzas was €100,061,000, divided 
into 100,061 ordinary registered shares of €1,000 each. The whole of the issued and paid-up share capital of 
Iberdrola Finanzas is owned by Iberdrola. There are currently no arrangements in place, the operation of which 
may at a future date result in a change of control of Iberdrola Finanzas. There are no measures in place to 
ensure that the control of Iberdrola Finanzas by Iberdrola is not abused. 
Business 
The corporate purpose of Iberdrola Finanzas is the issuance of debt securities, whether on a subordinated basis 
or not, which are to be traded on the Spanish and international markets. The net proceeds from the issuance of 
the debt securities will be deposited with Iberdrola and used for the general corporate purposes of Iberdrola 
and its subsidiaries. Iberdrola Finanzas is dependent on Iberdrola to service its obligations under these debt 
securities.  
Management 
Iberdrola Finanzas is managed by a board of directors which are detailed in the following table:  
Name 
Function 
Mr. J. Martínez 
Pérez
 ..............................................................................................................................  
Chairman 
Mr. G. Colino Salazar 
 ..............................................................................................................................  
Member 
Mr. D. Alcain 
López
 ..............................................................................................................................  
Member 
Mr. D. Fernández 
Molina
 ..............................................................................................................................  
Member 
The business address of each director of Iberdrola Finanzas is Plaza Euskadi 5, Bilbao, Spain. 
No conflict of interest has been notified to Iberdrola Finanzas between the duties of the directors of Iberdrola 
Finanzas and their private interests or other duties. None of the directors of Iberdrola Finanzas performs any 
activities outside Iberdrola Finanzas that are significant with respect to Iberdrola Finanzas.

--- Page 98 ---
11/68309712_31 
98 
 
Material contracts 
The material contracts entered into by Iberdrola Finanzas (other than in its ordinary course of business) which 
are relevant to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Programme are the Dealership Agreement, 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and each public deed (escritura pública) entered into in respect 
of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 99 ---
11/68309712_31 
99 
 
DESCRIPTION OF IBERDROLA, S.A.  
 
General information 
The legal name of the Guarantor is Iberdrola, S.A. (Iberdrola) operating under the commercial name 
Iberdrola. It is a listed corporation which was incorporated in the Kingdom of Spain for an indefinite period 
on 19 July 1901. Iberdrola operates under the laws of Spain. Iberdrola is registered in volume 17 of the 
Companies Section, folio 114, sheet 901 (current BI-167-A), entry no. 1 in the Biscay Commercial Registry. 
Its present name was adopted at the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 1 November 1992, formalised in 
a deed executed on 12 December 1992 and recorded with the Biscay Commercial Registry in volume BI-223 
of the General Companies Section, folio 156, sheet BI-167-A, entry no. 923, following the merger of Iberduero, 
S.A. and Hidroeléctrica Española, S.A. 
Iberdrola (together with its subsidiaries, the Iberdrola Group and the Group) is now one of the world’s 
leading private electricity companies in terms of market capitalisation and the number of customers it serves. 
Iberdrola’s registered offices are in Bilbao (Spain), at Plaza Euskadi, nº.5, 48009 Bilbao, with telephone 
number +34 94 415 14 11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Iberdrola is 5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45. Iberdrola’s website is 
www.iberdrola.com. 
Iberdrola is the parent company of a group of companies carrying out activities primarily in the electricity and 
gas industries, in the Kingdom of Spain and other countries, with a significant presence in the UK, the United 
States of America, Mexico, Brazil, and International (mainly continental Europe, Germany, France, Italy 
among others). With the scope and under the conditions established in applicable regulations in each territory, 
the activities carried out in such industries may be classified into regulated activities and liberalised activities. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
Iberdrola’s shares are listed on the Spanish stock exchange and admitted to listing on the Spanish electronic 
stock market, energy sector, electricity sub-sector, and are included in the IBEX-35 index. In addition, since 
23 June 2003, Iberdrola’s shares have been included in the FTSE EuroStoxx 100 index and, since 1 September 
2003, in the EuroStoxx 50 index. 
As at 31 March 2021, there were 6,418,156,000 shares in issue all of which are fully subscribed and paid up 
at a par value of €0.75 each. As at 31 December 2020, there were 6,350,061,000 shares of Iberdrola in issue, 
all of which are fully subscribed and paid up, resulting in a share capital of €4,762,545,750. The nominal value 
of each share is €0.75. As at 31 December 2020, the closing price was €11.70, resulting in a market 
capitalisation of €74,296 million. All of Iberdrola’s shares are ordinary shares, represented in book-entry form 
and the book-entry registry is kept by Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal (Iberclear), domiciled at Palacio de la Bolsa, Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 
28014 Madrid, Spain. 
According to information available to Iberdrola, no single person (or group of persons) controls Iberdrola. 
Nonetheless, based on publicly available information, at 31 December 2020 significant shareholders holding 
more than 3 per cent. of Iberdrola’s ordinary share capital were (a) Qatar Investment Authority holding an 8.71 
per cent. interest through Qatar Holding Luxembourg II, S.A.R.L.; (b) Blackrock, Inc. with an indirect interest 
of 5.16 per cent. through Blackrock Group; and (c) Norges Bank with a direct interest of 3.60 per cent.

--- Page 100 ---
11/68309712_31 
100 
 
Recent Developments 
On 2 March 2021, Neoenergia S.A.1 announced that, following completion of all conditions precedent, its 
wholly-owned subsidiary Bahia Geração de Energia S.A. consummated the acquisition of 100% of the share 
capital of the Brazilian distribution company CEB Distribuição S.A. 
Iberdrola has undertaken to subscribe 81.5% of the share capital increase of Avangrid, Inc. (Avangrid) 
announced on 12 May 2021, a listed subholding company of the Group in the United States of America, to 
finance the acquisition of PNM Resources, Inc. (which is pending completion), and pay off the U.S.$ 3,000 
million loan extended by Iberdrola to Avangrid in December 2020. The investment to be made by Iberdrola 
will amount to U.S.$ 3,260 million. The remaining U.S.$ 740 million of Avangrid’s share capital increase, 
will be subscribed by Qatar Investment Authority (QIA), which holds 8.71% of the share capital of Iberdrola. 
Accordingly, following the share capital increase, Iberdrola will maintain its current holding of 81.5% of the 
share capital of Avangrid and QIA will have a direct shareholding of approximately 4% in Avangrid. 
Organisational Structure 
The corporate structure of the principal subsidiaries of the Iberdrola Group as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is as follows:

--- Page 101 ---
11/68309712_31 
101 
 
 
IBERDROLA, S.A. 
(holding) 
Iberdrola Energía, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Ingeniería y 
Construcción, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola RE, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Finance Ireland, DAC 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Inmobiliaria, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Scottish Power, Ltd 
100 per cent. 
(subholding) 
Avangrid, Inc. 
81.5 per cent. 
(subholding) 
Iberdrola International B.V. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Financiación, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Inversiones 2010, 
S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Torre Iberdrola, AIE 
68.1 per cent. 
Iberdrola Renovables Energía, 
S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Hidrola I, S.L.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Clientes España, 
S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola España, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
(subholding) 
Iberdrola Redes España, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
SPW Investments Limited 
100 per cent. 
Iberdrola Participaciones, S.A.U. 
100 per cent. 
Neoenergía, S.A. 
51.04 per cent. 
(subholding) 
Iberdrola México, S.A. de C.V. 
100 per cent. 
(subholding) 
Iberdrola Energía InternacionaI, 
S.A.U. 
100 per cent. (subholding) 
1.04 
50.00

--- Page 102 ---
11/68309712_31 
102 
 
Business 
The Iberdrola Group is split into five strategic divisions (see table below). Additionally, Corporation includes 
the costs of the Group’s structure (Single Corporation), of the administrative services of the corporate areas 
that are subsequently invoiced to the other companies through specific service agreements. The Group’s 
principal activities are the generation, the supply and the distribution of electricity and gas but, as shown in 
the table below, the Group is also involved in other businesses. The Group operates primarily in Spain but also 
has significant other investments, particularly in the UK, United States, Mexico, Brazil and primarily 
Continental Europe, through Iberdrola Energy International (IEI). 
The economic and financial information of the Iberdrola Group is structured as follows: 
Network Business 
This includes the energy Transmission and Distribution businesses, as well as those of any other regulated 
nature, originating in Spain, the UK, the United States and Brazil. 
Generation and Retail Business 
This includes the energy Generation and Supply businesses, that the Iberdrola Group operates in Spain and 
continental Europe, the UK, the United States, Brazil, Mexico and IEI.  
Renewables Business 
Activities relating to renewable energies (hydro, wind and others) are located in Spain, the UK, the United 
States, Mexico, Brazil and IEI. 
Other Businesses 
This is a grouping of the non-energy businesses. 
Corporation 
This encompasses the costs of the Iberdrola Group structure for the administrative services of the corporate 
areas that are later billed to the other companies through specific service contracts. This group includes also 
discontinued activities. 
Percentage of Group EBITDA for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 based on the Group’s audited 
consolidated annual accounts: 
Division 
Description 
2020 
2019 
Network 
Includes all of the energy transmission and 
distribution activities and any other 
regulated activity originated in Spain, the 
UK, the United States and Brazil 
47.7 per cent. 
52.1 per cent. 
Generation 
and supply  
Includes the electricity generation and sales 
businesses carried on by the Group in Spain 
the UK, the United States, Mexico and IEI 
25.6 per cent. 
24.4 per cent.

--- Page 103 ---
11/68309712_31 
103 
 
Renewables 
Includes activities relating to renewable 
energies in Spain, the UK, the United States, 
Mexico, Brazil and IEI 
25.8 per cent. 
23.6 per cent. 
Other 
Includes the non-energy businesses 
-0.0 per cent. 
0.3 per cent. 
Corporation 
 
0.9 per cent. 
-0.4 per cent. 
 
General 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s consolidated installed capacity was 52,401 MW (49,339 MW as at 31 
December 2019).  
The breakdown of the Group’s capacity by technology and by country is shown in the following tables: 
Installed capacity 
31 
December 
2020 MW 
31 
December 
2019 MW 
MW var. 
2020-2019 
% var. 
2020-2019 
Renewables 
32,263  
29,360  
2,903  
9.9 
Onshore 
18,125  
16,419  
1,706  
10.4 
Offshore 
1,258  
964  
294  
30.5 
Hydro 
10,669  
10,669  
- 
0.0 
Mini – Hydro(1) 
301  
303  
(2) 
(0.7) 
Solar and others 
1,910  
1,005  
905  
90.0 
Nuclear 
3,177  
3,166  
11  
0.3 
Gas combined cycle 
15,821  
14,655  
1,166  
8.0 
Cogeneration 
1,140  
1,284  
(144) 
(11.2) 
Coal 
- 
874  
(874) 
(100.0) 
Total  
52,401  
49,339  
3,062  
6.2 
 
(1) Includes 118 MW managed by Networks in the United States. 
 
Installed capacity 
(MW) 
2020 
2019 
MW var. 
2020-2019 
  
  
  
  
Spain 
26,384  
26,317  
67  
UK 
2,849  
2,505  
344  
United States 
8,574  
8,135  
439  
Mexico 
10,672  
9,532  
1,140  
Brazil 
1,885  
1,885  
- 
IEI 
2,037  
965  
1,072  
Total 
52,401  
49,339  
3,062  
 
The main changes during 2020 were: 
 
In Spain, an 11 MW increase in nuclear technology following the acquisition from Nuclenor of 1% of 
the community of assets of the Trillo nuclear power plant and the closure of the Velilla 1 and 2 thermal 
power plant (516 MW) and the Lada thermal power plant (358 MW). Furthermore, a total of 332 MW 
were added in renewables power in the period, following the start-up of the Cavar (111 MW), 
Fuenteblanca (10 MW) and Puylobo (49 MW) wind farms and the completion of wind turbine

--- Page 104 ---
11/68309712_31 
104 
 
installation work at the Huesca (18 MW) and Orbaneja (32 MW), Cordel Vidural (34 MW), 
Capiechamartin (34 MW), Panondres (23 MW) and Encinillas (21 MW) wind farms. 
 
In the UK onshore 44 MW installed at Beinn An Tuirc III (22 MW) and Halsary (22 MW). 
 
In the United States a total of 439 MW was added at the following wind farms: Otter Creek (80 MW), 
Roaring Brook (61 MW) and La Joya (304 MW), while 2 MW of installed capacity was 
decommissioned for technical reasons at the Barton, Juniper Canyon and Farmers City wind farms. 
 
In Mexico, completion in the first quarter of 2020 of the Topolobampo III combined cycle plant (779 
MW) even though the licence to start production is pending, and the transition of the Enertek 
cogeneration plant to operate as a gas combined cycle plant, contributing 144 MW to this technology 
at the expense of cogeneration; and 87 MW installed at the PIER II wind farm. 
 
In IEI 804 MW of wind power was added following the acquisitions of Aalto Power in France (118 
MW), Infigen in Australia (670 MW) and Pyrgari in Greece (16 MW). 
Electricity generation during the year ended 31 December 2020 grew by 8.2 per cent. to 154,804 GWh 
(143,057 GWh in 2019). The breakdown of the Group’s generation by country for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019 is shown in the following table: 
Net Production (GWh) 
2020 
2019 
per cent. 
var. 2020-
2019 
  
  
  
  
Spain 
59,105  
57,628  
2.6 
UK 
6,664  
4,617  
44.3 
United States 
21,607  
20,584  
5.0 
Mexico 
57,517  
50,882  
13.0 
Brazil 
6,361  
6,681  
(4.8) 
IEI 
3,550  
2,665  
33.2 
Total 
154,804  
143,057  
8.2 
 
The breakdown of the Group’s generation by technology during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
is shown in the following table: 
Net Production (GWh) 
2020  
2019  
% var. 
2020-2019 
Renewables 
60,402  
51,116  
18.2 
Onshore 
38,507  
36,591  
5.2 
Offshore 
4,380  
2,211  
98.1 
Hydro 
15,274  
10,615  
43.9 
Mini - Hydro 
674  
611  
10.3 
Solar and others 
1,567  
1,088  
44.0 
Nuclear 
24,316  
23,656  
2.8 
Gas combined cycle 
63,673  
59,431  
7.1 
Cogeneration 
6,176  
8,505  
(27.4) 
Coal 
237  
349  
(32.1) 
Total  
154,804  
143,057  
8.2

--- Page 105 ---
11/68309712_31 
105 
 
NETWORK 
The Iberdrola Group distributed a total of 224,997 GWh in 2020, a 3.7 per cent. decrease compared to 2019 
(233,540 GWh distributed). Electricity supply points under management reached 31.3 million as at 31 
December 2020 (30.99 million in 2019). In 2020, the electricity distributed by the Group was affected by the 
lockdown measures and the downturn in economic activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 
reduction in electricity demand was 3.7% compared with the previous year. 
In 2020, the regulated business obtained consolidated results of €1,562 million after tax, a decrease of 20.2 per 
cent. from the previous year (€1,957 million in 2019). 
Spain 
The regulated business in Spain obtained consolidated results of €805 million after tax in 2020 (€994 million 
in 2019). 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, Iberdrola distributed 88,390 GWh, a 5.5 per cent. decrease 
compared with the same period of the previous year (93,509 GWh in 2019). 
UK 
The regulated business in the UK obtained consolidated results of €312 million after tax in 2020 (€410 million 
in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, Iberdrola distributed to more than 3.54 million customers (3.53 million customers 
in 2019). The volume of energy distributed during the year 2020 was 31,738 GWh (33,711 GWh in 2019), 
representing a decrease of 5.9 per cent. when compared to the same period of the previous year. 
United States 
The regulated business in the United States obtained consolidated results of €229 million after tax in 2020 
(€339 million in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, Avangrid, the US network subsidiary of Iberdrola, had 2.27 million electricity supply 
points (2.26 million in 2019). The energy distributed during the year 2020 was 38,012 GWh (38,441 GWh in 
2019), representing a decrease of 1.1 per cent. when compared to the same period of the previous year. 
The number of gas users in the United States as at 31 December 2020 was 1.02 million (1.02 million in 2019), 
with 59,134 GWh (64,234 GWh in 2019) supplied during the year then ended, representing a decrease of 7.9 
per cent. when compared to the same period of the previous year. 
As at 31 December 2020, there were 118 hydroelectric MW of installed capacity within the business that 
produced 120 GWh of electrical energy in 2020 (118 MW installed capacity and production of 179 GWh in 
2019). 
Brazil 
The regulated business in Brazil obtained consolidated results of €216 million after tax in 2020 (€215 million 
in 2019). 
The number of customers served by the Brazilian distribution companies as at 31 December 2020 was 14.28 
million (14.05 million in 2019) and a total of 66,857 GWh (67,879 GWh in 2019) was distributed during the 
year then ended.

--- Page 106 ---
11/68309712_31 
106 
 
GENERATION & SUPPLY 
In 2020, the non-regulated business obtained consolidated results of €1,005 million after tax (€990 million in 
2019), an increase of 1.5 per cent. from the previous year. 
Spain 
The non-regulated business in Spain obtained consolidated results of €730 million after tax in 2020 (€801 
million in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, the installed capacity of Iberdrola in Spain (excluding Renewables) totalled 9,174 
MW (10,037 MW in 2019). 
UK 
The non-regulated business in the UK obtained consolidated losses of €46 million after tax in 2020 (losses of 
€187 million in 2019). 
Mexico 
The non-regulated business in Mexico obtained consolidated results of €392 million after tax in 2020 (€413 
million in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, the installed capacity of Iberdrola in Mexico (excluding Renewables) reached 9,348 
MW (8,569 MW in 2019). 
In 2020, the Group supplied 55,641 GWh (49,231 GWh in 2019) of electrical energy, 13 per cent. higher than 
the figure for 2019. 
Brazil 
The non-regulated business in Brazil obtained consolidated results of €14 million after tax in 2020 (€7 million 
in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, the installed capacity of Iberdrola in Brazil (excluding Renewables) reached 533 
MW. 
In 2020, the Group supplied 2,440 GWh of electrical energy (3,334 GWh in 2019). 
IEI 
The non-regulated business in rest of countries obtained consolidated losses of €83 million after tax in 2020 
(losses of €44 million in 2019). 
In 2020, the Group supplied 10,540 GWh (10,225 GWh in 2019) of electrical energy. 
RENEWABLES 
In 2020, the Group’s Renewables business obtained consolidated results of €644 million after tax (€789 million 
in 2019), contributing 17.8 per cent. (22.8 per cent in 2019) to the Group’s consolidated results. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Renewables business reported an installed capacity of 32,145 MW (29,242MW 
in 2019) and reached a production of 60,402 GWh (51,116 GWh in 2019).

--- Page 107 ---
11/68309712_31 
107 
 
Spain 
The Renewables business in Spain obtained consolidated results of €214 million after tax in 2020 (€246 million 
in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, the installed capacity amounted to 17,210 MW (6,094 MW (wind), 1,100 MW (solar) 
and 10,016 MW (hydro)) compared to 16,280 MW in 2019. 
In 2020, the production deriving from the renewables generation in Spain decreased by 17.5 per cent. to 25,545 
GWh from 21,732 GWh in 2019. 
UK 
The Renewables business in the UK obtained consolidated results of €286 million after tax in 2020 (€254 
million in 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, the Renewables business reported an installed capacity in the UK of 2,849 MW 
(2,505 MW in 2019). 
With respect to the production in the UK, this increased in 2020 by 44.3 per cent. to 6,664 GWh (4,617 GWh 
in 2019). 
United States 
The Renewables business in United States obtained consolidated losses of €8 million after tax in 2020 (€84 
million gains in 2019). 
The renewables installed capacity in United States reached 7,616 MW as at 31 December 2020 (7,177 MW in 
2019) excluding the hydro managed by the networks business in the United States. 
In 2020, the Group produced 18,736 GWh (16,925 GWh in 2019) of electrical energy, 10.7 per cent. more 
than in 2019. 
Mexico 
The Renewables business in Mexico obtained consolidated results of €12 million after tax in 2020 (€27 million 
in 2019). 
The renewables installed capacity in Mexico reached 1,324 MW as at 31 December 2020 (963 MW in 2019). 
In 2020, the Group produced 1,876 GWh of electrical energy, 13.6 per cent. more than in 2019. 
Brazil 
The Renewables business in Brazil obtained consolidated results of €13 million after tax in 2020 (€23 million 
in 2019). 
The renewables installed capacity in Brazil reached 1,352 MW as at 31 December 2020 (1,352 MW in 2019). 
In 2020, the Group produced 3,921 GWh of electrical energy, 17.1 per cent. more than in 2019.

--- Page 108 ---
11/68309712_31 
108 
 
IEI 
The Renewables business in Iberdrola Energía Internacional obtained consolidated results of €127 million 
after tax in 2020 (€156 million in 2019). 
The renewables installed capacity reached 1,794 MW as at 31 December 2020 (965 MW in 2019). 
In 2020, the Group produced 3,540 GWh of electrical energy, a 32.8 per cent. increase compared with 2019. 
OTHER BUSINESSES AND CORPORATION 
In 2020, Other Businesses obtained consolidated gains of €482 million after tax (€55 million losses in 2019), 
largely impacted by the sale of the stake held in Siemens–Gamesa, and Corporation and others obtained 
consolidated losses of €82 million after tax (€215 million losses in 2019). 
REGULATION 
The Iberdrola Group operates in a highly regulated environment. An overview of such laws and regulations is 
available at Appendix II of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 
December 2020, which are incorporated by reference herein. Although this overview contains all the 
information that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Iberdrola considers material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations. Prospective investors and/or 
their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the Iberdrola 
Group and of the impact they may have on the Iberdrola Group and any investment in the Notes and should 
not rely on this overview only. See also “Risk Factors—Risk factors that may affect the issuer’s and the 
guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the notes—Legal and regulatory risks” above. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains insurance which provides cover against a number of risks, including property damage, 
fire, flood, third party liability and business interruption. 
However, this insurance does not completely eliminate operational risk, since it is not always possible to 
transfer it to insurance companies and, in addition, cover is always subject to certain limitations. 
Employees 
In 2020 and 2019, the Iberdrola Group’s average workforce totalled 35,637 and 34,306 respectively.  
The average number of employees in the consolidated group corresponds to all the employees in fully 
consolidated companies, as well as the employees of the joint ventures determined based on the percentage 
ownership. 
Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Iberdrola is made up of the following 14 
Directors:  
Name 
Title 
Business 
address 
Type of 
Director 
Principle activity outside of the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor 
Mr. José Ignacio 
Sanchez Galán(1) 
Chairman and 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Executive 
N/A

--- Page 109 ---
11/68309712_31 
109 
 
Name 
Title 
Business 
address 
Type of 
Director 
Principle activity outside of the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor 
Mr. Juan Manuel 
González 
Serna(1)(4) 
Vice-chair and 
Lead Independent 
Director 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Chair of the SIRO Group and founding trustee and 
chairman of Fundación Grupo SIRO. 
Mr. Francisco 
Martínez Córcoles 
Business CEO 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Executive 
N/A 
Ms. Maria Helena 
Antolín Raybaud(3) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Vice-chair of the Board of Directors and member of 
the Management Committee of Grupo Antolin 
Irausa. 
Mr. José W. 
Fernández(2) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Partner of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, member of the 
Board of Directors of the Council of the Americas 
and of the Center for American Progress. 
Mr. Manuel Moreu 
Munaiz(1)(4) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Chairman of Seaplace, sole director of H.I. de Iberia 
Ingeniería y Proyectos and Howard Ingeniería y 
Desarrollo, and member of the Board of Directors of 
Tubacex. 
 
Mr. Xabier 
Sagredo Ormaza(2) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
independent 
Chair of the Board of Trustees of Bilbao Bizkaia 
Kutxa Fundación Bancaria-Bilbao Bizkaia Kutxa 
Banku Fundazioa, of BBK Fundazioa and of 
Fundación Eragintza.  
Mr. Anthony L. 
Gardner(3) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brookfield 
Business Partners, senior adviser at the consulting 
firm Brunswick Group and Senior Counsel in the 
law firm Sidley Austin. 
Ms. Sara de la 
Rica Goiricelaya(5) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Director of Fundación ISEAK. 
Ms. Nicola Mary 
Brewer(5) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Non-executive director of Aggreko plc. 
Ms. Regina Helena 
Jorge Nunes(2) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Partner of RNA Capital and member of the Risk and 
Capital Committee of the Bank of Brazil. 
Mr. Ángel Jesús 
Acebes 
Paniagua(1)(3) 
 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
External 
Independent 
Chairman and founding partner of MA Abogados 
Estudio Jurídico, S.L.P., as well as sole director and 
professional partner of Doble A Estudios y Análisis, 
S.L.P.  
Mr. Íñigo Víctor 
de Oriol Ibarra(4) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Other external 
 
Ms. Samantha 
Barber(1)(5) 
Member 
Bilbao, 
Plaza 
Euskadi 5 
Other external 
Chair of Scottish Ensemble, member of the Board of 
Directors and chair of the Remuneration Committee 
of Scottish Water. 
(1) 
Executive Committee. 
(2) 
Audit and Risk Supervision Committee. 
(3) 
Appointments Committee. 
(4) 
Remuneration Committee.

--- Page 110 ---
11/68309712_31 
110 
 
(5) 
Sustainable Development Committee. 
The Secretary of the Board of Directors is Mr. Julián Martínez-Simancas Sánchez, the First Deputy Secretary 
is Mr. Santiago Martínez Garrido, and the Second Deputy Secretary is Ms. Ainara De Elejoste Echebarría. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the Board members’ duties to Iberdrola and their private 
interests or other duties. All potential conflict of interest situations involving the Board members were avoided 
by operation of the procedures set forth in the applicable rules and regulations described in section D.6 of the 
Annual Corporate Governance Report 2020. In particular, Article 44 of the Regulations of the Board of 
Directors provides that directors who become involved in a conflict of interest (i) shall give written notice 
thereof to the Board of Directors, specifically to the Secretary of the Board, and (ii) shall not attend or 
participate in the deliberation and voting on those matters regarding which the director is involved in a conflict 
of interest. Additionally, transactions by Iberdrola with directors and significant shareholders are subject to 
the approval of the Board and disclosed in the financial and corporate governance information (Article 48 of 
the Regulations of the Board of Directors). Conflicts of interest with officers or any other professionals within 
the Group are regulated in the Code of Ethics. 
Iberdrola’s Annual Corporate Governance Report 2020 is available on the internet at www.iberdrola.com. 
Iberdrola’s website also provides further information about the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the updated 
composition of the Board of Directors and its Committees, as well as the curriculum vitae, other activities 
developed, and interest in the share capital held by each one of the members thereof. Iberdrola’s website 
(www.iberdrola.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Management Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the persons responsible for the day-to-day management of Iberdrola 
and their functions are as follows: 
 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer (CEO): 
Mr. José Ignacio Sánchez Galán(1) 
Business CEO: 
Mr. Francisco Martínez Córcoles 
Chief Financial, Control and Resources Officer 
(CFO): 
Mr. José Sainz Armada 
Corporate Development Director: 
Mr. Pedro Azagra Blázquez 
Director of Legal Services: 
Mr. Santiago Martínez Garrido 
Internal Audit Director: 
Ms. Sonsoles Rubio Reinoso(2) 
Risk Management and Internal Assurance Director: 
Mr. Juan Carlos Rebollo Liceaga(2) 
Director of Compliance: 
Ms. María Dolores Herrera Pereda (3) 
Director of the Networks Business: 
Mr. Armando Martínez Martínez 
Director of the Renewable Energy Business:  
Mr. Xabier Viteri Solaun 
Director of the Generation and Retail Business: 
Mr. Aitor Moso Raigoso 
Director of Purchasing and Insurance: 
Mr. Asís Canales Abaitua 
 
(1) 
Reporting to the Board of Directors. 
(2) 
Functionally dependent on the Board’s Audit and Risk Supervision Committee.

--- Page 111 ---
11/68309712_31 
111 
 
(3) 
Functionally dependent on the Board's Sustainable Development Commission. 
 
Material contracts 
The material contracts entered into by Iberdrola (other than in its ordinary course of business) and which are 
relevant to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes are the Dealership Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 112 ---
11/68309712_31 
112 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 25 June 
2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Dealership Agreement) between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the 
Issuer, to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
The Issuer failing whom, the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to 
all the Dealers or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any 
time on giving not less than ten business days’ notice. The Dealership Agreement provides that the obligation 
of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in 
certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any 
such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2, TEFRA D (as defined below), unless TEFRA C (as defined below) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit or, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether the provisions of U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or substantially identical 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, substantially identical regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA C), the provisions of U.S. Treasury 
regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury regulation section 
including, without limitation, substantially identical regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA D), or neither the provisions of TEFRA C nor TEFRA D (TEFRA not 
applicable) will apply to the issuance of Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of their distribution at any time (b) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, or the 
Fiscal Agent by such Dealer or, in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or, as provided below, in accordance 
with Rule 144A thereunder, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons.

--- Page 113 ---
11/68309712_31 
113 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirement of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (if available). 
Such Dealers as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms may offer and sell Notes in accordance with Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (144A Resale) subject to compliance with all applicable United States selling 
restrictions. 
In connection with any such 144A Resale, each relevant Dealer will be required to represent and agree that (a) 
neither it nor any person acting on its behalf has made or will make offers or sales of Notes by any form of 
general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) and 
(b) if required by law, it will deliver to each qualified institutional buyer purchasing a Note or Notes from it a 
Base Prospectus. 
Each Series of Notes may also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision:  
(c) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer

--- Page 114 ---
11/68309712_31 
114 
 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Spain  
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus has been approved or registered in the administrative registries of 
the Spanish Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may not be offered, sold, distributed or re-sold in Spain except (i) in 
circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain; (ii) by institutions authorised to 
provide investment services in Spain under Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores (the Spanish Securities Market Law)), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February (Real Decreto 
217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás 
entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain; 
and (iii) in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing 
legislation. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the FIEA). Each Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of,

--- Page 115 ---
11/68309712_31 
115 
 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time. 
Singapore  
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS, and the Notes will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (SFA). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 116 ---
11/68309712_31 
116 
 
Notification under Section 309B of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all 
Notes shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations, all as amended from time to time; or  
(b)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the 
Issuers Regulation), as amended from time to time, and applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i)  
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the Banking Act) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (implementing 
Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998), all as amended from time to time;  
(ii)  
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and   
(iii)  
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent 
authority. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, notwithstanding the specific selling restrictions set out herein, it will comply with all applicable securities 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
undertake, that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the subscription, offer or 
sale by it of any Notes or possession or distribution by it of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
under the applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in or from which 
it makes any subscription offer or sale.

--- Page 117 ---
11/68309712_31 
117 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 118 ---
11/68309712_31 
118 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes [are] [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and are [Excluded]/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493004PZNZWWBOUV388 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
[Indicate in title if the Notes are green bonds, i.e. if issued to finance Eligible Green Projects] 
Guaranteed by 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5QK37QC7NWOJ8D7WVQ45 
Under the EUR 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2021 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information to 
comply with Article 8(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. and are available for viewing at www.iberdrola.com and copies may be 
obtained from [address].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be 
reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue 
                                                     
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes do not constitute prescribed capital markets 
products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 119 ---
11/68309712_31 
119 
 
would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) of Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [22 June 
2016/28 July 2017/1 August 2018/25 June 2019/24 June 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated []] in order to obtain all the 
relevant information to comply with Article 8(5) of the Prospectus Regulation, which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [22 June 2016/28 July 2017/1 August 2018/25 
June 2019/24 June 2020] and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2021. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and each Base Prospectus dated [22 June 2016/28 July 2017/1 August 
2018/25 June 2019/24 June 2020] and 25 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated []]. 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.bourse.lu and are available for viewing at www.iberdrola.com and copies may be obtained 
from [address].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable may be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing Final Terms.) 
(When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
 
1. 
(i) 
[Series Number: 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[         ]] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing notes with Series number [        ] 
on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [        ] below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount admitted to 
trading: 
[         ] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[         ]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[         ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus [        ] corresponding to the

--- Page 120 ---
11/68309712_31 
120 
 
accrued interest for the period commencing on 
and including [        ] to, but excluding, the Issue 
Date]. 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[        ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] [(NB: The Maturity Date 
[should not be/may need to be not] less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] (see item 12 below) 
 
[[        ] 
Month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
+/- 
[        ] per cent. Floating Rate] (see item 13 
below) 
 
[Zero Coupon] (see item 14 below) 
 
(see paragraph [12]/[13]/[14] below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [12/13] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [12/13] applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
[(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19] below] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 121 ---
11/68309712_31 
121 
 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/
365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[B
ondBasis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(
ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] (only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual 
(Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[        ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[        ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[[        ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 122 ---
11/68309712_31 
122 
 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent) 
[          ] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] 
[Month] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] [Not 
Applicable] 
– 
Reference Banks 
[          ] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ]/[The date falling [          ] Business Days 
prior to the first day of each Interest Accrual 
Period]/ [First day of each Interest Accrual 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for each Interest Accrual Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
are 
due 
and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment 
Date at the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided that the Interest Determination Date 
with respect to the last Interest Accrual Period 
prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date  (Include 
this wording for Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate 
is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Fiscal Agent.)  
– 
Effective Interest Payment 
Date: 
[The date falling [          ] Business Days 
following each Interest Payment Date, provided 
that the Effective Interest Payment Date with

--- Page 123 ---
11/68309712_31 
123 
 
respect to the last Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Notes before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for 
redemption 
(include 
for 
Payment 
Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at 
least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment 
Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ]/[Bloomberg 
Page 
SONIO/N 
Index]/[New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website]/[ECB's Website] 
– 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ 
Not Applicable] 
– 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Look-back Period should be at 
least as many Business Days before the Interest 
Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation 
Look-back 
Period" 
is 
only 
applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is 
selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, 
select "Not Applicable".) 
– 
D: 
[365/360/[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
Rate Cut-off Date 
[The date falling [          ] Business Days prior to  
the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable (include for Payment 
Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination 
is  
applicable: 
 
– 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
€STR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
11/68309712_31 
124 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[          ]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[          ]/[As per the Conditions]   
(This should be a number that is five or greater 
where 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily €STR is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is 
applicable.) 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[          ]/[As per the Conditions]   
– 
Numerator: 
[          ]/[As per the Conditions]   
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each 
short 
or 
long 
interest 
period)/Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/
365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[B
ondBasis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(
ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual/
365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[B

--- Page 125 ---
11/68309712_31 
125 
 
ondBasis]/[30E/360]/[EurobondBasis]/[30E/360(
ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount][Make-Whole 
Amount] 
(iii) 
Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Note: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Redemption Margin: 
[        ] 
Financial Adviser: 
[        ] 
Quotation Time: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Discount Rate: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [        ] to 
(but excluding) [        ]/the Maturity Date]] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[        ] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
 
Maximum period: [       ] days (N.B. When setting 
notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 126 ---
11/68309712_31 
126 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [      ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
17. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent)] 
18. 
Residual Maturity Call Option     
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Date fixed for redemption: 
[        ] 
19. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on Event 
of Default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required or if different from that 
set out in Condition 6): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption

--- Page 127 ---
11/68309712_31 
127 
 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in the circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
[Bearer Notes may not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary 
or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] (Include for 
Bearer Notes that are to be offered in Belgium) 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€ [        ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)]] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$ [        ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that 
is, held under the NSS)]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[only applicable to Bearer Notes] 
23. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[        ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 128 ---
11/68309712_31 
128 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 12(ii)) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
25. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 13 
apply] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[        ] has been extracted from [        ]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [        ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
 ................................................................  
By: 
 ................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 129 ---
11/68309712_31 
129 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange][other relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [        ]] 
[Application is expected to be made for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [relevant regulated 
market] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that the original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated][The 
Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[According to [     ] as published by Standard & 
Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited, a rating by 
Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited 
of [     ] indicates [      ]. 
According to [     ]  as published by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited, a rating by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited of [      ] indicates [      ].   
According to [     ] as published by Fitch Ratings 
Limited, a rating by Fitch Ratings Limited of [     ] 
indicates [      ].] 
 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European

--- Page 130 ---
11/68309712_31 
130 
 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [[Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation [(and, as such is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation)], disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency]. While notification of the corresponding 
final endorsement decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority, the 
European Securities and Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in third countries may 
continue to be used in the EU by relevant market 
participants for a transitional period ending on 30 
April 2012.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by

--- Page 131 ---
11/68309712_31 
131 
 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation[[ [EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation] [ [OR:] although notification of 
the corresponding certification decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority [and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). However,

--- Page 132 ---
11/68309712_31 
132 
 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.] The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[        ]/See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear  
and Clearstream Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the International Central 
Securities Depositaries (ICSDs), being Euroclear

--- Page 133 ---
11/68309712_31 
133 
 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper, [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for registered notes which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met. 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[      ] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 134 ---
11/68309712_31 
134 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are 
resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
any payments under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided below 
does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in Spain and is subject 
to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive 
effect.  
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes, where applicable.  
Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised 
advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes 
which could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this document: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on supervision and 
solvency of credit entities (Law 10/2014) as well as Foral Decree 205/2008, of 22 December (Foral 
Decree 205/2008) and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July (Royal Decree 1065/2007), as amended; 
(ii) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax (PIT), 
Law 35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income 
Tax Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the PIT 
Law), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March, passing the PIT Regulations, as amended, along with 
Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Net Wealth Tax, as amended, and along with Law 29/1987, of 18 
December, on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax 
(CIT), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, governing the CIT, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, 
passing the CIT Regulations (CIT Regulations), as amended; and 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the 
Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, passing the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, passing

--- Page 135 ---
11/68309712_31 
135 
 
the NRIT Regulations, as amended and along with Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on the Inheritance 
and Gift Tax, as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax passed by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt from Value Added 
Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income obtained 
from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax 
purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an 
individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or exchange 
of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s own capital to third 
parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in the 
investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law and taxed at a flat 
rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per 
cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000 and 26 per cent. for taxable income exceeding 
€200,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per cent.  
However, it should be noted that Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 established certain 
procedures for the provision of information which are explained under section “–Taxation in Spain – 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below and that, in particular, in the case of debt listed 
securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is 
recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state, as the Notes issued by 
Iberdrola Finanzas: 
(i) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who are individuals 
resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals; 
and  
(ii) 
interest paid to all Noteholders (whether tax resident in Spain or not) should be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the information procedures are complied with. 
Therefore, Iberdrola Finanzas understands that, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 
1065/2007, it has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes corresponding to 
Noteholders who are individuals with tax residency in Spain provided that the information procedures (which 
do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with.  
Nevertheless, Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted 
by other entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax 
purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. 
The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final PIT liability. 
Regarding the interpretation of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the information 
procedures, please refer to section “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Spanish Withholding Tax in Notes issued 
by Iberdrola Finanzas” above.

--- Page 136 ---
11/68309712_31 
136 
 
2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. Law 4/2008, of 23 
December introduced a 100 per cent. relief (bonificación del 100 per cent.) on the Net Wealth Tax. Although, 
for the years 2011 to 2020 the Spanish Central Government repealed the 100 per cent. relief (bonificación del 
100 per cent.) of this tax and the Law 11/2020, dated 30 December, has restored it on an indefinite basis, the 
actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community. Thus, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net wealth exceeds 
€700,000 generally, although this threshold may be different depending on the relevant Autonomous 
Community. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December 
each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable tax rates currently range between 7.65 per cent. 
and 81.6 per cent. depending on a number of factors. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both interests periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own 
capital and must be included in the profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain and 
will be subject to CIT at the current general rate of 25 per cent. following the CIT rules. 
Pursuant to Section 61.s of the CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to make a withholding on income 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in 
OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish 
resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer 
may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the 
depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (“Dirección General de Tributos”) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, 
placement of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an 
organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by 
the relevant investors against their final CIT liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of 
listed debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement 
entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state (such as the 
Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas), interest paid to investors should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. 
The foregoing is subject to certain information procedures having been fulfilled. These procedures are 
described in “–Taxation in Spain — Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below.  
Therefore, Iberdrola Finanzas considers that, pursuant to Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
it has no obligation to withhold any tax on interest paid on the Notes in respect of Noteholders who are Spanish 
CIT taxpayers, provided that the information procedures are complied with.

--- Page 137 ---
11/68309712_31 
137 
 
However, regarding the interpretation of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the 
information procedures, please refer to section “Risk Factors— Risks Relating to Spanish Withholding Tax in 
Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas” above. 
3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities who are resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities who are resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
4.1 
Non Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “Taxation in 
Spain—Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”.  
(b) 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or legal entities who have no tax residency in Spain, 
being NRIT taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such NRIT.  
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in the 
manner detailed under “—Taxation in Spain — Disclosure of Information in Connection with the 
Notes” as set out in Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. 
4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals who are resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to 
Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose 
properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed €700,000 
on the last day of any year, would be subject to Net Wealth Tax for such year, at the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Noteholders who are tax resident in a State of the European Union or of the European Economic Area may be 
entitled to apply the specific regulation of the Autonomous Community where their most valuable assets are 
located and which trigger this Spanish Net Wealth Tax due to the fact that they are located or are to be exercised 
or must be fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
Non-resident legal entities are not subject to Spanish Net Wealth Tax.

--- Page 138 ---
11/68309712_31 
138 
 
4.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain and acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will not be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in Spain if the country in which such 
individual resides has entered into a double tax treaty with Spain in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax. In the 
absence of such treaty between the individual’s country of residence and Spain, the individual will be subject 
to Inheritance and Gift tax in accordance with the applicable regional and state legislation. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to 
the rules set forth in the state legislation. However, if the deceased or the donee are resident in an EU or 
European Economic Area member State, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant 
Autonomous Communities according to the law. This criteria might also be applicable when the deceased or 
donee is resident outside of an EU or European Economic Area member State, according to the Spanish 
Supreme Court’s judgments dated 19 February 2018, 21 March 2018 and 22 March 2018. 
The tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, ranges between 7.65 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
Non-resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy 
are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax. If the entity is 
resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of the treaty will 
apply. In general, tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the 
beneficiary. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed 
all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, they may 
attempt to impose withholding tax in Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest. In 
this case, should Law 10/2014 be applicable (e.g., in the case of payments to be made by the Guarantor in 
respect of Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas in the form of Global Notes), the Guarantor, in accordance with 
Law 10/2014, Foral Decree 205/2008 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, would not be obliged to withhold taxes in 
Spain on any interest paid under the Guarantee to the Noteholders, that (i) can be regarded as listed debt 
securities issued under Law 10/2014; and (ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity 
that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OCDE member state, provided that the 
Fiscal Agent fulfils with the information procedures described in “Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Disclosure 
of Information in connection with the Notes” below.  
On the contrary, if Law 10/2014 is not applicable to the Notes, payments of interest made under the Guarantee 
to the Noteholders may be subject to Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) 
unless the recipient is either (a) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than 
Spain, not acting through a territory considered as a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law (currently set out in 
Royal Decree 1080/1991, of 5 of July) nor through a permanent establishment in Spain, provided that such 
person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax residence certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, 
each certificate being valid for a period of one year beginning on the date of the issuance, (b) resident in a 
country which has entered into a Tax Treaty with Spain which provides for the exemption from withholding 
of interest paid under the Notes, provided that such person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax resident 
certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, each certificate being valid for a period of one year 
beginning on the date of the issuance, or (c) a Spanish Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes

--- Page 139 ---
11/68309712_31 
139 
 
have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as initially envisaged. Tax treaties could reduce this 
hypothetical withholding taxation. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish Tax Authorities of the Ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. individuals, legal 
entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets or 
rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, Noteholders 
who are resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before 
the Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 
December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2020 and 31 March 2020 the 
Notes held on 31 December 2019). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with 
other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be made 
in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in 
subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 
as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the 
Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
Taxation in Spain - Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with Interest Payments  
In accordance with section 5 of Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and section 5 of Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 and provided that the Notes issued by Iberdrola Finanzas are initially registered for 
clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, the Paying Agent designated by Iberdrola 
Finanzas would be obliged to provide Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor in relation to the payments made 
under the Deed of Guarantee) with a declaration (the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement), which 
should include the following information: 
(i) 
description of the Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such Notes);  
(ii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iii) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be 
provided to Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) on the business day immediately 
preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this requirement is complied with, Iberdrola Finanzas (or the 
Guarantor) will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all interest under the Notes to all 
Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Paying Agent designated by Iberdrola Finanzas were to fail to provide the information 
detailed above, according to section 7 of Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and section 7 of Article 44 of 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) or the Paying Agent acting 
on its behalf would be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding 
tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the 
interest is payable, the Paying Agent designated by Iberdrola Finanzas were to submit such information,

--- Page 140 ---
11/68309712_31 
140 
 
Iberdrola Finanzas (or the Guarantor) or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf would refund the total amount 
of taxes withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Iberdrola Finanzas has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were 
required by law, Iberdrola Finanzas, failing which the Guarantor, would pay such additional amounts as may 
be necessary such that a Noteholder would receive the same amount that he would have received in the absence 
of any such withholding or deduction, except as provided in “Terms and Conditions of Notes. 8. Taxation”. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, Iberdrola Finanzas 
would inform the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as Iberdrola Finanzas 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) may be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments under 
the Notes if the Noteholders were not to comply with such information procedures. 
The Guarantor is subject to the same reporting requirements in relation to listed Notes issued by Iberdrola 
Finanzas. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero Coupon 
Notes 
In accordance with Article 55 of Foral Decree 205/2008 and Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations established in Section 
44 (see “—Disclosure of Information in Connection with Interest Payments” above) will have to be complied 
with upon the redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
If the Spanish tax authorities considered that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero 
Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such 
Notes, adopt the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such 
information obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (EU FTT) 
The European Commission published in February 2013 a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (excluding Estonia, the participating Member States). Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It has been 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an FTT by the so-called 
enhanced cooperation process.

--- Page 141 ---
11/68309712_31 
141 
 
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1 per cent. tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for 
derivatives that would be subject to a minimum 0.01 per cent. tax rate. 
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over €1 billion. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and 
the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and participating Members 
States may withdraw.  
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
The Law 5/2020, dated 15 October 2020, on the Tax on Financial Transactions (the Law) has implemented 
the tax in Spain (the Spanish FTT).  
According to the Law, the Spanish FTT is aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions taxes. 
Specifically, the Spanish FTT is levied at a rate of 0.2 per cent. on certain acquisitions of listed shares issued 
by Spanish companies whose market capitalisation exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of 
residence of the parties involved in the transaction. The Spanish FTT does not apply in relation to an issue of 
Notes under the Programme.  However, the Law could be modified and therefore there can be no assurance 
that the Spanish FTT would not apply to an issue of Notes in the future.  Prospective Noteholders are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT.

--- Page 142 ---
11/68309712_31 
142 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus of the Issuer. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may 
be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange nor listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
nor any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The update of the Programme and the Issue of the Notes was authorised by a resolution of the board 
of managing directors of Iberdrola Finanzas on 18 June 2021. The giving of the guarantee contained 
in the Deed of Guarantee was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor 
passed on 18 June 2021, by a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor passed on 31 
March 2017. The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and 
the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
3. 
Each permanent Bearer Note and definitive Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, 
Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
4. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group. 
5. 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Iberdrola 
Finanzas nor, since 31 December 2020, has there been any significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of Iberdrola Finanzas, with the exception of the ongoing impact of the 
COVID-19 global pandemic as described in “Risks relating to macro-economic conditions – COVID-
19” on page 24 of this Base Prospectus.  
6. 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor 
or the Group nor, since 31 March 2021, has there been any significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Guarantor or the Group, with the exception of the ongoing impact of 
the COVID-19 global pandemic as described in “Risks relating to macro-economic conditions – 
COVID-19” on page 24 of this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. 
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
9. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on

--- Page 143 ---
11/68309712_31 
143 
 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
10. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (with 
English translations, where appropriate) will be available on the website of the Issuer and Guarantor 
https://www.iberdrola.com/shareholders-investors/investors/fixed-income/programmes: 
(a) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(b) 
the Estatutos of Iberdrola Finanzas and the Guarantor (with English translations, in each case); 
(c) 
the Documents Incorporated by Reference;  
(d) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future prospectus supplements, further prospectuses, information memoranda and Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which were 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each 
document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
website (www.bourse.lu). 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (with 
English translations, where appropriate) will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday 
(public holidays excepted), at the office of the registered offices of the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar and each of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Certificates in respect of Registered Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the 
Talons); and 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant. 
11. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. has audited the Spanish language consolidated annual accounts as at and for 
each of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 of the Guarantor prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by European Union (IFRS-EU), issuing audit 
reports without modifications. 
12. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. has audited the Spanish language annual accounts as at and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 of Iberdrola Finanzas prepared in accordance with the 
Spanish General Chart of Accounts, issuing audit reports without modification. 
13. 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. (independent auditors) located at Paseo de la Castellana 259C, 28046 Madrid, 
Spain, and registered in the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores 
de Cuentas), was appointed as the independent auditor of the Guarantor and Iberdrola Finanzas for 
2017, pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor held on 31 March 2017 
and the sole shareholder’s meeting of Iberdrola Finanzas held on 3 July 2017.

--- Page 144 ---
11/68309712_31 
144 
 
14. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. In addition, potential conflicts of interest 
may arise between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including when a Dealer acts as a 
Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the 
Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. For the purpose of this paragraph, 
the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
16. 
The Issuer has appointed BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch to act as Listing 
Agent. BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 145 ---
11/68309712_31 
145 
 
 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Iberdrola Finanzas, S.A.U. 
Iberdrola, S.A. 
Plaza Euskadi 5 
48009 Bilbao 
Spain 
Plaza Euskadi 5 
48009 Bilbao 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Edificio la Magdalena Planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt Am Main 
Germany 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 – 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 146 ---
11/68309712_31 
146 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
AGENTS 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT AND 
REGISTRAR 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to English and 
Spanish law 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law 
 
 
Herbert Smith Freehills Spain LLP 
Calle de Velázquez 63  
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
c/ Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain